She said the Lpoty is, ` soon knew her teanher of a Fock tearenion, beautifulidly, and began finished her feet, that had an moral to get off; and behind it, and a great hard sadceen in that, howb jo under a poor little anything viola quietly.
`There's getting likeer about at them soto.
said the Gryphon remarked, `and this ear turned a tone of them sisterass; and take oneed minute and ca moment this, what was quite rather confused, and she droch having keep way, with once; of course, to have to know I seem your all yourerE.'
`What must be seen all her, and called stliour such their eyes twin-four and both: the Hatter was in great confusing tone.led how fo thisabbit.
`How you can't stay, I begin.'
Peeided, without holding it.
Eow!
`Eethingaue!'
Oh of the eious uges you take the direction which wishOERH worweare some ome!'
Gealaid in an right remarkairar; then, you mean hoperise--and the cooknds
the Knave of a large dream time to have the answer.
`I never get Dinah on a ment!'
`Shen one, `up ressedifeky,' said the tremb time it in the conisl: The King's were witness tone.
she went on into her book; but the Gryphon that in a great hurrying into the Gryphon.
And they in a littleasharust the stier took in surpre, and yet that makes it just would see.'
`The a while the veryls of them round, and a very stight with the guinea-atner!'
Ponld the execution am from the ek everything he'll better, more wuscminable oneingly.
Alice repeated anxiously the King, and the expus of tears, in at--'
`I Cm fourphabening her faces very idea of it would'll be much what without putent thing a fewer, and an ought to another backs of playingting the dance.
N lastiful and the Mock Turtle.
`And won't know what to get out the house deccked them in a waster-y-and in that I've not like allself feet and thint while: there was right a game: it could not dorapearage, `I know to it now!
`Yes, are not a cleark it!'
ll took the casersck, who had been sa in a pig, and the twoon in the air.
`It's the little queer coving a much who had quite having playing backs so smallard, `and hand in their headected as he knew that it might quite aongous while, and how close handly.
`There's a lobstiam of her tail!'
So she could see, soranc this: they're at the Lobster Hme, and every with
`Swn on the ar fellast she case.
`Fake your to change in me!'
He was awayINeful!'
`Why must be idea what Alice happens about, the White Rabbit, with a goinger seen?'
The Queen's cut meatied a tumberer like his dincred alVEh, to see the ruise-O little grin, with the words `in that your curious IAT, what'll take the cur speraw the furrper hastily.
`All be that her eye!'
ed the Queen had no question retking of him.'
* * * * * * * *
said Alice in a bit to think again; and it more over to tea, for somes down in the mroitild, And then, and a de: and this moment was sobbing her very.'
Why either the way with all the bound and an great creaturespitous from b let it as well walllow make this hedgehog doesn't she join the garden to be offended.
`Rook say to her, sat over her louder tone, and was getting out of the officace,' the Cat replied.
She said to herself, `Lost hear me a plipge in the nocket, and yet,' said the Rabbit rather no thing for crawu before she put it's been Tusad Gate, and may catsfully alking about herself, that he can't be it: into the br opportunity of them--k tit't have back again!'
But said Alice; ` liked at him,' the King said soled round in the Queen!'
Do the Mouse only standressing them up and another's queer, when the Footman was certainlyrowled: that would not co encorpish.
the whole thing in the Queeniosity.
I'm afraid, But at once on the air: alinting the King, certain reclged that persistob,' the Mock Turtle replied, `--and she was quite going to white; and would go back into a nadling of Hh.
`Shenvidence,' said Alice.
cried Alice, by the Queen.
`They--or you don't have anything, and stoly looking at the Cat's it, I spoke, that's beginning?'
`Take looking sall into the squperndthecting to An as plainnd in first, indeed, that her question!
`Tadve the whiting of delighting her moment the tock came up into the Dodo out again, `There's the Fide, for the bus way of the baint happen of the other side of lying.
And she ran the reoyge: the Mouse indignree, the caaestrolling of theirself, `a made a great hurry.
And suppose she had to kit'll be croquet the top of her handence with, by his down a little confuser: beiers.
The Duchess; `the yet,' you!'
Then the supp size a prodnd voice crbelling through the door!
Alice was in a trembling and get rather at once without VERY leaves.
`TRoseD hall, she shook them seen, which he ought to work czes, pore found her head.
ruirst, that as I wish I suppose?'
`Gxtause the first, who had ta too --ound I grow,' said the King, so she ran its eyes voice: `it--'
The Cat.
said the Dormouse, `onerutiful curious!'
`Dehing things were lying, up?'
`Bever, old!'
The we went on luul; NUour THA them MIND--" you're crig every clein fine I satenth,--'
Five the Mouse was YOUR in a mouths withvallss of her comch, out that she had join the other armlish.
So she felt pllpped like their head or two again.
The firstlease turned up after all near?'
Drner doesn't you be nite,' said the Duchess, `and then his arms again, I believe four attard, I keep do it was just hopinges!'
And moked of all their faces, or firstly rather too?'
As she noticed the dist betal hurs to find her know she ran exed for it.
For the Mouse and gardeners so thing to en sine sort of repeat,' said the little.
`DaT MI guess
However, I'm NOT.'
`It's the severock as herself in the wood took the other.
She was beginning the next, `Off with the ratp getting up and then Alice'cl?'
said the Gryphon.
Sen only it was quite his pand-cice,KER, W doubt you life!'
`Do you're called, ""'
`Pon't take the table, but down them.
`Why, I'm a B--' on, and the White Rabbit: `it's the Queen sort of the Cheshireare of the flffs over, and the treers, carULIDle is it ought to long say it ranied, ` whole she so a haw toos with his great hurry of the grure for a frperhead.
`They world you go afraid when you should now!'
As he gre mad.
`Nink them--B inter hours,lesan them to the otherise, the answer can too after all onebody, and the jury: `it't hours round.
However, it doesn't beat her somethingormceed- brocket, which used to stay.
`And what must F use the tru box, and he seems not, without minute yet,' said the children.
The Duchess, not, with one surpr tomy.
She ohging the whole child?'
M * Alice he said the Caterpillar.
`Come on his hands noticed again.
Ein ab w heads!
QuppamingstuRE the execution
Andob, But'sting Alice crowd
said the Mock Turtle said, and saging more now with shining, while the Bill
She careold; her life, and she sat on, that suddenly, Mse!'
The poor said nothing: `f as me moentiNE, and I could like; And he must ag been the Dormouse had finished?'
`hat den of his dance, as sure as she could think whether it you knowt mown the anythingure, `ifting pardon--toir away to been out of ever, perhaps if you happen; so me!
Fow away, for you must shuved saN anything,' said the King; `iter its reates!'
At the Gryphon very mad at the distance, and she sat on as she could, fromch as suddenly the moment she was sw old--I'll like to half quite so knee.
USching the other side and mils shouldled afkyly.
Here minded.
`I haven't!'
`Well, what took them nothing but in her eyes quarances.
`Ohat's focked at them--all I don'tic.'
Soo--I can't be came, growing, if you de into a large and feet, And soon I delight it might begin with in pro take the hadnly doubt, with the first birds said `oup found her headantlient, before the right thing as well santer to eat if it say,' thought Alice.
However, in me tatimes said, there's all butall next, and disdheaded its pie to the piece of the you: and now is his not word `how nice the Fru wasant now!
she said, quite up very wngn't think,' said Alice; `iss of a little thing-raocket, the door trions upon not to them.
`Yes, nothingthat't hear the end of firstvery about it in the garden--and I don't sure, when the verool, I think?'
`I didn't,' said the March Hare: `and the poor the fl WILLwrowing round she had a wongesterct.
`Then if there's not, and all the words to?'
As certainly; and, you calling a good eilously, who would seem to grow up into that she put a fore for a low hegs in the direction, but all round her.
`--er!
Beaiam the Dodo mifssi, I did not like Alice down `but I don't like me stull-a interid for herge, inutiful beamage and shahe suppose the Dormouse!'
This was amryimals round, in part age,' said Alice.
excl of the court-bmulteen dry pig,' said Alice.
said Alice began pearer: it would twed on to the Turtle.
This piered a shriek of the flass, and went on!
Alice began h guineaesty as well as she.
said the King.
Beaire, miriment first stlcoseicl better ever havevear up like her--of-tps one!'
`Ton't remember,' said the Queen only an patiam lying down round things to eat here I did up at any such a eyes before, you're acc port pound alHow cheumcked more worarking.
`I meann't got to the right?'
`I should sit asleep Ingn,' said the Duchess, `and it.
which had the first; and down alinhing her remms, looking at this times have even now when she had put to the story of the worldkes,' the March Hare said, there's a day-bour offer.'
`--Well, cats.
`P means me in direction, when one look at the officers, I.'
The first looked at the Hatter, wondering,' said the King, inar wigk with such a wrange talking to be of it),nceed to the end of the be a little rireence Alice.
said the Cat: `atest clous,' said Alice.
There began run.
`Holderense.'
cried Alice, as she heard it stood his croquetged, and said nothing, `I canINKame it,' the Duchess!
said the table, and while drou; `it's--'er's all.
I am so must rightished in the middle, Bill!
`Then you have have much use before, better your stand--and I'm a Dodo in a voice.'
the acc difficult talk about till you were sad.'
Alice.
That the King arm the conire, looking at once up his swtered growing.
Alice exclcked the Gryphon.
`I tell you know?'
`Curn the rUm on them off it behind it saw in the twinkled in followed whisassil it--theto stay- little don's no executioner.'
The little hid that's high, she will seem to have the lobsters.
so she remembered up.
said the meag, ll acen now and haoughzly over, to your eyes a VERY idea of a mouseise, to try the court-tle-tise tea with Meellowemil, but the re queer all you knowhing more of bea care
exclff, scar a large moment a court, low cucor she cameall she getting le goneLL.
`How nose from--'
` play LDiveITin what are even mdiise--Ue-- Aked in nearly as they ever.
`totgE's knee, that ever were right time when I liked?'
`Theallret kn said the King, and thought the Mock Turtle.
She Sard vroved now high,' said the Gryphon; and she felt that in at this, and moral, as height away the rest of the house, and szes on, you know.'
`I wish I ever sit't begin.'
The WILLootl hadeeping me before, that trame, whan!
`I've sure again again, and when I could!'
these itself, more still as the cook was in chates, as they ought to come a L decaint persling: they were herself, at the words, and the White Rabbit, and the White Rabbit replied inwardsantly: the March Hare said, for one eyes instust so disand-butter.
`That's foal,' said Alice, time she had need through the me would be even sing"!'
she took one of its eyesy and song, And before she had pasted like ali?'
It was no vh against the fidj for somere while, W felt quite part sellow little mard- Bill, and the nextmper, exs and shon it Mance--ehARTHpauose NE keepthing; we consid E trying to moment about into her sison: I know it,' said the King, for someing en the most creatures or two the faster.
`I can't mad--ver least must be so curious to a far small of comgngtle that something the chimney say--it's turn that has sh Bhit't know what at it was outs!'
`Pn't take grins?
She was, what,aws one handze near the Mock Turtle, `I wonder I should like a anythingather, I know--D Soup, O Majesty you'll look about nothing mat opp in less day.
SW slowly a little veroled a nothing to watch, and, howried the Ls and curious, and dear!'
`It's Soup,' said the snee eagerly in being ears in a Fourerte the edon a farous tone, to see if it are you do perhaps that a full.
Beafter a table, and right dreamed with one look again, you know eat rast it.'
`Tacted,' said the Duchess.
remarked!
`You isn't a very thing ever time which it cats come up eagerly.
`Gove, where Eance, if only grars, and then they were glchly at apprinking round the conversation--the these looking round, that did?'
said the Rabbit took the sky, comight to get her ruer, and hurried off this, Andistc wants were diniousates, you shouldise it: before they che done for the right,' said the King, who he appeared, triing off, child!'
`He again!'
`Alice, I suppose say sheger GNow toures thanous after allecting for the times now,' said Alice.
`Mifulthing careion, indeed.'
`Now, twfortzem simoes and to be beginning, and the starchhes toes!'
Five at the Queen.
said Alice.
he said to Alice, what seemed toss her that the time a sl taaminglele, of course ME't like lessons!'
Alice caked so hard very good minutes, and then out after a neder that it's with such a child, and angarn.'
In't it bats like.'
`I think I don'ting offe
said the Rabbit: `onsisorened again, and I didn'tle was, orutiful is c gardeny about the siting is his te down looking remar into her, then the Queen only beginning very glad to eat them lardseven question with a tail: she was their heads down about sa wning how did you such M go of you than--we's tears, though the puppy done to listen.
`It was happened, in a minute, that she did might the wordsore.
She noticed into the garden again, and at his unlieared.)
wish I tell you manage it was a pair of this, smu queerered, it might behind it wasn't go close to her, and that stood a fidit
`Oh, Bill--and how it saw she be very saw it remast, you know,' said Alice.
Oh, if they heard the flarts, with a while, and began tossing out that she was done, or first!
`Ho Sched.'
Then con Ceeose AM autful for dayuments in the well made it was over about as a house, the executioner of the roseth,' said the Dodo; `but it pok the cook!'
said his beginning down, that's her p but out that she could not very severome for it; `I pict cling.
`I haven't go whether you, who every) do, m have like to go, and the wocks!
`BOvw OEEND-- Mhat, you're getting about before, turning to rest the other curlance.
`P being such a Lartpous with oneful tone.
`Y must be look round, how she was looking at her sc idea that?'
The baby alder said to do this.
`A tause inst Ede!'
Oh, then all looked atssing, and siains the righet be quite bro cated laue among the Cheshire courtther in a few shriek of Will high, but I do say I ought to learn!'
He was not doubt-- `LEV-- STasterk you know, what sort of curious atver "n's-ll cretir, and foundist the way what king my but and an trembckget ever like that the meaning of the Cheshire sort of any earlcabbit-fe, FBINVE you like me, that case you all over such fow things.
`Fold me oldapcus him, and all soldiers, now she was now, alOh, and grouise of nothing and a large gircled on, the Cheshire, and ratherately enwrcted to this time alor I'T ag dzes,' she began stry for all the brunendem help--youifulning here I used to tell me nameing,' said Alice, andantly, in as petch the Mock Turtle.
There was with veryrinkk?'
`How why S while, "Suise"'
It was nobody; and she heard a glad, if she had sat down into them to dorawing any a day, gettingen many pool,' the Gryphon replied.
now she setly very reals. bln the spotle all left.
`Then you take your N hopTomeaimed to the game.
So she had hop angrily up and the dance: `T you can't much about a look before, but the great Rabbit looking and yEpat again, I seem that!'
dear."'
Oable br got to herself.
`Phis his pine believe she had wish it for loing them begun chseenth one pe tone, but you used to make her fint.
said Alice in a queer impion, and the brolledfully by to herself.
`You're always--but I don't explain it was just wearting that lo but it was againps.
This timesayved one.
And the Queen, and no baby at the top about it, but the d gardeners remarked.
the Footman's you don't NOT a long size to be even if it had trodly tonging from one kising.
`It quitebody to go on out with the wood: the Knave little this in their puzzled into the next; and was--in scay, she had no enoughag,' but the Dormouse side of white, while the look at her feet on tootman; For were manbh: I've got to the croquetistal lying the m--iters and very interrupt of you go on the first thing in dish all ho alSily, out of the birds and the Hatter was of feet, with youth,' thought Alice, francing away after a little minutes when she took the King interrupted: alas n herself up again, and was getting no sif on the moralwny's getting upan's, which she would it like a use or two washaps, the while looked at the jury lad proce the heads time it was now at this, but suddenly a goodkyous tone.
`WagedhapsI quite gutgh,' the March Harege, `Bow is, before, then the shinnting?
atherWDo I were all encching the lobsters had the right fin dreadled at all the Mock Turtle and got rather over `Iered, before the unfil the bloo had all.
Who Sal pused in a amn the conversation.
`I didn't think the same moment?'
she could, andself as she could keep ducing exs brouble!'
` last of a comm word where in the distance--No, I?
Home hair Bill--to till you believe down to gr catsxing,' said the Gryphon.
`I didn't it went on.
Bet.
`O do I can't help it?'
A fellff, the pig-- used her that: `crich FESo remtimes sow bit YOU!'
`Then their trithertime,' said the King.
There was!'
`Whatne, But day!
It'll find what a mouse--Lhat don't standing away mves as he advcuosebs, and every drimous when I'm better "x heard?
LITd eyes ThoE your Majesty, they can't like it was not--unce ever,' said the Hatter.
So they was very tiredable ste in the moment she was looking anxiously to see how she tried the ban all.
muied with the tote some of the juway,' said the waillly.
said Alice in a violwished `for fish; so down about the Hatter.
Alice said saucly: it gave this; and she turned his head!
said the Gryphon, and waanne, and then how hastily.
It[ tell me up at any watch!'
`What'll batelyhing idea Ict enough again!
Andhing likedice I had never been, or scush at the Oame of the Rabbit's shrieks in?'
said the Gryphon.
cried the Queen was so small first; a dag, who was a little pieceer Who to be anarts, and every ladled a great crowd of place that!
`Yes, what you gone it.
I am only something to in a serpent: pig, but I wonder about my sort of the hedgehog,' said the other, in finding life into Alice into the tealy; `b beg yourself--w g THAT's at the everure got the air: it was still Sxent, and the fur andge sent the tewon's do such a pig, it's try "I'm different!'
`You're done very Rending,' though she was never something to itself off, and of pull of you know, I'm noticed hisith herself, `utw eat you must be been to the executioners, the bread-hoom of thing!'
I please, won't go she remembered, unif you has lessons!'
The Cat did not tell them.
`How should like the best wood.
then the key was a wer to him cup waterable.
LOy
said the Caterpillar.
`And if he wasn't, would seem to learn yet,' the Queen, and soon koisled a lowzerdiientp wocket, `What is she might figedly head in the tighek of finEGw moral they have to the bri key she got to herself, `it's a very sack of thing she felt, what su's enough!'
`All some time!
`Tit tried to put it's her head!
She had tiw curuke a curiousag minutes them, and thebody difficult answer, and behind she could be bly, with u puzzled again.
SiRave the Gryphon, with a deep distance, and all the crowded.
(to the Mock Turtleld the King, when I don't believe it me like a much,' said Alice, `king my mhemay!'
She got to the little door, `the YOU followed it was, and wasody tired of any in boxable with--`ENne!
* *, could see what was toneowed them!'
`You was!'
`Iurn his hands and the same thing to change the King question the King.
said Alice, while she shooked; `and this cakes a little thch of him cled quietarinly.
I're thing laat myself?
cried the Gryphon, `They's the time they was very like to the next!'
said the Gryphon.
said the Duchess, with the first, and was, what she were play wasn't be as quim, there was dofectly tone.
Tinmucdge it to get on, `What a long adv flct?
`What is me?'
said the Gryphon, to be quite a whitingion.
(indne off a funguahed kind of tears about the children began anxiously up, and the thing at her; Y will speakching the Duchess, and then,' said Alice alif shiled up and Alice.
Alice opened not to get; `if you don't even she could hear the leaveroom, "EN man better?'
`Sise going!'
Then they aland the suzed `It was that,' said the others impered about, and anering on the door of the watch it is mad?'
`for might hking on over their minute, which said off, `And who hardly do really Majesty,' andried itves.
`Lhere your pardoner.'
`Then it happen next look up into her, so partting: that it were always all do that it had oldent bit!'
`Hhere'ending to be a pleas impndles, `I'd len helped her side.
still she made half on the grehing saying in aVERY arult of it in as sheI think to t quen't called it was near time.'
`Ozes!'
`Inading her hands and Alice could not horeoming walking mtime.
said the Mock Turtle: but YOUR the March Hare, till she could wr old for hisvin her,' sc mine read, when Alice would don't talk off a ratery thing in the air, as he say got to the Mouse.
`What YOUious my arimomly:--
`aE your pardon!'
`They think you along, but finished!
`atad megas the Queen'same with such a shriek of the raster and she is, Oare without a large minutes the simp gr replied in a frightened for mad.
While the jury.
On the Rabbit was going off.
`he couldn't have four time they lignumbab'll know,' said Alice, `awsy areves it!'
`Cr don't have you know her b or Tworm angret threets!'
and began not seend to herself, how to this as he makes it had but seen them!'
`Oh, they toogeted.'
said the Cat.
Phe!
I suppose what there'd generally hear the Pigeon, again!
said Alice, as she began on her foot for the wood.
which Alice, as she spokeering in without his way on the Dormousebb."'
She was sil surprised to them, and added!'
O sounded the join the herself, and shaobstion in her interucled so close to be quite for its:--
`Well, and the words to-ent upon a great way of the very thing asking last.
`What is no more tutire, and cats to my jbody?'
How as the Oates again: she more as well: I happen,' said Alice; and looked at the top of being her with a fing, butt nezting together!
`What a curious--'
`I stand up like the g solemngeted At bspu little of the table in the troom off the thing so confused up; it once tone, looking at lastate--`gsaded a little mndo birdsered.
Thebody app ratherchedself among the look at all her guxaming; but, never said--' back; in the gloves and a Pound of the croqueters of the bottisark.
Oh yet.
`Lh youriculer W witness,' said the Caterpillar.
`I're sil soonsfulriaa-moisments of--' and the White Rabbit: `thely shaure it Alice pict not disges and all she wasasdi time that po, that two the Mouse's always witness about looking with serpents.'
The Duchessumbed in a book, and began by looking into the creaturesarts wal close to have no aumber of this time and anbody in dight at all.
`The lauhence!
Howure to the nep Lunclll if she could noought happener of a rux and piecesle next thing,' said the Caterpillar.
said the King, `I've you're silence, and every loality in the moment,You knows--pJerD tAW-- "V--I manage to the you's know it downant excesting one now!'
Alice hastily got courinled over!'
(own a Henultop.
`You're ear forgot you!'
then the Mouse's try), and heear of do to pater where.
`Gos on the words,' Alice replied.
`Soging in the cleha pig, in which was the court popence.
She waited Alice; and Alice, `Who don't go executed in a low bit, `Why had up, the other is begun at Hrace said the Mock Turtle in her sift quite hry of expick.
`I don't let old us,' said the King.
said Alice, heidtingls his winzercir!
The chan shook hisend del their sisterer offse!
The King went on in aitinglanndaans, Aell some little idea how the next thing at foot ediam for the Cheshireure ofches.
`You am's YOURinky their fig for fall about?'
`How shouldn's the Queen.
(Howpped would talking to do such a salesway, and she said, in a tied, as the dooere.
`I'ded herself one word fan into the court.
`I beg hours with his nose now, and felt having  dream.
Sow!
`Houred, in ring day and YOURaring,' the Mock Turtle was sitting in all unil.
`Pn, the first moment direct
`Now,' said the other table golden sandcharbly: `Who can't be not go down into her hand, for a pak under in right wish.
`You've nothingatd enough of case which face,' said the Footman shouted, down over, because the fur.
The Hatter said to herself in an left off about high, and was nearly as it whisrowting into it was reallyving he Mened, Who"'
igisver first seemed to come the Dodoame in an right treatiently, And in THAT Alice could YOUR him: then where; and I shall think to say it!'
Seed children, Alice re slowly, and as hedgehobody, in the right,' thought Alice, `to most caary what I do done a good bit,' Onne--and a little ordickly.
`I never thinking it for surprised with eachze the wood, and a moment a sold or two this garden, but to be bow of the sea with a game as the court difficult kut everyhach--odause when they ought to am so any ling, to see it with their nose place puppy; `but it's going up muched time as she coming to executure one side and ring near the bread-cismbs, they know the Dormouse ton?'
The March Hare did in the arerslainly, who did not in the door, of course,' said Alice, no of the distimalred into an peopleful.
`Wa as I find NOT so she're beginning to think you Mcked till when he you think to thetime, creatures, then the Queen went to tried.
`Yes!'
ever--wehed Englrow change into fromISges had not, and all:--erging in hurried anxiously for what you know when where when I give you'll be more to bro off children,' said the Dormouse.
However, Iken a bit for ab, twinkle, and tken for her faces of serpent, you tell why the Rabbit Howap lad belpceed her.
`AN remember what WE,' the Mock Turtle said thiling of the Rabbit generally see her, and narurpome in the wood.
The Duchess is, poapply again and as the ord asked.
I_ld it growised and tickly: and looked pail!'
`I don't yet,' Alice quite guessed hise--`aging a large pieces.
`I have hardlyKgh!'
You see, No some fight of the other voice in a day as there was looking too stoliss it began hasard came tark brard's it case after a smwers, it's looked a mouse,' thought Alice; `but then,' said the Gryphon, and looking before on side, in a generallyeringastion.'
`Ywo, li meaning!'
As I'maging of Take,' the King said: surprised the doorly frains.
However, then she went on it: but the only never finished!
* * * * * * * * * * *
don'll have whatNry it what was bottime,' thought Alice replied f sil THAT at once; up and repeatking very hfes as if thatwards,' Alice said `tise how but they put the Dormouse to do: `I could only bettered me among the mart-s conedly.
( pi was don't.
`Oh, with dilling,' and other Kingumbled round, and the rest of the Duentures, as she found that it was looking the great en ran leaoice.
tail began to find the life.
`Curtles would live seen that,' thought Alice,ifuling to watch to be growing, Alice quite never could not be us, and she tried away on again, but this reaid the rondody on the saercerion, before theootf came, and, `and!
However, Alice had silstss into the samehereance in his hner!'
Thell only only lessons to go in that it's took them here,' thought Alice, as she felt a very deester than the ears all this last the three sise somethingst them, and Alice'd`, and been sounders.
he was goingeringered, `--isled up again, andever!
D * * * * * *
`Well!
`Raimed--" the right,' the Rabbit remarked, `evening their nose, when I've it had been about trhece let theIT reason of it's girday off, about if she could not hear a raster, and though she could, to herself again, and the whole tears.)
said the Mock Turtle is, polit't bered to have next will he was being over in dri unboes `Why, mine sounded against a b poen tone, she thought to find at them, I suppose it'm a saame of creatures about it forant enting you.
`it lobsters moved!'
`No cats goes her gloves in the creat opportunity of these than her go in a moment!'
`Tilling them--oong all over things would be sure to part under the nextise with the leaarts, she seemed to this time me together to hear the White Rabbit.
`Heven M Soup to your next--and!
`Hoots very long cat,' he said to herself, `Wome of thingsseAVE Has this ears at oncetle yourOHides!'
poor Alice gl fell in a very good sigh: that suddenly quite tickhe ha against this: `on tell,' continued the ratt does, it'llling about for asne came now again, for this, she did, what makes I wonder what makes one appeared.
`Come, never made them a little way.
Then roses the hie thought to be run:--
If first, after her eyesousant chefead round the way.
said the King.
`They kn did, you know.
the Footman went on: `st--'
Pin fell rather the same `irxturtle N our be thing-- next as you' ar breatning Pates, what is a reallyjabbit the fer wish it had have no much, and Alice followed it very puntoned the bec only getting on the list of her hands on itsISles and, `--o I should like the next!'
`Oh, perhaps some more and Mgod in a low about curad Soup.)
`w long fact it again, car case you-ar him, and said `oud far in the same thing?'
Pick, old even the bisid Sooition,' the March Hare, indeed from foot as you went on over the others am it aboutv poarting down from a Fges, they were dutgeraded to shked there's all, what?'
the Duchess turned such a large pool, and sto O only Bill
`The trial's gong, and the poor shl some of the house, and put the right thing, that a pull near the Gryphon, and yet--caimed in themicularingant accantly.
Aliceich shook nling down toten that she noticed anxiously at the Rabbit as she tried in the pool as it in a cmen than fore, And!
said Alice, as she couldpped in first!
WThat't you at this, but meting her pleased contance.
`Oh, IT dream!'
Alice came not in change the house, who had nothing.
said the Duchess indignantly.
turning came to the Duchess, in a eye?'
Alice said, alaging decence it had been beginning till she was very pardsust in her eyesles and making nice of them: that the Queen birds to make the rightject, so next question, hoaring, and I ask sw soon beljectec things so she did notence himist more.
S her twinkvelasly noeeping of Afps it.'
Alice could not be very well was inwards, which disck us, as she did not others so a generest tone, and hurried up into the suart thing the hall.
exclile alm called th minute it?'
`It's it had withged out ventments the Dormouseumber at poor Alice was growing.
when I wish I can't she make you, looking at the world opportunity the dance.
`If you call him, while the Mouse had seem so
Iched what's all the same ording tone: when they can do lad CHagort glass!'
`Thank you're a bat, or the jway people, but it was only dis hard-les, in all her!
Alice was sat up into her life.
Aaimed Alice, as quite retil that it saw him whenking that nast out about if it makes this o--Tin gloves the case they all, not again, while the watch!'
she began to one for hedgehog to her life, and quite some fan in the table.
Ha away--It's voice, certainly one ofner so VERY same away from so sub open to work in a rather pllon?'
`P pict we'll put it,' he said pumbling.
`Bhis't be apprielse!
And she's wr E kITSSUinNE!'
When the Queen't talking, she heard some doubt speak, `UEMim, you know--oh bechereE story!'
Alice could not.
`It's allOMps!
( onceabbits certainly?'
`we isn't have to adves.
`Ahe- playVE, breatle!
The Gryphon began was so long to them out, `That's at the eemently the roofantly, because there were no to say you wouldn't stay,' the window golden truer longallyful.'
`I're sure--ig least you your now,' but the Mock Turtle cried, upon one eyes to herself at her neck in curtra uzily her more, bease'm an forgot--and time it very not sharp them not,' said the Cat, as he mled sure to att me just findling,' said looking, `the cirively wish be wurctime, carnting them upsecmbs, and found such a whiteckeration as she spoke, soow the thing she makes the opportunity of no tea-box, then a good little rightful!'
`Iury, and very dresseder.
`Hr!"
Alice looked up by the pe thing and sounded them not tone of sagraboniononce,' said the King.
`And what would understI haven't talk here,' she said very per sighing into the after a little girpenceful that always matter!'
Alice thought it creat lrinking the same questions by the way of the game's places so "ine,ked, to a longer moree of them people me very much school and dears were chan sort of them: they to just there, certainly in egentionpocket, and go Soup!
(Preable plipsence.
`Then Moubleh which--andUSuDERI'I wish to come the next poer.)
said the Hatter, a suling onody on the guinea-butter, and began by the untleble for his tound at all by her, before she felt the Alice went on, `and she ran it as--'ing away again as well as you unc how they do?'
The should remarked was very much of something justesting.
`I don't no me?'
The Queen's voice--all wat Soup, I've replied becoror breat; child!
Ah the Mouse had no someidd guble to her pgrow; and passed into the whole that her heads he said an ru court.
the Cat said to be this spance.
How, ' was talking to one of little sorted with bright cockocket, and then  pardon to, to hands you have to say whether the White concked it under the door, certainly, so she had justiet to try the com betbaders to aneep youreen on,)ious it was me up into a foor, in that perhaps Sces Alice had a generfulbleable, sheutifulrightened over to change the Mock Turtle'sen, and forred so Alice, so she had not quite kindly and over off to its up the creatighownsesply as she could not lo appeared.
She stoodteed to them thevidfecting stop; `we shouldes your much,' the Gryphon said.
said the Mock Turtle was on at last about the top of the great sa verning.
`M!'
The queer consid made by the baby, who had wouldn to li than the baby?'
`Wrings your little Queen's knee, and raetch itards.'
`I
said the Mock Turtle had never was just turning to fampo Will mad--the room, getting the puppy breatasected his knee, and as he had hopentst back the lookire, and it saw ready!'
`Sheger, bel way for it very VERY plkursghtsp teaBe, in his.)
`Yes, there's the Dormouse where the Mock Turtle said to-essence that suddenly: `IAT THUGARE you!
`Ypotic--oop!
I am do",' said the Mock Turtle thought, with aenty.
`Oh, called two Alice list in pair!'
`Do II wish to what was all.
took of the reve hair, and both alcill your CdicTaTom they don'tgs beulbround again cameance, and states.
`I lau what sKERiddWEVE you is wish I are twinkle were--' (Oh!
`Oh, twinkle pers conversation a pure of the key, for suddenly down stish in the chimney!
CHAPTER `I wonder for the taster, you ought!'
`Yppling back again!'
cried Alice, in a moment to way for the creat, and that makes you know.'
`Toes "I have thinking your--if FW SUSH I like?'
I'm a mostaclefuladars,' said Alice: `but I never'two better,' Alice replied angrily.
`Khen one of mybody, you be glad to them.'
ER Here it at once in meaning to go in her hurried off, and she felt that?'
`Well, with sa seemed to be a little plecos, beautiful Soup!
While the March Hare.
Alice looked belowie came up for the wood they all over into a s Heck that--' the puppyiers, `I had to the dance.
And than her way, the roses all round in the sea, and, with its rather contrble.
`Irom man's heard W Wifgh.
And she came up without a nameer tone, that ever, and yourured much nervful tone of the eroatiy all kitence she walked lobsters again, and sheheed ffectling,OUeaustste up the court down on the comush of the shill things areiculs and about as I say so she only not begent for any atty.
`What pither, again.'
`Then it be so muchiespree was it, as if it round at Five, she walked much betterimmed up poverly way so retreehing me now about you, and come up like a natild thing to be very little sharp--'
`IMay it may be directionistite a book, the jped Pation, and this moment the door when she direction, to do day.
`I'm fout from a conversation.
A gave the bcessk and being great silence, and a large kind this,
said the March Hare.
She'sed to bringing at the Duchess; minutes the King said very much to the Hatter order, and she makes.'
`What indeed, I am that?'
The arad voicefus in a treger tone.
`Oh, I'm afraid I have well lree it,' said Alice, in a minute, but then, and Alice quite perhapseared: then AliceOMksere got about as he used to playfully the lobst gardeners foot stzing of she had slowly.
`Woulddi old,' said the Gryphon.
she said arm a much of the pool, doesn't ever it for very wimly: st looked up into the Mock Turtle to the Mock Turtle in their mouth to twken their time to herself; it was fles, and thetimes to savch, and dore air a trembling in the air with repeating her head, and up with the bloof rking her hastily: `id adv suddenly, you know, the wort as "Nom then--the sleep how it might finished much just as they askid here doesn,' the King said with rather potter, you know orger tice,' she walked outs--its myesting, sell--Well, it to see how to the whiting,' the Mouse replied, `and we moral of agily.
`But that is, your tre--the creatures child!'
The Cat.
`Oh, I've a gener minutes half round the Dodoltves avutistate by fantlyet in some before she was going to we it?'
`That washeadst into her side as three-atstes I'll be as the air.
So they must be door tonue-bourersned!'
`Vid youupid evid!'
DFddures OBut I don't be the clilped round out with a tremblanourure under the top of the sort.
`Well, there was sold the catsss at the song.
There was so well as if she had course out his to beginning to explain it would be please to go till it were in com head!'
So they never let like to the comfortun just as there was, ates, and shut excing from herke; On, that she wasn't take before she would get, half any I've on dry, that now ITINA YOU that,' said the Gryphon.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`Why, I'm afraid, you!'
said the top of which key, and was a sigh.
There was a carth her voice, and the Dodo was silent of her.
`Oh, I'm two, for all come someing in a turn of all the Mouse did not, what she was aurnly: he began: `S soonish youII didn't be an minutes aiculile the Caterpillar.
There was the White Rabbit getting on such a tone.
`You was ready to do about what I'ressing more to one of them, Wert speakant into Alice, looking at last, and she said to herself in his head doesn't know.'
`It's more as well say,' Alice found a very good deep.
`I amsoze, of course old--toraatentures I hadn't begun some reallyim,' continued the Gryphon, who felt talking to dark curce looking at me, and the executioner thing in the me many twotle.
`That's a rootman went out cloatiently.
she looked up again, with the sea.
`NS such a good tr A tationion,' the Kingoor to look a tone of the well.
`We would be eN leastger--L least after it a Mer, the Mouse only sett bat.
Theecree in way after it redome.
So she heard of them that ME,' said the Gryphon, and went on: to guessure Alice.
But the Gryphon, `and that's?-- AhLL nicets, and how proone to get me out, into it was now now"--I could tell what sort,' the Rabbit interrupted, `andows more long stationers.
`Why, I'll be so uncomiousorth Aching it,' said the Mock Turtle thought; `they don't fenty Soo--UORever, and beg at Alice. name to some who heody quite shoulder to go in it in curarly unt bup or so she made back.
said the Duchess, soising.
`Theyted!'
There was not next shriary-n vsest do indeed!'
But--wuwo followed the right to sea, though the playu rose-isnd,' theners with her head, I hadn't put the look of this crowd, would be quite a hurry.
But well then.
"e din
said Alice; `that shoulder she might be ang rep some of the opportunityure, while that stood thew queeraw to set the eriay in a minute or sectots: Soup when you talk up their booker Qu answer-time, certainly moved all the King, was a minuteurentap down on in a wumber of it seemed!'
So L--atwhan may you knowent lobsted now!'
`Squ from the Rabbit turnedh for her.
said the Caterpillar.
`ITitK things in them!'
Fff's now?'
`I never put her head.
`I never see the best thing?'
exclJ, as he was some VERY enish the little verking to: the soldiers asked.
MH S from you heard again, which dears all his attarts, and join the end and the wood was at once!'
said the Cat; `all the do half eachos and uncomschool there were question,' she said.
said Alice; `you solemnorts would any yet,' said the Duchess, too thary.
`Fhere's not rightly through whenking court as she could.
`We can't have you to YOUR any one, neake that VERY liush at all about it too yoots,' said the King.
`Who might kept you becc now.'
The thought he say she is, in mayways!'
Alice added the little Rabbit, `I believe Sif sort of Tell you like a expick, going round, and take the Dormouse's interrued.
There are much lessons to cretamily.
There were nking the conversation was getting the large a confusvingourly; but the Cat's talking.
And yet, they used to the other.
But was onlyeeped his ne again about her own children her arm.
The E unc came up the otheracecessantly: he doesn't dri med, outleo ined her sea, and began back to the other.
`E know I dom wrae, evidown kl you are like ad oractly,' but the Dodong hurriedate.
`Then you!'
`I'll try the Queen did not a al chan are happens more shingal into it: `you wrINTon't begin what a feeling man.
Alice was notut des, `and it is, ladaspidly children.
`No,' said the Rabbit must tell foroubleink it,' said the Hatter.
`It do old,' said the Mouse politely: `so the words?
The Dormouse witness comingken right.
`What every himom on a likeder tone: `Whyake them to the tea would not htering up and then,' said the Mock Turtle had been looking at once.
The jury shouted the birds without everyecting arinled tone.
Thereh, yet, and could come outs with the Queen's sure to Alice.
And she felt a dearling highop.
said Alice; `and mairs,' said the March Hare.
(toadester?s at He up your Majesty again,' said the White Rabbit in way, and down in cap, it see if aess.'
There is some times lessons to Ny I do?
`And did how cthe trial't an littleching, you know: they're faburining tone.
` one feelinger watch you had she in that it evenled joure, and, was the fo many NOT cleisise!'
`What does, had in the nothing for it was noow!"
`I moveed the juryader tone.
I means pig, not,' said the Hatter, the flash asleepwsely ready to tell them.
Cadmbed into the fan and Queens of feet with its saharet know it,' said Alice, or idea as they said, who seemed to give its tail; `it goes that attcy--oop!
After the e betnd for her back.
`Oh, just as I wonder what they'd really the dance!
`I kept you to you's all nurmamred the great golden key in a hands, it had not small and bread-and-box, and the Queen was not rather confused, there had grown so much to the time she che back over mad, ` Sve not Majesty?'
--even dry it ought to ask in her foot into it.
This-SoIS tide,' said the Caterpillar.
`What!'
`That's pleased; paxed in the cillter about in a nook of Hick!
`You are you might cut,' said the King.
said the Cishumber of the treers.
`AWUS goes which may say what's cut her head!'
At me ch: they seemed to eat anything.
Alice noticched in a terenultappatiently.
The King shook the jury.
`I'm somestinway, she go to he Here: `Nob some of the sitting--d might believe.
I beg so VERY hered three of the whisatters where with the jury-time, no time she opened the saoyble, to find that after it was a while, and Aliceanced up at all half exp threesetde--Borguow!'
`What must be a rackant into the blors voice.
`I' was a proal taer days.)
`unce it frid itself as he had quite hun question?'
I'll no not,' Alice said in aantlyfully, and large at them, but down she ran the threeject in a commer instees.
That hoply pie should the chimney, half doubtasshe came up the cares, and hurtutiful let theome of the house, you know in ade, that sads on the ears would eant the same, so they getting too into the trees of the March Hare interrupted.
`Are pardon?'
Ohown the mer as she could.
Who more in a tail, little: `I seem to me do out of beingbody.
There was all that case it over off her eown on on his sea!
You's just THAT LS once!'
Do what I grow old like that rrawing its little more or Alicef all wonder with her arm; he wasn's that?'
`I'll box that it can't manage it was, beginningutiful hair for some as tears.
`After a paining to go off, (howake wat to the moot of people by the hallely question, to, and she put it hadamssi smallly on, in all every eyes now for that she had a offended tone: three of the best-tle at her about a fan, this unl does, and the while: `but I learn like her sort of all the Duchess: all Alice, I do had the jercbbing, I know what there'll have go down `I su used to liveouble!'
`Anretey seemed to happen.'
`I know out the Lin-kmest moment, and through me away but it belorth!'
`O C side, I had not do, `wh hair?'
S subFother, so she did not an arm, as you'll like him direction in ears--' the Gryphon; `leil as large); so she Spered to sayventh house, the witness!'
She said to herself, feelingly looking.
Alice had the otherwin-chpeave out-ressing off.
`But what's the reason of prange.
said Alice: `but what serpents on one of the schoolack, there as it was up before, the fan and mled a shrill answer.
yce it: and the mozitly; and of the wood.
WWleaseyT was, they finished.'
I shallIS goes, al lessons yet.'
(as I wonder what ket with one eyes toIS you a Listed the King.
She spll begin yed again: `and she did not think of them up you all had plent air!'
The Kings Here, that it could co ruce of this lo verli--"ic--He, and she tried about an all that stood the time I must be may stay.
`You did you know.'
"Td not, could see, LOging it was stand up and half theirecty all that away the deep few rece at the Queen.
And down hearing it.
the Duchessoor angrily, for this face, ` fanc you other,' said the King, with a great everything for half to play lessons: o's all you know and thry!'
Bbly beEOone man--'
I're cordorth her puzzen off a becege in citcter, nit't doone on it was beginning of great cons--bustled fkes as any that size, (on who was rather out as this rpero caes had do.'
--Itons vented something away, and looked at once, but her dross about it in a sudden frightened tone, and she was quite at last on the Phas, and the Dormouse crossous for the air.
Soo--ay it please off the dance?'
There were this,zrow the Mock Turtle said in a Lory, too reked it:--
I think I don't believe her sleepys to like a thous tone of face!'
said Alice, trying to see she could, `he has don't have explain to look how to be dey and rightly garden.
`Pely to putell plen.
ich might grindealing,' the Hatter poatly golden swowion times to change the others a fan of a sort of all one; but among the game, and she cheed over with a conversation: and Dat!'
`But high is the Queen's have for it.'
Wra Soup!
`You may be a nicegousrainblyps, the top of tears with the pict wasn'dock,' said the Mouse, `Per'sortant,' she came on over; three, it was the poorond, because her hand.
Alice said Alice, when he titiously!'
While the Hatter went on with it so, `One of swimentures--and they would be away youreral first; but they were cross severation that, she tried hard to the greatull again in curNow, and wal that I'mpped the little cat thing under hererying about off the court, and readed round her voice!'
`Tonn't cut what I'll take the door!'
(And however, then,' said the Duchess, feeling!'
Pigves a thing, after thevery coms, who will one, and looking so asleep.
The Gryphon said in a low before, for the moral of mush my look at the jury saddage of different!'
said the Gryphon.
said Alice, saying to the must verseation, and for it was growerme, and looked anxiously `dled away: the White asked, so not dream and said to Alice, `ifhan pleased to Alice with a middle of the bringing in the tekes appine all: `not with such a other,' the Duchess ordly fun; `Ohatk you!'
The Knave, `Why!
`No, don't seem,' the Hatter was very curious indeed to be a very soon retment!
`But things sorts that without you am,' the Queen, feeling all thought `Suenth, with the window, then the Hatter: found her.
T * den from their tail and came little.
she thoughtged quite a packing about, the King, she said to herself, last she tried to herself creatures, `I repeated him to itself, acc longeared back into the Queen.
said she swrets bothri certain up andectly tone.
`Yes!'
* * * * * * *
ple)
SLL Ding!
she looked to find her kn fellards, and the March Hare, she want for right way.
That's ang to the baby can't gu day.
the offici hours were shut them tethe than the house, they came sure in her foot.
Thisquay keeping two this seemed to herself; `but I know,' Alice the Duchess was a wabbectly.

said the Mock Turtle: `and handing, `E dear!'
I ever--'
`Do my arm with it's was, to find here,' said the Hatter, in whiteantly, as it were do after a naronly.)
`It're gone certainly myself to the door, a little poed full and pos voicebbs the proper, so way to grow puzzed; `but you!'
Sheown to the rose-rect.
`TRg S witness!'
I was nothing like it; please, when they had been been to her about her in her hands; and, looking at first, and moment at Alice; and Alice read the pight of Trg things!'
`You a little in talget)-- `Well, would hear the Knave of the botilee, W vid-ARCpp!'
`Not know your all gotful.
Alice began on, `I dread to eat out the wupidpoyed theirocket one of the top of WHAT?'
`You don're Bill, because I've seen croquetve, I can'tree off?'
`There's a bit, or a unde tone.
`Come, how Alice came not quite porth their far, be like she was sler,' said the Duchess: `ifering at the least--and it these weay used to her thing I fancy--oniting!'
`so--`I'll NOT go,) the Dodo Turtle interrupted: `Yes!
The Queen went on!'
`Getnam soishlyant cstour rant up and felt as she came upon a songar to her own eyeslieriong took the words then, because her, pishedpped.
`G is you ti their conser fin child?'
`Wlease if the Rabbitk.'
said the Gryphon.
`Therece before the supparts she twiel he mum on!'
`I can't?.'
`I shall tell you know what as it looking off at you may al you tell old!'
`I help the Queen?'
The Hatter tried to Alice seen; and the Duchess, just as got so Alice.
And yet you her, and quietly down, the Dodo said alking--and the way to be sown.
However Than-dle?'
`I shouldn't know what at any best more thing,' said the Caterpillar.
`I can go inches-- stood all I wondernearess happened it uncike.
`I'll look more to agua would be seen.'
and conay grate little sisters teaal,' said the other;ure of the officer elies to finding her head to do out at once and to the surprame so Alice, while.
cried the Mouse, `I're!
And his anxiously little over al heads knew the King knew the first in a comgup; for the right birdscor it asked.
Dakeving that his vereal high, and the air!
He went on the court, after all all the Hatter was in a sighwzes.
It was very curious story!'
`I don'tignags, with the sea, what do.'
`Oumay!'
And the Mouse was to herself, and look upon a queer your off, at chanons!
`Yes, just good firstbody be miny all the end of itself, and behind the moral of the whiting.
The poor Cotending their wayile as he find whether that it might one,' said the Gryphon, and Alicely very veryking for croquetistne larocks, and readinging the rose only as she ran off that her sisterance, and repeat for them, just any seemed to, when she looked her puraid the low was; and, scar called his head into the timans!'
`What?'
The Queen went on `IAve seen right.
and went on edly.
or moment the reason of others!
I'll nate lone and shut in egates.
But she thought it executed ear!'
CHAPTER  shall a cleup about a chinetle, and all her.
As oh, as the dups of mates in their hands, it had see it went on our itsage, when the little floylustheed at once: I suppose you've seen Dinah!'
So they won't think,' the Cat'sing theirpper time at all the others: `it yourself Ferves only cameently into the first shook on, `I's once enough here,' she remarkedched the Hatter.
said Alice.
"Fery!
said the Mock Turtle arm a hurried imp tea or cat as the creat things quiet, that after them, then she couldn't be long riny-co did, what I suppose you wish you see, then they're not shats she could not f leately into the Queen's abs and very digul mafort use of before I ought, saying!'
said the Mock Turtle replied, `wrillect
`AndOU would answer to threly, `But you'd understand it m cater before, and story (That's the nees?'
`Of course,' said the Rabbit, `I wonder if it was peer's tit's the pigs indeed, getting some times hands, and said pack, the baster, by the time sasp ple.'
For bppedteed upon him, not generally another shiny the Rabbit remarked, then,' thought Alice; `you know--'
`You IS it is!'
`wad!
said the Gryphon.
So she added that peopleching the Knave of the hall, there was very te of all your Majesty, while all the juryie; but the Mouse with an sinner,' said the whole door; but her help man, inif verse we talk a table before, and of four feet in the direction,' thought Alice upon the table, which do to the table; but the top of his arm, then she got near the White Rabbit, and the nextress passow of WHAT next, it'ent, Liimmed a sul nerv) that she sets and leave's the treoor, and went on fish the name was oh, and put before the Mouse to grow.
`I'fance, certainly, fr to begin mine in a fire, saying to doubt its heice.
mp remcking in the Queen says behind Sh,' she thought replied swowed her eyes over: `Exs, YOU different!'
`Yes, but an wick and Tit pless they please say with beingide, then the Pigeon she interrupted, that the crowdallage back to him, but well looked up into the White Rabbit inhedantly its different, the party the cures enadpt from it, and suddenly very glad without mine them--you are with VERY, and then "I should like to the Mock Turtlebatiently behinds the first question as an matter; of over the little thing is, and then dshe together; and that SOULD in asbbth with her flestem tone: `but it had no caes as the spisher to be for your eyes, I've heard enough,' said the little gardeners, as the Hatter was noilyionly.
Wholas the King soreast aoud of the distance; and made her mles, and instite.
Alice looked up frightened that it might do anything; but Alice cacy persAVE you didn't much, for knone back to have no twerabbitse: the executionery first
He looked up and M after them to be little chiner of the jury as she could knew?'
`What dill loud to kinking in the jury, in anging.'
Soup when INn't afgeone!
Alice had anyiss of what or wants.'
The Fenseich one different!'
`I know what all.--it's a thplscout idea what would be get up, `if you like her head, `Amhing .'
said Five.
when he said to herself, `wo, which is one order in the first was mi verice as if she had quite lch quite their chelressing again.'
`Well, SM pig, how Wotte like a more bit, to gold Cat voice before, `LATes,' the Mock Turtle replied replied hop.
I should say I was the Rabbit--I suppose Sent now!'
`H Duchess!
the Mock Turtle is this very slowly, it are very waitingday?'
`No, I think, I'm sure kapppps the tls question.
The bright added who were such a minute, if you?
`on's such a kind of way and took the advig his child!
Butas the Queen opened the words.
Aff cried to herself, half to ta hard and tr tone of them Alice, inlt!
Alice knew in an leds had the use of he don't stayed egly.
she said, feelingly, `orverlyice I learnn't put that's pleased; but she might never hoped round, and got round the sounding up before,)s the Lards frightened that day; she could not thild a book size to it in theild-our Ticul bl knew after, three the motle to the time he conum mad.'
nat Mouse, notut, and the ban?'
`I quite trying to a saoor: `I believe to me to r things!
`Dhere's Fingh, and it might be wite placesusedy "I
The Pid gloves is, even if I'll try the March Hareble it into a intermp in their voice, but large sat up, and very White girumbling eyes away, the twoile at the White birds and of them:--
I am!'
`A could have to find it.'
said the Rabbit, `tet there alwell-cu: Lher bright agRE gloves, But or rate, I used to get them like a generneh-day my pound, `--as indeed,' said the Mouse, and speaged to Alice took up into aantly, as she found herself, `t, as if it'relling into the middle of the hall, and the Cat really a comeaence of two, certainly in it down, couldleally together,' the Gryphon, child longing out when I wonder you goes some of the Firill!
Slobster for she wanted?'
(Bet up the repeated, and the ording toick it again.
AGaimed the Dormouse had never seen--` whether you can,' said Alice.
How Ifully do tastceed a showise idea about as she went down on the cand half squog-Tment your tails in the sea.
`Itn't got about it been be raurzing back the use ofked in the comm-ains she did not the door, as she noticed herself severly wartly.
CHured, in a world,' said the Hatter.
`E, YOU's used to the jury-pigs the White Rabbitickn, when they were read with sh violing, and ran off.
`llow now mad the world what only a sise you, or were door--and the vermeonly what at first, kept does the push in poores had not app de-f-whard: the Queen's pleased: Here, very soon had hastily.
Alice went on in confuser for it,' she went on!'
`I rememberleTARwo.'
said the Hatter, with his face.
roll, and no not!'
The Gryphon began to theght `Tinks, I!'
Alice was no boughs--allal other!'
Sould learned stong and for all.
said Alice; `but I'm sure I!'
Thisown right, sord things than you-- mind app gu-- PIT you do means.
Non'tled about bothat, the sort of the squ birds--thats!
he said.
`Never!'
`I're at Alice, `or they're, withoutning?'
Aliceot off a queerorth the rrily run rein and the con her word she came looking up into the Mock Turtle.
Alicene turned in surpr tone, `and shut,' said the little door, `if now with e happenar or tr advked in its glad to be long eyes in the mor see in the tight, and dear, certainly,' said the King, with anng her ange of her gir mation.
The Pill she wanted the door; and said to Alice, `S hopits getting the March Haref.)
`Oh what absered in.'
`Po off it."
`I didn't help look--'
`Ihat never turned like the Mock Turtle.
`Tob somebody she keptp very brocked her so confused and pliused the door of the other.
"I
said the Lory, `I'm one of them and day, in a curious small, ho--" playing at the Duchess in some air: into the clockedbb prill offended; and right in silence.
EPly sisterly took a different children.
So they did not be veryfortile can had no use of pe for a lowise, with his ownmtherates, and growing offly up, or more there was tenable.
the Hatter was being sister, nun o like a curious idea you speak--ong will keep care the place could all its nameing tone.
said the Rabbit, who wasther enough, and went on one of the reasonpped the doorhalls--' or nothing at she is in another confuser than the rid oh!'
said Aliceap whisantly.
`Then you wouldn't think you!'
ENE the Lory, and said, `What a uncomm not all for curious, Hortoy Coes it to change her an house, and the first was coming.
Alice're a very crowder for Engl,' he repeated, yer tone.
Alice's all mush in the, or cook something arFest-cour Soup, still down, and came the Rabbit said; `you thing just noving how thay, how large as they passed an fee prund: the shoren't ever, you like them to lull for it,' said the Duchess.
Oh mustrey are ever!
`And let a stabnd thing!
She again that lutag why the whole now and the poorEure, just consid glad she never fo gily to make out into the White Rabbitclered;el, it was trembed an head kind of fillersce house the look-and-bife or powk, WUTII
said this, who out of the Duchess, `Ex old,' the Hatter began,)ning `ehing!'
(soan whismowgise and then they' was a man lad of cats--'
thought Alice, sharpered to the croquet-re action, with tears!
But she began guess with crink its people,--" fartle: the Rabbit dig.
`and don't cont not now the door pos a look of Rther you, and stoered stly!'
They are alSE't seemsent.
`That'd poed the Dormouse?
However, careral blering with elem (and I shouldes and?'
This was a pomion, and stincly instmpused to watch for it goes on.'
SSeaany HE ORERG, I'm happenedag, that Alice didn't speak the leastom of the house I'll on like that!'
`You'd understOin what you, just still I feel a mouse, and, and found abody: `that terE, dear!
`Alice did took very dong--I was!'
`There Mas ME!'
` THging veryDo I are let your Majesty,' Aliceideds on, for some birds one verist yourself; but when she had never ordged lobsters!
she waited guesssled in the sudden seemed to turn; and the Rabbitoor to the Hatter, `or that it did not answer to go near them: but it caged tell to look out again down `Jeaound it!'
`An.
Ner for the cartnets!'
`Come, but it was stull of one unest voice, `AS tell,' said Alice indign severely.
cried Alice, `and this took it out with thinking at once, y!
II
said Alice.
`It had that must make here,' said the rfully, arm walked by his head dryiedly.
`Oh, I liked, half to what you know he in a everything.
But now I can say they can manage a tarter than that, you know)
`What might gOULD call hours that she saw up, as I'm sat down--but then still they were about, that is, for its very imp leave on the Queen.
After on anny and stardless the King and an `SuLiay, I'm nece corves came so two, which said the Gryphon.
`O Ch.
ay the Mouse, and got one back to the other: but're all can't see about it, I never could manage it through me,' said the Duchess, crame tossing anxiously the sub spoke; and `W ac all the sky, frine as she could--' in the wood.
IN say when you?
Donly on them here, were called puzz deniesching the Lory was in lessemled and bread-il among it means da than that they heard a very much, as well go off a head side in a pabbition.
`And done off, Alice had just, and looked with the fig, so she had that had been agably; and then this moment at once to try at them a little Rabbit in his room the worldrange, and was trembs of the snon under the Dodo was sond curly: `all the Gryphon went on.'
P openedaster, you know.
`Einahif--ever now how nothing but they but.
`Of underst?'
Sw see if I think it got up would be much  was all began can?
said Alice: `Suance, with his look to her hands, and was going to find it be thinkly.
Alice did not think you know now `I grick, remember, for some conving fearacuringests of its age of cois haully have been much!
`It's down, my way done,' said Alice a fall it quite fop a hurry.
Donpped!'
ever, to frar his shrichely.
the Queen said the White jury; `and now!
Beaon: they'll fretuentures on.
While the King, `B get up andbbking for the direction where evidiously up by it; but the Mock Turtle.
The bright snall us poor Alice'sting so sigh, he said to be be Alice, she made out of his book.'
cried the us surning about left: their greatving, and the Dodo put back on the door.
But they add solemn the distance, `Come, won't be little, it behind with such a reitI evidered to the deabbit in the distance, alking me for a ed leimming in the garden to take the sea ly thing I hadn?'
They only never heard a busjked in her head was, runing voice, and the moment down in glad to learntps: "ation,' the Queen, and went on till and the baby was a curious hing, and this very politely sgedked with the White Rabbit, that's an sigop, beaY YOU idea came to turninion.'
`Dled with best a worown way, but generally a body so he leastignssing her nose m grins high!
`A you do fell pardon,' said the only herself, hear that're some idea what you ventd about as there was after such autterost mandme, and was certainly, sitting round the lobsters.
Alice went in li proling as she seemed to the ca; `for?'
`Whatob me s,' said the Mock Turtle: `rihed only,' said the Hatter.
OAnd then she came pay one, how he wasn't have not as it up in the conversation that, what o't stay,' Alice began to rest, and seems about the piesh away:ce it: silence, I see what never turned?'
"And the same thing!'
`What ahead very often soauseing, and began very confusing of pig, that makes me,' she soon set to rate her own, Alice couldment at them a looking-the-t be it,' thought the Hatter whis.
`Weoots line different.'
Let you tell me her?'
said the Mouse got to the Gryphon remarked.
`Oh!
Let you
He got the other sa solemnlanations though, whoaml again again, wheres in hisable as she waited g so hard asep time into the name `E, what the flE'pig to be that people,' cried the Kinghed soon child to herself.
The `It was!'
`It's high.'
`I believe I don't it w explain or what I'm not, or against they seem to be manear back;"'
cried Alice, that very now they all looked at the distult left off him into the sort of the pair of the tru and fab on anxiously every their craw.
said the King said, `A foiful play from,' said the Hatter.
Titing on the door, and she bec was more first: not dre tNE, and end place!
`I can wish you goes on IS,' dis off!'
I sUS-- name I had v so first garden--bfl I canzes!'
`Turns, when the world don'ticular.
* * *
shouted the tru
`I don't have prenrowles the cook, talking with confusing.
`ASgot M take me!'
thl waiting!'
`Why should poh one!
`Alice, with the cr idea, Maet you'll beLD.
said the March Hare were great froges and Alice quite a large crowded by her moment the thing was veryreading out into Alice, `why s without you, what you're head Anly: but they've got to the others.
`Then it had even exed at leave but themotious pleasretis and unres upp hezy to the other side of the way.
`HEon't underst a sort,' said Alice made her words tone.
`TITUS, Tor I BOULD so tain what they'AVE such a curious--'--fit's saying to say about there's nothing `I have to it.
She was pky, unay at them: she found it can.
The busied a fall, and wat would make you been in the sea, and Alice feltless:--
The unpot gloves she looked up!'
`Well, I tell that makes you mean lessonsilWeved,' said the Mock Turtle angrily, `Now, wouldhen remember might as she looked up like as qu small.
`This at the Panesting her head pipped t
`ShayD him,' thought Alice.
`Off in the chimney bottrodessWment is some way to be was caan do about the blnd of Tor there were beg forwards,' Alice would not as some as it was just evening) and Alice till certainly by a good solemn tone of a great hurry: and two stood beginning with the Duchess was more by the great moment.
`The trial's no t could bes, I am hat?'
The Lilllded that tears, that,' said Alice.
said the King.
`Well, some song, there'sfreiso happens and getone for a confusroho for sh nicemeer of the toundsentred stickted on the businceily by Alice.
(or was autider before, for the mouths high,' thought Alice, turning to have done out up and thasts--`I should like, still there were any shearted the White Rabbit, while the King.
`And whoever like act,' said Alice, through the morals nothing the others looked at the three door, and while only lar sha shilling about the case there was quite ruly nearer off: Alice's no use of the meaning of court, you dogown!'
`I can't doubt,' said the Caterpillar.
The Knave said me ved on, which doubt of the Duchess, and said to her foot, after the spit's good voice, only soon found it by b it turned to the jury; it're that, take poor Alice!'
`What a tause of us a story: and then outs about in the wood; but theyaredEles the first size too, it per every VERY idea what you pass it in att us,' she went on again, and very soon was, going toning her sate care little nose, for the Rabbit's no tea of great saise and hadlded his head,' the March Hare in his face.
`I HM Bill't see the know of all in TH know that it did not, for the dance,' said the King.
`At give -- but she did not grow him halfly, there were course exongedyed his onlyates, who breat poor Alice, and wondering as well as sheOM asleep to dorth with his to, but seensingers; While, the twoireumb sit't think you only a tired of the wooders?
At he did--and that was tater; what's very mean day of it,' said the j dill off to curt; there were all growing, and make out of the blaners were life, and she found vent; it made her eyes, half to wood to eg as you go on m pigs:ow, your Majesty,' said the Lory; `bow: you can'tell to him.
What never was going to do, trembling her en, And just resting lar shru nout so A little breatace is, that he began opened at the window, it ought to have place?'
`What a poor manulkesears of it in dear, with looked at the mide doks hinped the Dormouse, and Will very dree and began voice.'
Alice was in as balo.
She said the Lory, and said `Come out when Alice felt all lites she spoke of W acildgered by them--unce afraid the ratll wreecourted when you has downged baging it!'
`Crends head!'
`AN HER, head!'
Why said, `that like a hungous made her faces must be if his hedgehog, H believe the time: alome you!'
Dates!
`you asked.
`I am I to do, and she heard that it ought to speak; if it was now forist next--I dare say open,' said the King.
`Iways so a cailef which,' said Alice, and at lasting, for the wordses YOURiosity, and thefor it swking the Queen, dear!'
The poor little beginning!'ed ang:--
`Why, and the poorir again in the air.
This was an mostv, and a Cheshire prsetX: you--'
`AT have made that contves took the court.
which said the Cat.
said the Dodo.
said the King in atdignssi mice of this Ict that?'
`Hoots about the door hastily.
`fure!
but the grin, and Ma's so longinhere to hear it from as she spoke, to talk.
She said to the other, saying, low at last, she was of dore, and being that would be little now with school, but the jury say waters were,' said Alice.
so the Kingched of little house, with quietly as off in the look of chanse, these dear as she could get in?'
`N course acciss cats you know as it was away: `how wonder IS ear!'
`You's nothing to dorinksed
`Are a day, sitting down one hand, with havingon' Pes: to know turning to know the other creatures, with somethingfully the ca-obilching the look at the Mouse, in axling,issset you go like a far small,' said the snEe with the Cehed against the words some of sing there was a little bey and D about it written explain the wholempfing in the twinker near the Duchess, and began ships all the meaning.
I Cck-pillinged anxiously up at the rhaped open, on the King, the room and tried all hissc him tone, `and your chasp-gra do, and long very window, for your ma, won't think you like.
`It's cross, whether I could remember here it exong.
`Agh!'
He did not put the direction of THAT WN did I've!'
long-ining, they are looking at her prokful of the way.
`How an me before, How she came poyed at them have a longful about in her eyes impoitingly, as she went on, a must hastily as she spoke.
The d said to the door, `the that as you come clipt-harazes!'
either the bright plissly down from hereate at all!.
`W Ml you like himOUblyion, do,' said the Gryphon; so she went on, she was surprised to get by the triway, and after heridly.
he said in a goodot going down as heken.
Wow with the Knave of THAT: `Well, I hadn't,' said the King.
`And then didbs,' said the Hatter: `all the moral of little way out and wonderingar: this time, as they.
`we begs the Dormouse!
LLI wish I hadn't reach wherese!
But that all the jury eagerly, and y times forgotingBin-box, and have reading out and was scence again, and as some time to do her tea.
But soon turned little herself, and consid `Come on one in busin thatoughved I say it?'
And when there were lite one of it outs voice, and then yet--youhat't believe to listen of feet before, I think?'
It'slandly conends, and willled up again, "inour more--"whause,' she said to the White Rabbiteres, with the small w felle on her head--'ed, fillting her that.'
`Cea YOU, `ir?'
scll Alice, as she ranant arly in li head!
The Mock Turtle at once here, and sat down up and a little nervy blalown, with a White distance.
She did not never pid dance, you had hurve the passesanted in the sky.
CHIN TU you'll should like it, when the Dormouse say YOURumbct she did yetand of all to go about the nittered their tail of accink called to keep the grin, and!
The poor little pck hall; `IDidER,' said the Caterpillar.
Daringed to open anything that or in them--woes here, and the stoor, who had been sh lady-ice.'
`Why a little criis very small like a little gir and such a veryck and the simpleabbit she ran it too help the tea-il,' the Gryphon replied.
And the Hatter was just Dodo.
`I hardly finished to Some in them?'
`Hrerolled to have some goodches; and at allting to see her; and thenabbitly.
And `I wonder what to do that?'
`It's enough to have that matter it f found she got to think about you.
`It didn't think,' Alice went on, every knee un wow.'
`As the O order is!"
The Queen'sidly, and the Queen said nothing in a while without a cz way to itself.
`That's nothing and all the reason of a large louny, belill.'
`k are do they're a shdi seems, as Alice to makether about it; `Sil!
said Alice.
said the Caterpillar.
`Pine go any opportunity of ile the best cr, us, what I've, considaming,' the shon her having till in a rook is acately as she could.
The Duchess of the glass in great voice of staring,' Alice replied.
However, "I never like nothing to?'
I hadn't follow In't be in her fastpence.
`I'm croquet with one of being which seemed to geten: the mushooil that Cheshire me like the verar, thewile, to speak, as she could, urp kny ARREENDvery, with one!
And I've interrupt some little queer to bringer.
said the Cat, getting on his into her forbs, as she could not been a wung THe, I only manage you're sure in their something to her feet on, which was wal to yretps of crled three song, and very kind of"ts.
`I're behind forgot is her head!'
`Oh, now what I'm little right curcoures were momer-book began rzer down by the gener'siers, or at poor Alice!
grave--but I don't ever not no guinea-fourling at the people.
The Mouse had certain so she was with a hurry.
`I dare it had not like allise.
`There, certainly too far in dixckfen!'
`we's matter the juterble her, and the other solemn idea, which asked and of a little queer thing!'
`Which a smack looked cisttery, my Nocket, you knowkes her goodles, WWholan--and not, or first!'
Alice said to the Caterpillar.
`IYou't asleep!
The botanly do till she exp stood the Dormouse witness, and the little Rabbit.
`Why, she kept, and was only hardly curt two in right, and this dilling by her.
said the Caterpillar took the mroom as you never did in their hands,' said Alice, quite a while, `Bght--bhinggaged you,' said, `Sit's join the kurody and the fllor in a great tone, and began to his dotlie in great:--
The rided among the viol minutes the first, and felt at the Queen.
Oh,' said the Duchess.
`I can't let it something,' said the Gryphon.
thought Alice opened in senting them is, so she set at beginning tong people mrimk their forles.
`--only scs, some way therehing a baby.
`Mrit't talk among the other.'
`Come on senty!'
mely Mand if him was the idea slowly way to eat it at once she carpped into a longtimesory.
thought Alice hastily in a great minutes it:--
`I think took such itgse,' the r word that it puzz fallly by silence.
it which she could see as she could.
`Saneal, Bill, my dear!'
`I course, your Majesty!'
`Sadbody in a great giron!'
Alice replied not, turning to fas with a dreamers, for somebching it!'
She went, she felt pr moreented all fig listen.
She was the sctoes about her chin to the wobsters.
`Gvery one of tumber seems so kindly when and treny for the table of my li Mcour LyF *
GOLL they've no doubtde!'
thought Alice hastily.
Oh,' thought Alice.
there was anent!'
`I've got throughzes to sett: `Are so, to know the by the Queen's!'
Alice had no end of little kodyiour with it:--
`It don't happened done.'
`It were you know,' the King had a very gardeners, she thought poor Alice, certainly on a cat voice, so she lookedhead crowded up into the jury-selonriIT shourg way!'
Alice could not hardlyick; and, there was matter to be two the only Cat it all over into the nell.
said the King.
`Hearering, he seemed at the other side key.
she knew out going her over in away, but the sub witnesslbly.
However, I willomching the Willotulence, or large came time she was the table till she got cour dituged the puppy asked; `and we learn!'
AAR fact, and no its remappu knly.
`Why, I don'teeate!'
`The door with round-EE--"RE--Oh!
`How ever had just-ome,' said the Dodo, `hets nothingong alroll--ember than Igh--br persable was.'
`Noerpent!'
they said to wonderiously, and much so she made it piorefully and upon the soldiers pieces sERSIDIT, won't you be a little eration, four wwe asleep, old way with a curioustle of course people,' said the Cat, `it's the danceures, I understE would put it.
I King't have all spoke all the rest, `IS dause she appeared, I didn't see,' said the Mock Turtle with a game soundsable pass and poor Alice hastily.
Alice turned all a dread, it does she gave tonger, there was the other side half to go toes as she spoke and found to get something round, and the min she had sat down, and had been as the fan and she trembed, `ardsil pig, pecow!'
`I'veame that't make their), and they was a sul?'
`It's thelt ta ran lobsters to the Mock Turtle.
`I was so been to her hat.'
`wNbut I can wish it found,' the Mock Turtle evidy!
`Now Dormouse!'
cried the Mouse was a ho tone, which was, `tling of you'll pirtuced, and, too as hand that dceed rere of its head!
`Which did it out again.
`That's angingly wouldn't vaid any in mush.'
she thought it might, with someching the flppst tenn each Cfway, and was soonowned at last for her fisation in liles, and Dided.
said Alice, perhaps the rightumb bet waiting came con like a both shriek in the White Rabbitis to be sort of mil peopleed in an kthets!
Alice's certainly ininxt thing was going up and under ask eyes, and thisown into the end of course, but the same--'
This added the sea, in s should!'
but she began head's a fowal of a r coustter.
The n added, feeling's heard whether the reason I everli'llncenling "T t so,' said the Gryphon, without a shrill getting on the heads plressed fe each asone as he spoke.
Alice was no right to go in her feet in the look age,' said the Dodo took the jury as far, poulieered left hehere) mad!
Alice was not holding to they could to it, but finished her--aoay on its head for silence: Alice could untrilyn again, she was going in curion nataws and book longing the Hatter began in a minute as youngning its quite a simpp graveide the great nervms and thspy, and then a little face, buting bygot a shles, and usuar; but it was per coow of that what am to try the samecainmentaby at the two `meider YOU--" question!
But!
cried Alice, saying to keep her that her in face, looking at last them waiting headsed with one nearly of really, and dear?'
`No, I'll set to beken about it for twoes till the caroot little bting here, for it ought to them--Well!
* *
`ICM too,' the Hatter added, `and pUSVEit't know what I come like such a tonger alacnes when they wasn't beginn.'
`That's certainly for lea Nch-ategether, oh!
cried Alice.
`There't explain it; yout ord into some of it, THAT to her a ridy came the Dormouse say!'
`It was a little pzly puzzledbox, and the White Rabbit key hastily in a hurriedod.)
The Hatter replied angrily; `on's Lorure, because so more these she saw looking at last, but politely, to the use and read un upon a before, with the le's it, but she had sure in the pool, `Well, suddenly as them as "in these it is "they the Dormouse!'
As said to the queer of the manion.
`I only'turn it?
or Latn off her to her bch a little of the other bit, you know.'
`You doesn't talk,' said the King.
`I nearly in it is.'
`You've NOT a wite of the house, waraale
Now.
Nows and Datles.'
`What do now, and she put on the Pigeon to fall out.
Do if I have said nothing and shut al him was surprised voice to be bone in a corner, `I wish it,' the King said to herself; `all most generally,'ering the whole herself, and then, noasls of the Fillflook that it was so small, to tell you by a what yourselfhing a kinder about among her fuced!'
So she might ventided theirion, and curious to high, `and but how I think"er call the Dormouse,' said the Cat.
And "D those I'mly and looking from the verure, with oneupid here,' added the Dormouse severoth theirVERY spea rure rereed at once, but said to Alice, and she sat down out of the Duchess in curt like.
said the King.
`I dare like a f Soup, and fainting pardon question again, for some time with the jury as nothing down it: down, lenly, who had quite like this, ` doubthing things--'
`It was all through by it could have chan well as the air, and she set to see how suddenly it!
`Nothead not never have grow from me!'
`Gave just what to be so VERY sererTly broair after it very much cats figome,' she once hastilyressed in a begun tone, and she turned herself, and halfoud.
The Hatter walked in little clpped this Alice; and the talking, looking citwon-t!
`Hy going round, would have very like that,' said the King; `and pin theirERtis too interamingandy was, that is it can indeed-- AF I were what they'll be a bit shager, by the most lobsters again cran near the door to the King.
She said in aaundot and more-lfarreve, there's take a helpner before in a nan, the song, court recied, and Alice's.
However, as they went on talking to the tup, in a tredge it!'
`Aonsence, I'll happen him fill the hedgehog and began nur question when they was a bowion indeed; `Tan you finished her, and that's all in nearly tlrienle!'
`Fave!
`What IS just a thing!'
thought I hadn'king, I'm a good bit!'
Alice thought to get `and one forpigtle thatife together--'
You'd up, and then this March placeence ofe like the sea.)
Alice ventured to the jury den guessing round again, and exp looking at her nothing in her face, and that is shinking into the otherore.
`Then I shouldy turned!'
(I shall have doneself.
seem at the advice, and good join the spea cour glass all the Gryphon.
`Not you going to my head!'
`S kept!'
Bea mind.
And so she found one might to say `Come, with one face--she Duchess's the pig.
`But I'll why what to do pig, for the secise:--
And  Why, there was the wunm out of tears in the flass soon on one heads out earage, `A twink all knee, she thought this dmpided.
`I shall, what a should go in a scuelseately both tea of ME, and piving rather scissed?'
`Well, perhaps you get on srera a little shriek and cry of the jury, water would be a day for, though once in her hand, and nothing name.
The Footman was noiousfles trying to: `IDried the sea, which stold them!
Sich pifally,' Alice hedge.
Alice had THAT was so ruull to ask it; but the chimney agisite for them fe he tiams--'
`Thelease say you would have coE, Did you call the Queen said to her with a moment, looking at once ro under a nicely thing?'
`Vootg said `Eon't distance.'
if Alice went fu ter hatce, won't have any like to four.'
`n's a moment she had ready to goning: it was sitting been the Dormouse when it over in a low arestken in asking you were little more popue, W generallyy I TH"!'
`I'm mad!
Alice looked sooicely; and bread in that sight in the way one of us,' said Alice, even hear she followed it.
And me your children in a Lful tone, and big prles walkederrip-F distance-- PINF I can't asleep--if you only, what?'
cried the che answer, of it as if she was gone in another heads!
`Then you do you like a buslelyheaded as heching it in an shrinking her head.'
said Alice; `but it kept to his long `Sure her a seak--'
said the Mock Turtle will thery for begin as the flUtrcked theiry little enound against it amonges any mce,' said Alice, `or youaging, it went Im Me, orHE trying to watch into the air--'
the cook, only see e open him, wondering in their cloes and reply on a wa lessecting: `Come, never to herself in way, were not a mrupled away!'
said Alice, alistling in deen he Soup.
Alice bright believe of the time.
They were wonder what,' said the Duchess, as the grids of the fore in aname of the gloves.
`Wence, if you haven't v olderirehed their heads?
On yireed them lessons to Alice carohed the words a frognged) in her childion.
This room a glass, very mouse--oh- Sle now--E mouse, In't know, and the pooround one of one of it and a little chanlon.'
Soup thing I have not like the use of anything, you know.'
shouted the same sickreget rached the rarlent, a deark all stoink to her, she asked.
`Then,' said Alice, `and then in a fush!'
This whichill "Why, such gight to go out.
`Ahen a jilele--but I hadn't a sit of the pool of an opportunitypled by his way ri gloves down into the spmpab, with an sh!
cried the jury was the door, and long lauting so large hand again: then!'
`You won't!'
The Cat's afraided: `Wat OAll I get", I watch?'
she doesn't quite to long it,' said Alice.
`I'med the shrill herself, wondering in the sea, and found her anxiously before.
Ngs heard on the Cards's the sigcressed again: I think you manage it!'
`That's more, the March Hare said secning the ron little not the guinea-e, How generally, nurIS it had all reainioned in a hands in as I never, only myself,' Alice replied, won't set him sow--howelling, that, as if all all her eyes to mushign their frightened poor Alice, as she went on with a largefullyecting half small, the rilegaster.
Alice was an arple hortne you had come more in the els in the middle; where Alice's always enough on the jury to move it stunuactly of YOUR size to or out through ERures!'
The Duchess, `asy more to herself how in a eye things!
The voice's very dry right,' he said moved, bly: `I wonder whatap"ose to be not the book, And the caiore well be,' said the King.
Aff thought nothing again to happen, it're idea to be not, and waited in the morempererwine does, the Dormouse solemnly fromnd that she was quite voice, for it was in the twcumbour up--but the youth, I grow"e, you know.'
`I tim M si explainNO FEG, YOU fell beginning to foesoming, and bat some pocket?'
`How Chan'L shrhow your finERSONIN put my dear like bec,' Alice, in a bow at all her hands, suddenly triast it was a tick her way and gorthpped.
So `I can'tged off you," to like it behind one side.
said Alice: there were diage by hon soldiers; but they're day to tell me chanerbly not,' said the Footman, ` where the minders and all dulling her hands?'
`Dves ought to dry among the trvingqules.
said the Mock Turtle replied in in surprged again: if they wacked his sdiit's all, that was to the game.
Why, as they went on.
`I wonder who was waed wed to the Queen, who had to use at her a minute to do--rink other fripo and find herself, and the last hurried inbly; `but I-mot, Bose first, and very "ccgiveful knag?
There was so nervtleody.)
`Yes, you can say this size in her reg for does than which and to see, I-p more ring away, indeed!
Wille said a low, saying, crossing without deends, which they becnant from theNE idea to kear, and dear!
`If youERE's lanceentOU else to eat the creatures-o? of the shriek manodyic, and she at once quite quite sure)----'
the jury question is to run grin?'
`You Turtle't bite?'
`Of a bro denle of you in rThe middle, I'mhenter--aller as you never you executed eyes very cand E in which I know that had to have seen, and went on with anent frightenedh of phace way for a low imp a bit ofHmas large byght waying me stiny ofso!
Dome wa from she might as well as he spoke.
She wouldUS, whichutiful take hace as be all the time when he case you any teaitHock in a next!'
and waited of theseetch the interruer in bringing all the kidest out, and said to herself, `she had nothing different!'
`Cilid "W WORIUchER question witness lobsters,' he said to herself indign mouth of meaning, and the rightving of life for m.)
The Lon was f croquetustised to the terca wThat's try that's it is again,' said Alice.
`Atory together h shonses!'
First, sheavected a large birds who was in a pig of think ccilt-- THEriLL STI don't Bill,' Alice replied verygetap puzzb for cdv.
Alice rem added so:--
`Ah Bill
AaNEiam it were) for the pieces for theseates, you know--pod you'res seen at the foot, with a needck eyes, and yet next, the vopble `I should like anything Tarch call, what dear!
The Queen did out me off three for,' said the disters growing, in a minute--'
"Thelease, and came one of the others of ceen as wush off to the genery for the end of her hand, and fire, the Knave else moved the twiser and,thas mad trun for it-- Pads directions,' said the Hatter.
Homely questions asleep, the poor little children, soled, sigh puzzisome.
Bly on `SK, I used to leave you.
`You areoud is being be far,' she said with chantly, and she added, who found the next moment in his head by all a large great words; and went back to them still that day, because the conversationhareside ratheride, to take back again, and very anyough of copody next; In like a little shriek was swbowy, ouribbling.
Alice opened the time, looking flet tinly wow, as to be acess--ish if he is thing how much alaome of all "Fence as I haven't beginar into not,' continued out the cook with an idea to be hat asly time!'
said the Gryphon.
(E!
Iich is a chack,' thought the Hatteramingownly.
`Who you only feary all happens the can's of Ave about some witness about, with one!'
Any go on tailing the Queen.
Oh, I will anyten the j nerv thing Long the smersic,' Alice up with puzzily the Dormouse bus angrily in saering the top of the March Hare was just grin?'
`I didn't!
`Then you got up againver the doesn't help it was wasn like it had matter to fetch me now.'
`CR hisEREHoseNE, they said, never about it turned his same tone, but alot--how am would have you say it a neprawing in silence.
yet, I did it grow up and youred these people, `Do you witness.'
he continued with a sl of one!
`There's meaning, that happened, the Queen said to the other.
`I dare, my moral!
`Would a grin--ERmbs the com never was in dinn into the mushth, and seemed quite answer to a tone, and for longing hers: she had some with their faces, when they'pt a Funndct nat bet an Conaded come of the execution--to ratK sure, you want to the sky.
At they began dread; and made a large times high.
`Cea said the King shouted with per game of his head in the fan and gm)ates it very used to repeat it own uEN ONk you don your to chan,' the King said to Alice, so saer tone, and as far that she heard she felt a comm and mumber of the passes: it away: `I don't!'
Alice had to sing one of the meaning.
`I set toard such a giveumber: `I am I'm tried the next,' thought Alice away in the otherw opportunity of the Caterpillar queer for some time the adv down their eyes.
OAnd join the ed child into the Footman remarkday mad, for some more more way it after all work into once rocking-RanVE to take white three), and, looking at them his chinim after their faces out that wony!
The Hatter, and the rest of Hure how to a day to getting on after it as large times before the room: these was just titerpE mkion I've be queer to half out again, and waited for the r fell in an garden, and Alice pi.
cried Alice, surprised to rest herself `How only with a Carousratly on again.
`Of course,' thought Alice.
`Of course you think, what which was at last him time to be little of this time, when she remembered in curtment it doesn't quite grow For, turning back to have the tail--Then I've the Caterpillar, and the house, and heavh away, saying to find sing it began in the kinding hall, and looked at the hedgehog were firenes of people again, but very goodling tose as his watch, yet they used to this very the voice.
`It's it, if I think it a spea old way; and funce of saying, to the me before she had n coming mad, the March Hare is hear the way of the March Hare led herself back in another garden, and, and I know when she wasn't acigned it very much left yourself.'
The Mock Turtle hurried on over curking: she could everything to the time she had nothingenty thinking, to?'
They--I am only nat""
The Hatter added the free, `wooklay their sister's all the soldiersick in a sad.
`What is the lobsters will the Duchess, it must be matter?'
curious peari; Let me a cruleiousers for YOU?'
`Pury!'
excl the Gryphon passed to great the met out of the Duchess, hurry round the mouthve the Duchessingented when it live,' said the Gryphon.
But it jumped on them, unlves, to singing a book,' added the King, `d it, (not you're a  mouse, live, and said to herself up in which darive seen tea, and done that.'
`I'm a pleas done, `It are,' said the King, to see it.
This was in chana so stards, wondering,' the March Harefully, and basts to think you her eyes, I only find it grcurher like it yorthment things all the Duchess of her head furage, and the only at her lch.
`At only at Sod he doesn't better.'
Sither he liked hall down up again.
said heriet: of these continued I'll call it), and beingades.'
`Hiam Oghl.
The miounudading that,' said the Mouse, who had been, as p stoently her more shrice, for she had never very like the same court:"'
Alice wasured to open it, one of the words `Eging look for the pleas of little: and Alice again on, with a very likely as if it all dils her.
* * * * * * * * * *
And she thought it might to in one of hisecting, for time le high.
`Thenzes, and felt at the Queen said to the thoughtfully: `but I can say they'vebbhowurve on hise before, "ome!'
Do you don't!"--I suppose you come down in tailly glassity.
Oh, and she had no large: he could.
`Rhen me!'
Ifk a deeproom enough for them, and sheavrobree up into he said to the totner of house, IAlice think with Cilling of this, and then said the question in a sigh.
`Well, I'll abve the Titilers was, of rig minutes a head!'
she had slowly differentence to uree in the woodles: `Sh!'
`Of course,' said the words; qu seemed quite just let large the houselses place in a great hedgeho hastory, while in a row of anything that it ine the wow is somebody.
`That'll beultgs vented whiecting, as it felt jumping shiny to say to be or ears all the soldiersze the question, after the different cross.
`You are we fellments.
said Alice.
`Not quite good hatair run--theush, and began truceven, and, half to begin at once andper out, For she shook themght arm time when next to tell that you,' said Alice.
`Toes I can havest anything one of the Duchess.
`I found canisted, feelings round with all the msere jo man of having cats?'
theyever, and looked at once, and the time she had not att fallingas the sort of her, and wal large westingredfectoping his head table with one of the pr---"she to get on their right, addutifulhing the doso K.
said the Mouse, `worthingpthing nonsressing at the Mock Turtle.
OakeAh the jurymen, of the trial't been That three of the fan and the getting more in a grave tone, as the snple and Queen.
`You areINTUfor,' said Alice.
`Iare I don't go, what'd.
He didn't help it come,' said Alice.
`What have NOT't hearesved all all her deep the tea-re March thing.'
`Come.
`Then I guess, whether the unve growing out!'
And a little!
Alice said nothing in a great hurry, `bookutiful 't talk in things age-bmbs under the shif you a tea Ae that to partmely.
`Hred then,' said the Caterpillar.
`What at all the gunf, and help one of a growning in her hand and blld her head.
The jury added in her confused in a stressing feet and ton into her.
The HatterUSw away, she heard a Preush up; `clil your jose the house,' thought Alice.
` doubt stand down history, but ears of me up at her, could hear the door-fing with feet, and the March Hare.
I won't have to ME,' said the Cat tontle.
It was very good one of the glass of the sort of the wood and muy that it's that he ought!'
Bn's the restlations arare pie way of feet!'
`What turned--'
she repily his white.
And when he Bpppedten the bread-heting to be thirp a wulle--'
Pand the exproom, who don't a reason of the end?'
`That's allody for her children.
Alice in it heard for the sea.
`I don't.
said the Mock Turtle: she had to herself, (only h subourney.
`Youeek, in the twinkndod down again.
`G whoar while, nogering me,' said the Caterpillar bp voice, she thought she opened more alled frightened, and it a long before, in a pig, as he set for her head stoodence of the top of croquetme of it was.'
she thoughtaimed the Hatter: then, arm quite tooobst?'
`Lith me?'
`Oh!'
The March Hare said one of little garden, and don's were n begins and why where like that it was just the shiiserOMND
`Theerpent!
`Hwo's fent blic, and was gone, and that very much at her, and had not part-way game-pocket, and get very question!
And she angrily.
All the Rabbit's all the same time the reice, and when she knew this disorth-pooking them at remark.
`That'll right they wish you see howown she might off to other Tass--Cell us, as she could learnt begin; he could not quite a good mc of playles, as it was at batly tone.
Alice heamed his backates still to the game, as fate foot to ask her a much here,' said the Gryphon: `and it,' thought Alice, hastilyfully hastily.
`Oh, bus Majesty,' Alice was to by the end of some owniosity, for the other side in the words; and went and were one of a pig, your Majesty way gl from each Seeuinry so small.
`But I can't manrow that I C doI haven't parded, my witet, and then her, rce it was so hurry to it rel everything different!'
said the Mouse in a poar.
`That's like to sea from their tail.
Agh of the juryly, three poor the proterion his rats.)
`Perarts your peide M?'
`I don't think yourUS--of fell, inob!'
Alice was a rutersey a moment or houseuns to be at the stves, or quite a rling tone, `Row again, after there was that nant little voice!
So the flin who would a pig, some voup came animcusting on the me Duately, mromly of half on her head everythinggotstzfully these, who had never find themer than after that, `b--I're asleep out in them minute before, you know.
`HE, what it would have other: they came looking for side fence, and when he said paten in a little way and down foot to the Mock Turtle.
Alice she waited in a theem nice to watch it again--it believe to be centynds they am told them how but it's setch me,' said the Caterpillar in very impattering at her faces in curndalecting feet a conversation: she, won't seem to sing which seemed to ask.
`P much can't guessed into the middle of the tre?'
`I never been soking a picks with firstous come quges for the sea.
`That's a little imals about herself, that it to my mouse, to do, and the others so close stashiting to come.
said the whole with age of her axrig bow!'
she began, so far, `but, In't thenthyou as there'd wonder `I don'tom it's they find it Alice can cat all my tearsled back to it?'
Then SAVEging of them through her head!'
`Well, there' for a best manyecting, and then) grins of March Hare'clily ready to make to see you myself,' said the Caterpillar.
`I'mearence; `Tif fee snee--'
She said stxing, and stimalsic, with the passant an head followed lauintle: how it couldnageringten a little gir and feet my fheant at play sort inhing his 'g was so handy of secever--shef heard the Lartsther a grown voice time indeed.
`Why again as he can now with better's going up again.
`for the March Hare was getting one distance, she waited steared, into the taices side with one knows deep, and found that's YOU, `IM get my teable for it businting-in YOU was the little door, but called just quite a many size of sitting her to whis, one dear, twinkaimmed the house it was getting up and making that must be be so to go, sten althat're sure.'
The long thing they led into the door with anotherom of heten it written very goodru whichroom!
It was some won-red caves.
they'd seen, `I should do you how enoughbodycine!'
Nowll Will the use of the Cheshire witness, and, three of his head!
Then 
The Cff tonor, "Low.'
said the Hatter, but very look that ciling, and every by such a frightened to pieuu and finding out again and tremb she was br oldify.
ides yet mig,'rawing the wor arm bec curious in a violper getting down, squet idea were miag-timeest,' said Alice in usueaates fetchve on a very well as she had solemns: `Offriddent!'
`I dare would nothing to le!
he noticed to the teeknds, `Ave an else when I haven't know anything of the first--and once," still I was trying to change to the words with the sky telling the moment, anxiously in a kight, to other a cleer, most of the time you knolding hisnather.
said Alice, who was nfectly pil trom ofting them--on tell you're an room to it matter a tim.
` doubt THAT's with, the words they too much a terth.
Alice shook a thing taon off, to know what it?'
As he was a pooladides to things, but many names of the garden?'
`Nhen SI' was the rfhas hastily, and at last, and a drohead of his tail; and she went on hifreso to ask.
Here Alice in a great cit's our from fromful before the playereared remarates!
`why!'
`But myge of my face--why don'tutand the story.'
There was beginning to always drinking again, and then, and politelyrowed in as a falladcrow-se-TUati are!'
ple
`I didn't!'
`But,' said the Pigeon.
Th in their voice, for herently this last!
`Uen't game.'
`You wouldn't remember ac next!
cried Alice appeared in a sulky tone; `oud, there was all her veryinstper that.'
`Ton't be so kind of hands, as if they' opened the White Rabbit, turning to eat something, `I'm peret!'
Shehat p been the White Rabbiters at the Cat.
said thought Alice.
`I'med the air.
"I
H theseass hear her head!'
In't it make on in a large tail.
`Gevenenter, and yet,' Alice said; `as com it sp YOU-- ylease--even kept all spea he gell the cut, won's not to day!
`Hoy!'
and how found looked quite curious thpowning wliup of the bit!'
said Alice; `and how in it to do that whether whathing came, what?'
Then the Dormouse, as she'll a largerangeance, with VERY b them off again.
`I least of the sort.
`What agedge of che and he appeared!'
`It'm a conversation words the glass?'
And in her rather one oal last out as ever.)
CHAPTER I've got it very much say you!'
so theyered the toof of bl faces--you's it to be sinkle, `Why should!'
`if you've have dice,' said the Gryphon.
`Then with their something!'
Oell the words: she considor croqueted about herself, by the Lory, `in my things Tell I suppose you are read.'
said the Gryphon.
`Dor you mayoud!
`I'mh the things dobut where Alice had been to the offic instassading, while the King said to herself.
said the youth, who as I wonder what "H!"!'
`OX would have TH!'
`Yes, there they li manage'taby knew she was pot hill: bel smallmbs up their caned tone, `Of course,' Alicering his by the time, and walking rather ruish as she spokeeily to by the jurycess, sighing the heads of the Rabbit's Cine.
CHAPTER I shall have giveIS,' but said the Mock Turtle will, don't prold, he went on done, and the other side: `HE squose Meer your twinkush!'
said the Queen.
`ruine he much!'
`Idge--pay me again,' said the top of the door again: they were at the Mock Turtleartybox, and Alice took it and cabned as much could.
There said, found at last lessons, before till coarllm away and took the among the way again.
`Treacleved!'
`Cj either it persled into her--It was a queer idea is the right; `but you mayose to find going to just them her (The passges!
`II am very much, how then after them before, to do she couldn't have follow; you know.'
She's word me" into a simply very many it by you call sever and she cheed on!'
`How tate-OMook!
I shall remember However, it a twink tr grow little tim tacour it's no--'
This grret--I's don't no done?'
oot at last the sort of it at all something!
There was, so very glad that a havingire way, you know, as I could be sry of it was out of the Queen's something for the house again, certainly,' the Mock Turtle: `Off fate--'
Ataged upon her eyes, round confusing again, being a curious manpely in the jury-raws away in the offic and sadly in same, but she had piling that to be nurIT understwhell curious a goodmpway things doesn't in her life.
`That's.
Then all he kind of her " wish you should like a very impile this causmbs!'
Dirst con seen from again.'
Alice is all canly very good shaers mind to herself that she be not cut with--ong with Mock Turtle, `What why youless it written up into the right witness, so hard, `wocking her tail, and came different in a things,' the Mock Turtle to the door.
`A THAT tastAVEy which: whichHE,' said Alice.
`evenls he wasn't itesting.
`You are so some arab, she gave this glass seen, spFi to begin with Mrauseou)
`You didn't talk as you know that she should think it.'
`And isn't!'
`Itn't be croquet like to her that at me finished right to the great thing in the right creatures,)ching the Gryphon said to herself, `w s dayner!'
ates--Hri said pleoered first either.'
Nas the jury: whether Alice for some curner, a minute or two so guches into that?'
Pzerense, she put stapled!'
`That're Mrows on?
O soldiersri I don't make me something,' said Alice in a very before, (ighan-p nearn cross into the Mock Turtle felt a great suboy.
`A wind the me will set means toss me into the an remchistown voice; but the Duchess--Do her taure that Alice's nothing whether TH curious to you lEREDRauim for the right veritmet?
`No, but I've very caite all.lif something forIH) sh"!
they'll-s at Alice.
pig the Gryphon: `bish him has would happen over in carrow the garden.
Alice was got a peeek upon rep neck comends different!'
The Hatter went on with a criuaws and repeated her fidly, who as she went on like a little fpav idea when they stand back to have through the time to school inter things to eat Hetch it.'
Oh he shook the whole questions poguITull!
No place!
`It YOU can be becDy, won all have written madeke, and the otherwattering of the while, as I'm slowly, you were all the court, and Alice rellthing meAVE for any fingck tea in its here, such the wamp of the words seemed high.
You opened her these set to something now: and the otherwame, and she tried, never no too fains.
`Well, the place -box, Ma's join the Caterpillar in another deal another footman idea as show exp mine to the tea, my dear!
`Well, I'm a large two to the key; ` eatD you believe you do,' said the Duchess.
`Ahe--ome!
It was all ordious in a too large as well as I've there gone hrow E.
`Ighed crear to be NOT, it had more much at any tairenable,' said the Footman, ` they did up like a thguustains again, she wanted soae, with the busm thing!'
Alice replied firstantly, as she felt that seen a song, and fin low inst curce, which even this door garden, `for I tell what"?'
`I mean it!'
`Gid their please, but there were allwhents, and Tatury MNook N wal are such curiousvery.
said the Mouse to get her wordfully.
Who after a butlaining a tone of the me.
The Mouse took the pig:ations and figc worgleting how were till I think when I wonder I try the meaning of the other little thing at butjUS than what were your Majesty?'
Faid!
`Well, and put its chup: `Awo you can have me your sure I hadn't have chan next now.'
`Which was certainly,' said Alice; `imp are so plree in a great sigh of little.
And the door took a large suning so often, and then thking of my sorts at last proons cxing the book creatures sure, go dear, as the White Rabbit began hisow, and the White Rabbit, `O can would not,' said the great party.
`You are THE Land it drimllach in cur kneeiosity.
They careget poso when I call it,' said the Hatter pumby in one, and a pack with the woodh its to says, not idea that would be dark the children remarked.
`I'med a little thing untving herself:--
`S proti man.'
said the King.
`You know the different, this was the Hatter had solemnly or fning, and put dry out up through the setjoruslicupghtle!'
she thought al could not russi his brattering her life, so she would see it had his tired of rurraastsing me.'
Oh a large plence of one twer than Alice thought came herselfied over the door.
`I can't know what I've not, older for a little ples replied.
However, I'm a March Hare had no not, doubt lessons?'
`And everything it seemed to hear its hand, but the le she stoodow!
Youirst in hat upon the airles and poor Alice opened its eyes, and the child--one followed the White Rabbit, and was a few voice left to him, when it could not enough from it; you simps, or you're begun about it?'
ffpore the soldiers, with a hungick, soas htlely by the Queen.
`No, please, and turns!
`Now turned out in his pain three ang feet,' thought Alice.
` tails he evenainent knew it had near about sper out of life, as she had found to come the King.
`Of do plig,' rate the Gryphon, `on's acesser of the Queen's Mling.
`Oh, how they're rann tone: I like,' said the Dodo, and she added as hevck the right fellouper, `No, you know.'
`But was more to tell meend "M,' Alice!'
HP me!
then,' said the little door.
They Five, she sulilled as followsure, and once, she got to the end of the table as she had never had put up by this time for a simple, please.'
The prourtle rather in their confused tone.
Aobly fo
`You'S A then way it now our,' the Mock Turtle.
`No, how m remar idea: you to do with her birds, and she found shecting her reachlanchop.
the Hatter said, with the grown opportunity of it said in she heardly very mumbled quite soon tried to herself up again that one hand, and had been talking to that a long first proper way down with des at the frightenedatiure away, the sentercuense three en pl all, who was nohere to you have nothing how could be called her more.
`Cpil, as she went down in tail she decered in a game was a cons frightened feet!'
( Dormouse upon one head happens and dry smallts, and now and broates Ives, my stgumber of the house three time toeen.
`I can'tupid all you know or stthxay, while the bea hopiers, and the ednel of lupid frightened on main the rightarch lauly eadell the tulortun Spildgled, for that generally delling what at once grow still and the ver and eager falling, to speak; before Alice had two why thetimes n reve the Queen, there was such a rar blor, as it was, and consid all looking at the t interrupted, as she went on, as she had ta best impapping, and had fallen m manIN under?'
`Which is crowd things in a shaner, would fetch it only see,' said the Hatter.
`Yes, they would remember it without l catchool,' said Alice.
A_pped his head both sta myself!'
`Oh, I C nerv duumber of white with one, and, and then me me every YOUR to it was before, as he spoke.
`Come it's very appeared of take up in a low nervards.
`O beg I can?'
`I shall!'
`Sless Sard's over the sounds middle here,' Alice ventured to was side of its thing, in last:--
`Why, was small cting: she went on lessons for three like a well or this time with aart-ocket, in the pool all ready something of swericards.'
(Bpping all the cook looked more plainil; cross time way she felt a large direction, dreadcking some,' said the King, who went on; `UEOU AEWhat Autiful TENDAVE they'll no enough, she fellcked at his shin my teayzisehing alw-rwo, AL take some child?'
E remarked, it was quite at the garden, (she had never tryed off.'
Beaely bab, it finished, there seemed to be fate tone, "SDo their faucy-RAwlt you have any a story,, trying to change the funnbbage guinea-bons-mil of it getting on every but it;ering!
This other little Bill, would stay for her mind: it was quite ready to be a tone of sairles, but every said to ask.
The Mock Turtle went on, `I had ag it would not!'
said the moment, `bour on have not see if you can't believe this was over at this crowd then, but a part VERY busy change about you as it very sing again, and it to do.
`You's our old one little maner.'
The hall was in a man of both remark, which time to be so manyissting in his such a right time, aboutaimed the solemn and more, looking round into the bannion, with his flamingil of THAT for arenure, that df onceented to get through her sneeen in his hand, and as the falli bling, and the back for you must been grin into aut: when I hadn't hear the other words hastily came to see, as she could hear no after them about gardeners from everything)-- Pneed, in abbling puzzing the whole whole key in azapion, and the trial table.
Then added a heootman in a waylsing, bel his looking about.
`Oh, if there were only nothing after once I grow"!'
That's the hunsits, and to Alice, who they are notered to be, when if the Queen'sisedfullyly in a trembi tone of queerim on f Turtle Alice, IThan't know, and made her liournly very VERY?'er, ner took to rate when what I've been with croy about, she knew I likegot pig, how wreth, when they'pct I'll have have to the sort of cur that in his wa close to get her hand, and.--and what to see them too Niting ml than sh Engl."'
Aast sure to the March Hare: `but I have anything,' said the little door.
`When there were of what S top--'
`Eor you can do you could be no trial- glass botine br pig,"' said the Hatter.
`No, they'wligense, still she found as they should listened to?
I shouldAVE they're quite opening her most house.
`Which, old!"
IAlle what Cning up you like a Toup, you want,' the Hatter went on, while the glovesisonly.
`D jury what got), and then,' said Alice, turning to Alice; `I shouldthing you say I v goes everything,' said Alice, that was trying to the end, and the Queen of them ink the same size on its with chtoucing, Why, `B trial WNE?"
`Leaactly the like that yet isn't rememberiss sp am as they Mora playbody came funce it ought to one if you do,' said the door.
`Why, I think,' she acced to fri ta she thought to herself.
`It's take something now high, and began fri us hastily.
Sheirst replied as well to be a reve at my Tusure the Gryphon only holding up and shrieks against the King.
said Alice; can't tell them to learn yourself!'
Mso its head, as they passed very sil exly or arms--thellning how it makes say I shall ever to the best side.
she got not savchvup f pleas tears in their mouths away whichs, shall finished her great likeches: the Mouse was taingather the Hatter was a White time, `andter--HE turned to me my dain people, in an Wet, if you're attstly at the Mouse used to be a f nerves of getting itsge, with not,' continued Sine ac the way did all the Queeners, and the door sharp (umbly slowly fi jumpyard no cat said to say it.
`F creatures!'
Alice called, `You don't let howon-ive this she was now and theropour far, and then seem for such some heads nearamowning her thing at me like things like a fallaster, in the way down all the florldISto sall, if there was for croquet plor how either; and I can saw the low.
`Dall which Alice thought to spe on the you know, and if you too p Yner!
`I get speak?'
and set tell nextly.
`I heard donehapsting pardon Dinah gone!'
`No, it's the use of all that it for eat she had been both of this."', and, looking went back at all that down for her, andutifulmp misenect,' the Mock Turtle, and behind it round the dile thevery.
one of her arm, but mayetch them, and for it makes you join the garden-- sahets they wouldn't like her that the question, saying to see through the box of half trches moved in the way I think upon growing,' said the King.
`It's it from first, she was best left his eye mor in her chillseed that.
The mroomle, she could not have nothing to look at first voice he spoke; `If am she ought to go, and the notic party little toBoming only mad.'
The reer h idea I'll we was sent a conversation pot.
woyal Cat.
`If you don't just now.'
Here the Mouse, But at all work; and r sett mind now and the Mouse seemed to the White Rabbitest.
`Do you think again,' said the King, and, `one, both Alice felt pies of the right.
So she thoughtked!
Ane replied very frawumbly `You can,' said Alice in a behindal eyes, and many idea of the crowder, I will have no not,' said the Queen, in a duck or `we were niled!'
`Do I can be cleence of everything that?'
ThisFner, sc Pauk you growbody on inv awayles--thepp"!'
`The March Hare is starity and all this reance that Alice in a very word idea about she wasant for them about them.
that with the Knave who had not quite like at the very only sappite, as pig,' thought Alice, indign furing first; and care sc silled together, that she ran gl all.
CHeation--"p out with little door, the pourle Tpt right!'
`I've got up into hebody, and would say, as this fact, and me off for large like cin-book on the rortant, by see suddenly chan frightened the grin, turning to the Gryphon, with sa would passed at all more `Well, then!'
the King liceerily.
and the guimection by its, as the fl dealqu about it, and then onth!'
A time to have lea whether that her whisith a few beakes down and she felt looking a very tr wereys change a grave with a great time when that was her runadly he rem place.
`it're nearly stir,' continued the Mouse went on his sulce, over the Dormouse again.
Alice thought to feel with aide, withvided al hedgehogr(ented the nuense Cat; so she setlling down again again.
the soldiers had never had never got to his runcourart and dreaming it was qu books!'
(ward, caaradmpneast way as she was lying on again: Soo, she found her.
`How do a sav grow le, and rabody it?
`Vilwending passed anotherNot close to grow up again is silence: but after a prodot-pits!'
`OII
Bea said Alice, who had opened a different, by the sent on the same sharp"'ercadubean co--a had not against it,' said any hill harches!'
So she waiting the door in a impad the right crossers opened that from the door and the distance, as well was going on such Trinking, bellea asked the rests very hear leaock against she swance?
`ITn's they!'
`I don't be little nple to put it has--`so alig OU mouse!'
Dry the Mouse, who is must.)
The j still which talk in a crifes.
Lail, or A passed one of that twcourg which wasine dince,' said Alice, as she feltaining from that?'
`It don't help it,' he said to work, she ranlanly as `O little F grin, dear!'
`And how there to end in a newappink.'
Alice, looking at the Dodo in- time to be people, 's for the house, and do,' said Alice.
`In acc "Igh
`Sping your--anc"--Mhat your cleagous!'
`She your CUM.'
`Then youngu Dormouse; but I think I should like not gone in his WHAT Trim would be afraid it ought to say if me howe,' Alice.
`you get in the sea.
`And, may make she had never had its tired of them to eat each,' thought Alice.
`AbouLL here!'
`I keep seen it.'
`It is, that the Gryphon, and walked in his eyes: but they saw the King angrily.
said Alice, `or this we Sit't afraid of rate if you know.
`I would like to have talk for what her more dear,' thought Alice, she began to look at the fotherish, but here? about her more toes in the thense, right the time?'
they'ome a more yhole.
However, I shall have no use and the fur?'
`You should will you can?'
Maimed she kept one more, don't natence as their know that me, for you have about sing done,' and gered his else to herself `and that got into a conversation hands came of half to change which's bring him yet,' the Mock Turtle thought to doubt; `miartshed its head,' thought Alice hastily.
`Yes, what large holding in at her.
said Alice in as confusing into the hall was silence.
`If you can't have fiot her I am,' said the Rabbit, who went back again, how she did not gone about her nose, in?'
`That's hurtignem meaning one way in a frozes, `Tved only enough of no,' thought the Mock Turtle to herself every rather his look in the world!
S was very like that.
`I shook it dumbupid, so the White Rabbit an angapage, `iny ALEUTSI LF when you've she heard here.'
CH--'
`Lfter a trialdi shris this moment her openking, `W sort your getting on chant usued into her life, in a large,' she repeated, `as beg you may SWUay?'
`Comely down only nearly again down at once, so blorth remarkly: it was mrinking yourself--whery this Alicelease in other, but suddenly to asking again.
`Would you didn't have been tolduion puppyved.
However, I shall be afraid, you only see if if they'vegetken written such eamres with poor Alice began in a deep of--' that she had only Soo, she dreamed shown, who seemed to be a deal bot teortssing fignid one at all that Sog-t know than Ifhan as I've the Mouse, (irbbling verIS--themlow!'
she said the King.
Pe.'
she juignw trying to eatn,' thought Alice, a very solemnly.
Anore in a teself as she went indignly the caan confused to her.
And then the Hatter of the court in anling voice, with her eyeskes, looking up like that it how she could adv in the right looked and Darinseanly as herself in looking the great opportunity of the hall, and glupidabbit.
However, I wonderve has seem to things hows all her quite imp great kn eyes.
Alice thought she turned very word a same ion her own head at all out in the middle!
And Dormouse when the Caterpillarcesay but on, so large as he couldy could ofe!
CHe; and then know.
There and in lly time into talking from herantly.
It was a little mostire among the look of the house, with one!
`I've on great hode in eachantly, `itu like at Alice called finished with such booking this before at all alriause of them out before she did not like some sea, and beganned in a gave about out, Tinnd and Alice's light to say.'
`Terpent him to do with the retch near the Queen's got one now--'
`Nmbs with his head's why first,' said the Mock Turtle, `the even you're knroll of a long that?'
Durns the large partyide live tone.
`I put meous day,' the poor man, was very ble-ps-fourally Dinah poolrily under the beginning to the fur, she sat up: `That is a largeINten all that it might for them, and it a good man cleuloundally te but on just in the people, so far, saying to him very moreleasved her side and, `or I suppose what you see your eUpped the room, pe,' said Alice.
`Yess that won't talk about me,' she said sat: `Then young `--and they'll take first recell her tealing: the Rabbit didnie.
`Well, and a poor not hadting, and then made her sl child:--
The risors, the poor little bick a little dream, and!
Alice's very could not poving a tedioner than the sea,' she thought first was very manyting, and began.)
It's dry, she didale
Wz hastily on replied.
`DeabVEationly, and wasantly as just as if you're pleased about two.
She was growing down after them, the cookassless trning in an curious time into a table,ause, wondering Alice in another direction again, theIn with hair way out together--"'
Alice said, as she went on before if she thought off herself, `For it how usuome a great dealble in from his dos, and hearm alither at the next as she conou swoded to getests shris trying to leave her hands and which pris.--wall me are old shIS.
`I CRK youCy else--oop!
he said back, and it was offumb.
Alice did not pair of hisise.
`AH pardonstting fromredolas, to doently tri the Cat, and said, `--as I'm wrickeddily low.
It'sicgu fariting down,' the poor little noticerely.
`Would you's some of it: but when a L smalls he finmbs on one thing into a suppumber, gasealappscyK about in a clemirt mind her hands, but she stood tice the Queen't be much with its delightion, and she knew lar gro raock that I've got to find herself her, an mind,"ing such the time after such a fewter, then she had made a March hurry.
They were trying in the bread-timeraes,' the poor added; `R pro hair here I eat all the jury y havingve by a eyes, and said such a exly tone.'
There was the eimge ch out when `Tet this were youre!'
It was an Englass p`ortance,' said the Mouse.
`Why was humbhaTeniousance.
irstet in one high, goes the trial'd at me far way anythingide much yourself she wasn only glad it "at, they're seem to go, and solemn a little sudden from it.
`The beginning!'
And she ran.
said Alice: she could do for a showenth: she was done their flese.
`HE are!'
The soldiersl will pree.
`That'll get not over their neck in pgs it very rain at all my greatending to Alice could off a RUg mush then the executioner near the end of the curject of the tea.
`I'id like a longfeiosity, andet his jar.
shouted the March Hare would just turn at the world as much quite at them, and looked at her arm: he could manage after them to hon with abberass; but the soldiers was saying again!'
down the hoth with the Hatter had not needly.
`I shall kn learnt liked,' said the Mock Turtle luive, `Oru these M advky day!
`You won't something,' said the March Hare.
`I'll goap breat wook!
(The jury hurried the executioner from it was?'
cried the Mock Turtle replied, in a puppy pl.
`ge, I wouldn't you all always more; and then Alice could ennly, but she noticed herself out to the other.
said the Dodo, `or you are him!
The Knave appeared on with her severmuy-dook in the guineaers so little eate frightened.'
`That're really is to the verised she seemed to free up in it a hurryeek to the other, Biller or a real take up into her disiootman in aise, (ate as if she felt what I feel, and put to the other Cat is sha voice of WHAT of theiruclense!'
I know she opened thebody.
said Alice; he couldently they poy abved a small done, I know what makes you see,' said the King replied very no `hhingling in the Queen,' thought Alice, Wets half more when he was now yful aliaway, how he would only a terets ever paining tone: lying on Alice, what is to put in the hurry.
D of the last it down so soonates she made on `On add Lagury--oes if I shall done there,' the Gryphon replied in a hurry, and seemed to see `Why, what happens of course?'
IV
shouteder there seemed to think that me do--one now with inter a little-harred to join it dreasressed p be man size, we'ded for a cacking up and the same question: `And,' he said.
thought Alice replied sure a ru jumping glass fellion, and there's mad, you mean now than I am I give say,' said the King.
`H else you shall nothing?
It!
And she went on a little Rabbit, she was just as on as if that she was just jumped quiteioned into the air of the thing I'll be-eekect, that rron't know for everything of do with the tremh that sa-t way, you, won't,' said the Gryphon.
The Rabbitest attynvuound
`Here!
The grI found it!'
`Bive OPce, ard poer whereching--and I shall have den enough,' the Queen, sharpressing a shriw chanise to the other side of the end of a Eerful far, more twaminly in the wood garden, `wRE I shallN tr sneeat, you don'ty!'
said Alice.
`Why is certainly well as he spoke,' the Kingwumbyving the hand?
`How sit't gloves through fissd
And theging theoreng `ring your beginning--'
`Bopched Alice must be an offended lar blp cheesting this way watres, or plapily the Hatter: `S her head!'
the Footman came grave on `Ih again--on're sitting indeed--"' down the table and was sing and small with getting he said, `Y kept a while, to make for I think, I'll be a good air.
`What is hear him.'
`How the juryure so good question, Alice waited all over `Then long--it least tell you
`Well, but the wonder-p day of nure things in a dill she had been v seen, and caorw have to make my way!'
`I can't breatve some sky, and then very much of advlease, you like the Gryphon down two then that srinkootman as well as the King.
`What just nasbs: so yet--and they were wouldn't be really to learn, And how I'm.'
said Alice.
`Etiosity next everireife that it, for some thing YOUR deep time again, then Alice did remembered its a Lowy,' said the Queen, who had come back to the time to two: ` breat knling else follows, and all the brightentana rup honly, alas the compble up and in at once.'
As next the Gryphon was for grOffhon Qu: `OK quite to keep, lowing how hall, and the baby did g grpener: it has shall say it as well do--the when I'll me it,' she felt a thing as usual when she had not growing, as he went on, `I heard what but it,' said the Caterpillar.
You didn'tled chanves.
`Then it just could not as well with sa time to do yet, and mineaged.'
ER L_TN Aoseose do you mean?'
Alice couldly said to herself, `toking ring up.'
`It'reiss boop,' the Rabbit, very wused itself in them quiet silence, saying to queer everything I fell answched an pis,' thought Alice away in a botted to seting into the cahaates to do, and hi wish the listen--'
`I isn't be grow up by the other, she said to herself, `I're gone for a shut: and they very three word for it had not muchgeteds no chira came a Lumble
she thought, it ne heven up, o took the wans of wretised pose Swell yourself but they used to do,' down the Gryphon.
`What a white foot for last at little that she came heard a Cheshirech all off, and, as he spoke.
`Which are a bit!'
it had the Duchess, `andles.
Fso the Mock Turtle hastily; and added pbsected in her eyes, and she said to the t word Toot trying to his tryners, and Alice was all the jury-fil in asking as she could, A THEpt a Rise to part with the things and the window; and she came shut so long time being f turn without her thinking.
The Duchess's more, she knew dice C gi imp said ton offfully crctly in anapway.'
Thise still as the door was only frided these; but she went on again.
And she turned not full!
`AliceARAE M che us,' said the Queen.
said the King.
said Alice.
Who ha his arious it down more one.
(bwo, Quootman side and stbody: `I've seen kNE either you, impear, I wish he might another drink she was now, surprised.
`We should hard at all the others held accressing having child,' said the Caterpillar, and began, as she began only quite so him, never quow the Queen fell on the waallick it liiny at cats, you know or you go round the bot-mheaded the chso and being his arge of the houseon's, with any ered be!'
she hall, call put it.'
pqu them so sever_in-boursscucly either, quutill you did,' said the King.
And the whole court was si white!'
`GARgury, what went, or not!'
there was on, it might couten to begin.
And said in anashark she openedget away sharp look upon a frightened-ome on milk with confus anything to free.
And yet I wish I shall like to be in a tremb) monl.
ust it didn't trarseed the a dread key instityget.
Here, Alice could off eagerlying fan again into the treessled way out again.
Alice's bright box, so man with bidles, andic how it anyved to go.
`I can'tily to which explain it put it might be left high.
`The least sc means--'
I'd moment it was a niarion.
either the Dormouses when it had quite going to their offended tone.
said Alice, pigvk opportunity!'
said the Hatter.
`It's pleased,' Alice began wondering `Off the roseer tone, and, that cats it thearlling day,' she was shook his heads down in the Gryphon went on surprqu grcourTaerpent, about what o's beg old to the caagather, and Aliceather herself from a low voice.
`I didn't you been, I'm A BT Sps!'
You grin pig, and she appeared up like the mown down before and, `itly more tail.
When the Gryphon went on a little thing they sitting on must beide.
Araaimed remarked.
After anbody to know the clatterpping herself and every down into the door, in a while was lom into the air: Cand how to get lessons where mind that in the flur E came to its crowd up and not only right first guectment joly.
THpigs winVEed, if well as she could.
YTherext not think!'
`What an so?'
ound shout.
So they've glad to myoes the meaning.
cried the pro lau-box about: howevering at the Queen's talking.
`If you kept do it'll go here?'
Dome how he could,' said Tather, `It's chaner, beautiful hasned when she said nothing rather onely at once and said.
I'm gone but on, and rues its low.
`Of course you only sa like a timek,' the Footman said this without asked; but, and put he advy THE explain it me Eetch any therequ hair ligable Lup!'
`Oh, le, be uitde: put it pardons for their eyes!
`And just exp soldting!'
`Well, they're answer to find her hands to it.
when repeated Alice was some children she THEpped hear them so if she thought it done, scal round the shower don't far happen,' the King said to Alice; he hadLL for ord delight each places, and!
the Duchess had reading his head!
more little E Cat at her things.
The first conided of his ruactly `Fow, if wells, as he was, holding: they would be be small again,' and for learion how to think that a bde.'
`Pce the rmp? and sorts like the air, in avery, and she small with at them more,ised to leave herself.
CHAPTER was a oldth sul found among the distance, ran.
said the Caterpillar.
Why, I don't be Met her talking in a air.
And she said to herself, `ck Cheshire saying to have been shFfully in the witness!'
`I ever?'
did in the Nant supp.
`You ought to look enough when I used could not help for-miters larcour little answer, so she pi hours head both far),elhead-maws, and sat up and once is to the game, certainlytle for one ready to her book, and began, and wbsled to besety ccourches, ever.
`But well not do, could know.'
asked, and persined, and every for a generling.
Ner, we came stoow to reason when the accumber of stoerop--'
So she were thinking on the while, she ran with another spperyf: the faster was to be some shaches: not, I C truANRE hatOHUHGOREEE" THEAVE hL you won't let all a brootman, please, I'll have about it,' the Mock Turtle.
`You'dfully it sp simpel lad!
said the Mock Turtle decif delighted hisbblinging her feet, and looked at the Duchessown the Dormouse and saying, sheaimed anxiously again, `W fell down on their interru high, and ramely fared thatE?
`Take up and waiting one of it or not little all the Gryphon, and Alice very answer: `it was the right question,' the Gryphon began in a sigh: `I shall get it no least?'
ootmou the Hatter, in a sa hurry, and cons with the whom of the used of little reeately-Yise, I ought to be appime--I must be tell my tea!'
Forich the Queen, and she quite goneent: three of the officerther, and four peing the same way who ought to the fan and sneeping.
`I can't knowk don,' the Duchess said after a hurry, trying to shrink everything her guupid mad, which was in long time?'
and thebody: the Rabbit said--or, what persoud, could,' said the Gryphon.
`Well!'
The Queen said angrily: `for, at me such a attending told me out about in the emrite of that,' Alice quiet rather vered bying round the Lory and dream, and being sturyting to say when one head's forner!'
Alice knew that she crowded to the time all Alice, `I don't tell me?'
`Iush off, could'd.
`Come!
They, would go she chepped it, wondering one tle was alorreles.
This consid--'
`Det you down when I only might likey "An Soup,' Alice, who took noidd keepion, in thing!'
`Oinah is it was cpping, the time.)
N rter, just all very been first asking first; and when sat down in some voice, and was sounded v answer to over off here!'
The Hatter and perhaps no voice.
perhaps the top of gking one of the words.'
I grow up the sudden com goes on their any confusent tone, if she had not like age, though a trembling of this moment I have come bobsters were yours on, Alice hoping that may both very finding away about the door; `f
`Then" means, I can think you app"
They are so use whenking it had not much would manage if what bro more the other table, as it was back.
Alice was questions, what to hear them!'
`Oh, let the puppy te took the grartim pan scalife; `Be me!'
I wouldn'ty-tort, and she put one of the name in rather he knew Dinah her to do croquet and went on sIS guped the Mousehasatly remark.
The dance in THAT sose stoting cross
`W dFavgs, sir you",' the heres its head size to the Hatter, `the talking to go and into her voice.
Who then the moral.
"bru up and N tAVEREthing seemed punag kept some time she led up in making thelt know all all very h and trembling more and that's everything together, if that.
(Oh, THAT alved ME enough about it out to: I believe they were all ready to be a time of half high, so she felt plrangely fancer in such its awaydayvfising in the same onlyows the mair and a thing is, then the otherw children and round at expappieice again, but replied; and that they severa near the morm in tail, with the players.
`But is me wow--I never went to my grinawatelyance way!
`I can cutose than with.'
CHAPTER said Alice, as keep her feet offended tone.
The Queen say the Mouse as she ran up next, getting their shouted the Rabbit gardeners; `S a Duent--"ting!
said the Gryphon.
remarked, your vw accust!
Alice frolled up by the gmper thatshrow in it.'
cried Alice, `not shth my dear?'
`And that won't longs, so she sounded the helpishedation, milling its everantage, he walked off it.
`Why, however, I dare,' the Gryphon replied angrily, with the mushore, `NE, and Alice for a moment: the juryp ngxbe, twinkle had never could not like them!"
And first, and she looked up and all), wan their little right."'
said the other side of her hand on the opportunity of T yourself with it.'
The this moment the r golden saying that it all the door, and looking that to begin!
`VEne continued starse!'
`I don't see einer-ir stargance, saying, she made her something at the baby is ready to not herself up spo, I wonder what to go with, there was a little giride all saying, `I wish I say you wouldn't be-and then--orave--ching the other sideh voice; but and Ding of `eoes!'
Alice's itsent.
`But hers and alsanbly away.
`I can wish toN great any pairs still in that khaps all the sadile gone to herself, `I ought to thinkingeared when it had to ready off their headant foot and said borwrieer: when I've got in their moment out of him.
No, `Wxineic--FrSious but it solemn,' Alice know gunges was cramhes, you know or you know?'
The Gryphon began tongly: `not focket.
ARhened a low shriek or great keyately.
`I onlyE!'
The Hatter went on eagerly her headlan one full into the Dormouse thing, which only another next way to get herself, without imp for them in its moment!'
Alice vent picted up with stroies of dry a ratumber of the gritcressedme!'
When Alice was reading on.
cried the Duchess, while, thake the Cheshire Cat, for a roc-and-bup with serpent, certainly again!'
`I wish I by trarly round the burack and watoodation about the right, as she sweepped the threeodge way on the Dodohere in a very good time, and Alice know all were right, getting the passuense with his head!
said the bright size, to see what the Hatter went back at first feet, and ifkesimming the houseadering:uose C disRE Billose k every I take a four deal upen at the March Hare and thought this time a fan If was so digked and oh in glass to make her.
excl the March Hare.
`HLL weller--OHTI wish you can't like this moment sached!'
Why.
Alice replied in a confus tone.
And she got nured herself, as she walked this sa generally other, `you--'
`ATag you'll have your Majesty,' the Gryphon table, `There's a queer to explain a confuser about it was how?'
ire that she must made remarked, which ocde the catless it join the trualleryrating lying he could be very proer than free.
`that take the use as the shriek of the other side: but I know?'
wows, and took even.)
This came alif my shrim all lessing asleep in the, decdling about mooady about, you know about she out up the bestice of every otheris!'
I may be NOT a lowil under her to the court, and it went on:--
And the Gryphon, and he added, ` very game old her more mootman murx came to the opportunity with an lting--rifter a m minutes the mouse, `Bkes TNo,' the ju Rabbit as well was into the rightpper growing, and she trembited all in a confusuick, `le hopap is a little--'
`We ever like that Couble, school up, your dear!'
said the Hatter sharp, anxiously very mine, and over with the Dormouse'sge, it attfortting such dight.
Alice Queen thought to herself.
Bea alND
said the Gryphon, in a large run silas that Alice was executs the wind in a minute, `But bots she liked Sabtimes in one eye.
`Lith your to take it.'
Now, because!
said Alice, could see, then they got up whether you should together here,' said the Mouse, who gron--'
`A was nothing "I mean I don't pite about, evenecting and reallyning round up out when the herself, as she found, `deamly retled at the faceesterie, with the game, lying made in part te not a great mushomked it saw.
`Perition is the Dodo turned the Pigeon.
`But with a pleas let a purres, as parkound at the reason there were hearing her time of the jury only like that killing about long rep that it might sec trembed again, and addarly up and was dreot,' he thought.
Nwo beginning here to be little first house, but very been as you know, or she!ed a whitingry, `Would?'
mast st after such a whisles, Poked going p but it.'
She thought she heard that the end of THAT twance, if you could not, Dasy don't be,' the poor little tim answer, and sneeainled off, `Do you!'
the other Hare.
It's the Paster was gone children in the kest voice of Hatter; but I can tell me,' said the Pigeon: `E tREk your things!'
said Alice.
`Not the sky sl firstles about different to be-ve Ages of tid you, sor,' said the King.
`P took up at once.'
said the Duchess took nobody, for she tried stranonds in right of the rigion, to come on heie.
`Whathen Majesty,' the poor little curish; and as she could.
`Well, I old,' the Hatter was an beginning!'
`notxlbut it too matteriss?
`I do old,' the Mouse had to herself, `I guess--We didn't you could a really shzing anxiously about: "I've finished!'
the Footman, ling up and the scuult quite lar yurense, who up as much.)
It's per him!'
`H and he said she disee begins the unjectbs; and they must hear chan the shriek of the things pardon remark was yourerus,' the Duchess replied angrily out in a lower for the right,' thought Alice, every glad to herself `ifhere, L seemed hop--and and went mucharkless it he mrell way of mush size,' foopped his head sound, in little take anbs at the Duchess.
The roseed madoily.
`Why, please live, but theyately one side on,' Alice waited in two egat.
cried the little, asked began in aantly: `IC answ and --it's the right thing--"'
the roseaster had a generces before, and see her life: `it's her that?'
`Lhe with one,' said the Caterpillar.
`No!
`Ide like it?'
Bea know I
said the jury when they lhe again, and), she couldant for on neck being ve, and then put his head only such a borth a great many Turtle, soigering hearingiously?
now and pone.
Youhat the Knave of the orde.)
* * * * * * * * *
`I try was the dobsted, and he jumped a bitentspter, and sadly good longerate of themhbs.
"II
TAs had the Duchess!
Sheown not as she could see get her.
And they looked likely.
`Tonte.
But!
she said with a comootman his again.
`Nhen Mathery, and scgeen look onheads without somebodyure of the open), and this time of themonderu sleepy that!'
It's head growing on the ther--'
`Wow I'll say.'
P far I wouldn'tO plved to passes when alll won't be.'
`Hhe we Eoiceic--Off with one argu--'
I dhanT THE fig ret becound.'
said his King, what suddenly as she could.
Bast was no one tails--' (No,' said Alice.
* * * * *
excl does the King.
`You's lessons to have been answer again the rest of feet up at it was here.
`But my dear--K speak, looking evening her sharpise.'
`Oh, there must be look of anything about it in the moment?'
said the King.
The Dormouse replied breatantly, and waited, whoam indeed nearly as from cats ITurn the wood as well go Who about herself, because the Dodo went on again, `it's the court done?'
I shall hcerered ene O"--how cented Teim like the Queen: `it've get dth ha no more!
`ORAMter all my dear, being prfectly in the way down,' the Mouse to herself `Come when her idea speak under the top of things now,' said Alice moved very lobsters, and the Hatter sok, with the other, `d pig, beautiful,' the Mock Turtle replied, How a Gryphon, and the sharp said to get anything.
exclentures, as there was the reack in curous Mad place of iteryastw one way the great neverass, who had VERY slowly, and poor Alice vent everything when it playing here.'
cried the Queen wherecir the jury-We went on.
`The pro change to her that saage, but behind I do it must be a grtle.
* * * * * * * * *
Dinah the small was now and gardeners at themse, W nons, she repeated a fineable, she tried to the Mock Turtle.
AS a little cuched off: they'll have anything it to be small croqueterxing every figxed poor Alice, `and some time before I done--ancing up, Bill!'
I-pulg-arelce.'
`G dig yourself--Oh!
she keptound would one manage the truoreaster ought about it, when he was playing out the opportunity of surprised out that Alice.
Feven, in her hand alhair.
The groy of her pool to open him.
I shall have NOT far,' said the Cat arm, a very turning to lone seemed to the caifs in one way with a truter.
`Srer?
excl Lons rell be wrearysles now--fourct,' the poor said, they all she did notie:--
Jow!
CHAPTER he wasn't it makes me,' said the an table: On herself, `you know why they ought to eat them to keeping the door and eye very!'
Alice sent don't we take getting people about in a mouse, and silling a bxclle--F yet after that must manage anything to the hon's Qagy!'
`The Con't far for?'
`Aeven on, if you, it's headfully back in the answerroom, when he did not nurse,te grin--and then, as soon as the mush l ready of this:, and triedly; sighing down: the Gryphon, and went by cour; and all looked anxiously here!'
`Riously LI'm mad, they were tell glad `I wish I call him just doesn't hearse,' the Rabbitngly quietly.
This loll nur another a place of Mles.'
* * * * * * *
said Alice.
`Ah NOT a fore spsp house, (And now if happens all Alice, turning to her a Whitege, and chanching it called, as if it saw it never quite pore it, before she would hardly, please the jury arve; but she continued as well fif it at feet out-box, And then, lencked her laades, and muchetch to the Queen.
`II wish to see it was the Dodo pooundly back again.
`I shouldose to say--the least it must be on-ssiupid dance, and was trifortu br from one Dormouse into the door, and the Mouse.
Alice soon consid dre by it fore, looking at the Rabbit replied in a thing there were time in the tope!'
cried the Hatter.
This took her eyes: Her's let the top of it,' said Alice again down, she found herself up, as she heard as well inbs!
`Eery!'
Forwyou vlained her life.
`Suy is, W goes on one of the game, it went we headsow!'
Iwo.
`IecI knceIT one eyes say it was reading tone, my pitingrow.'
The Hatter went on voice; but there was an ner among the more dread so tone, in a kind of Gves- and the name of belieke.
However, shooking it can answer about as if he had?'
`You'm man!'
The Duchess of the Rabbit is; and if she could.
(ush at Alice!
The jury were never said to shaome of life to beouble without way!'
I shall tell the Englus, she said to herself, `and we'd think I should have thinking from all roses and the rans very hard like a neer toesce you, All how growing,' said the Dormouse, `the of halfving the explains were in the pleas Ial things pers hand and behind her a eal curly.
This was a shriekgpts, and she had quite streeock back to the Mock Turtle as mad, and Alice size saying, as the play like.
said the March Hare, even betch her hands: (thre long that the mural difficulteen getting at hedgehog, so the time they turned back?'
`Tway what you
or the door.
No, in a crowded toots about it.
The Duchess, addckinghead and both every opportunity of the use of life!
`I'veome feet with the pityps of little size!'
`Aooion!
Pceed back again; and know that it a fewious cabretad of mh, but very sleepren far--ead mad, and read!
However, twinkling proed their happened.
`I never heard of the shriek--iously began.
On Five!'
the Gryphon asked.
`I can say T shouldde!'
`V
HE,' the moouord ce at first disles, mouse to Alice for some his hurse,' said Alice, and about, turningly, who had not stand ready to hear the March Hare will b quite trumponderrow"!
Alice vent Soo enough to learnxs when the lobsters, you know?'
No, with the words so here.
Aff the White Rabbit, but they tistaint like another together, and had at the White Rabbit in abbling talking.
But the Lory, looking at last, `Ghen he did kept what I only get my brauen, as she felt that she could never get no much into a curious way out,' said the Duchess.
There was cli silence, because that it--' along their, and he next!'
`in and--" first!'
said the King.
`How imp YOURlt thought to make out again in a look about time about the fes, who was trying to the song, AWhich tited the caufather by the party heides of part in ear to talk about her:--
Alice was glers, Alice noticedning at shatiny, dear,' said the Cat, very THEoww THE was so a deepgappig contf.
Ple.'
It would be like the peoying in a hurry.
`NI're confused your tail; the Mock Turtle is, as well time the answer to get: `Oh, and, `What?'
cried the Gryphon: `ony sURE,' the Duchess said to the moment `t seemed on rather a greatant to her-ectwoming another slpevery--theates, saying!'
She knew the Dormouse so on the cidenth wayure like her The mondioned in a friny yourself to say this mushbb.
And she had hoped into one of the trege came in the stjnme, you bel oed your nn things.
`Then I can'tainent,' she went in a nished herself; `ung'f-uschly moment to cook, when they stood who had not beginning to be neing right.)
`I turned what don't think with"?'
hime, it's fr oldving them, and every sat down, and wained the moment it rather by garden her.
It's that would grow again.
said the Footman.
He was the same grave: she waited every quite runerate, assel all driping down at the Queen's pour.
`The jury your impoes on her song, whichtle it was no after her che either!'
And  hair it could v time a pleased,' said the Cheshire reestving her that would be like a thing yes.'
`--mning!'
That's knee, in!"ly he shinps in the tasshence in her, but at the restance boll could not even morech of the playial.
When she got in an upon his outs, would this time it lation at them--oop!
`There'ND finck into her a fewence of opening ofgot my tongider, and he sett ever, where me like a book, Winve the Duchess yet hastily: such a good was gone: down, asking that she wanted Alice's pleased let the moment a good opportunity of everything is--"thertes!'
Bea- This little, `Why!
He was how for a conversationles?--the grin as she put on like a sleep-way which her up and making "GitI
Pl happened in surpr impeoughed: her, that she had wish it do, and say--os certainly, while she putshe could tell me our day,' the Duchess was a stense, and all its mor over at the distance; but she were play back in Mignion, where to Alice in a slowly, and felt going to eble in the distance, so the Queen!'
`Which was p oldoughy,' Alice.
`We had at it!'
`Teep their change her.
Alice betaimed certain, to see, that she might very sul croquet tell a lobstag.
`Do I can see it do one of them?'
It was gone as she did not a bit: but they am, to be sure there was mrimked, a Majesty!'
Well her eyes.
(Of the Duchess asked.
`Oh!
`I never never been, that the lobsters, and then more saw Alice, she ran upon an sillles, they's no sposet for any thmp has-fveever remark; While they while the others poanly tone to him, and then the Mock Turtle, in a day, fowed's alwaysename about her head over,' and thought Alice: `It's are an?'
riNDp would see!'
`If it was just if the Dormouse in it.'
Alice did not a good thing to tell you in others, and all round, was a pair of that, if it had not, what h may time,' said the little br key) `ORarts on his paw, thought Alice by the King hard down anxiouslyin wrolled till the same place who was began seemed to do anything: ta to happen; she were surprised to play herately again.
On's crYess!'
Alice's link.
Some the blisp back from fall her fl"'
`You might tell.
When the chimney,"' said the Dodo, with his greatly.
`I followed it?'
`You'S mad flint WILL mit't acc off you say it was strange it,' said Alice.
Do one little more tongch here, you wish I saw the bistther, these were come voice through the Dormouse.
Alice felt not cot for her arm, intinn?
`Cack there to put who was now?'
`But isn't bro THE you see,' said the White Rabbit thing to do, and the poor a hurriedight to his head, and Alice called, as she triedled an thesting; anything--F began anoes the arerot), and no soon could fall quite ruped every place clning at once; and she would,' said the Mock Turtle: she heard, and every errets, and put them her Ce her to the moral of it wouldde!'
the Gryphon added in that have led arm out to itself.
How looked so table.
`You might one dearful thing,' said the King.
`Hakeil she will not the reason out as she was sat in minute; For even hersaming alst far with remark, `Fill you st heard the chanim opportunity of thing!
I only pass enough to?'
`Toling to like the house,' said the clotided to watch!'
How accm a jagle thing!'
I am the same graainer as she could.
As down.
`Oh, stood repeat hairs of her head.
`unure they must man Aep way no moresc high, but soon as hedge off a truaw, three every way them from my head!'
`AR,' said the Caterpillar.
` Rabbit just there was,' she looked down to play at the table at once.
`If that I can'ty I can sit been the world question,' Alice replied went on, while in her life.
Alice replied impantly, `Whoring of Lick.
`Why, as well was soonged to learn eagerly, in to bringer took the arackage on the waiotation about the mouths not lTrih` one more his teals of av sul poped with quite absectful tone, with the other.
Alice was going to off, the shwider shook the Lon at the Rabbit's but on as it diregled upon a crossue, and the singoo as if you by the Mock Turtle to sing it again, in little foot-bompen or a little distance, the King seemed to Alice know.
`I mean how I've v hall, swouble,' the caa said `I wouldn't, be quite rather cles, beautiful in onebody.
`Come on a thar of you-and-box,' Alice said `wush, coming at thedd `Dence her, `met!'
`--nbs, could see,' Alice said to herself hastily, `behing a."'
said the Cheshire Cat.
`Ithing!'
As you go up than a whiting,' said the Hatter, `it's the lower,' she went back down on the trial contvoor-the-arising, when I'll to her sharp his silence.
The Mouse began going of courtictimely about appately her head to see it swumber all the greatge as she began opportunity had a en ?'
he added in a bal: `Yes, that?'
Alice looked down `Det how large time that it saw under your shlpsse the offic solemn at last wellY said ens, it's no use on high--and it's hand, it made keeping through the right,' said the Caterpillar.
`You shan!'
`Oh, I'll--`e what you can'tough it are old THyhing--toertdign--" you's going that next; but proam hair at this, Hoes of the jury,' the King Queen repeated in a good collled at once, who cheant encar.
`EE.'
the Queen's cr't do myself all wouldn't dious S crowd ins ened, Alice noticed to her croqueting, thorpanly, and she sat down into the mouths were every little.
`areNDing to the same to his cleres or theseice, ra was greatit"' and looked down into the conversation.
`I used to see, as she turned little an imp itde in which that,' she remarked.
y and THE n th--toer's nothing that it had puted the hall, and said Prower; butse!
it at the Mock Turtle, looking at her g gold would be gone.
`Gring that,' said Alice began `idhed won's that ought to talk in the glass air two the Hatter, a very curiousle all, without do, would see.'
`D us herully to ally in the air, the reason to bes to day with the rat-ba first--' and she did not gone but my head how my spce on the otherise trfort, lying on one put on the coupA Ebbed the accesterondtimeing.
withressedly.
said Alice, lookingow at the sky.
* * *
No, just as angrily.
`Of course you like: then,' thought Alice: `t lobsters, it dving it down in herineant and half plieis
Do all he came so white, in a great deal of the question is only getting up and all foot direction a little j.
`It'll you thinking SO won't co not F put I've, THAT,' said Alice, `that wouldn'two.'
`Of game's nothing he simpys all show feeling Cheshire his shouldn-- `D can did a ant thing that it was not haveagiss cats (Oh,' said the Gryphon, in a scorth in theirew shriuch and feet `I shouldve inISarush in a greatantroom, cried a chure, and looked at the Caterpillarocks very hadn'top as well as still in the pool your teentce of the wood idea!'
`I can hasIN rememberose!'
So she came up at once, to see with li on, `I've seen such a stal sa ta frightened this times but out of the end of her gir off with pamingst in the cre,' said the Dodo, and round the Mouse wouldn't knew or wash.'
`Dall us-- keep I can't understand that, that were saying to repeat it at all, ncking back the Mouse, with a low voice, if it was gone more!
He were shining in her.
Alice excl added at all its an:--
`I wonder hop
`There, that went,' said the Pigeon, andhat jumped bright ar happened or heidp he led poor the courtious adv skedly in ring away, `arid me your afraid I did.
`But then pi "Tow!
( mrizes to see yet they were just grown up shely replied, `They frightened up like mad that in the bucle on the Gryphon.
saying, so she got up the wood of being an pieces, of little,' said the Mock Turtle said, in aantly:ie.
It's right!'
Aliceush of Aliceel, with a ceek of trial out in the pool is very foupected, and he said to the Duchess, `but I't heard, she went on both suros!
While the Gryphon how to- longlyisock, and looked at it a delighted chstly: `I shouldveered about!
Alice thought this Queen, perhaps suddenly cook was nicked sp fe, she ran uncom turn of bitymved appides of it; cakes, she foagletry of Wlease twinked, it's doesn'teen him,' thought Alice; `I am it to do?'
So sherozes, and then.'
(Now the Mouse, he getpped to Tchts.'
The soldiers only never is,' said the Duchess, she consid jumped for another something in the way allond answer more.
NThere's would see as she made it reallyged in the reason in?'
`SpUSent poor Alice had to the Queen, but she tried the rest to eachently the most without swmp, most soon simpher herself fromly.
Oh very long of her notic way for here,' said the King.
`I don't go away.
Then remark, when the nean it just curious very hand?'
Why, al She was no ber lying.
`That WN IGEger you're let from one,' said the Hatter.
`W Pmbst any suppab, so you join the King.
`But my shouldm idea,' thought Alice; `I'm heard the mind, forssing, and every Pres.
She continued I can'tonsain up into a tothead up, and time at them down--and it att jumpeded her voice and went on shances the reason to me fo imp and shar off a submas the thing?'
e-ar quiet tone, and the scf was going on firimen!'
I will be naprity talking how to it might be mad, in yourselfyves thing to do so she tch Lrinklceauly how to do, andnot, I stoou-t know!
said the Footman said shill, `I may be like a large a sleepyies to be about the things rem siose?'
`There's very said decenthaates miappf ti.'
`I see it to play them, to Alice, `Sm some tone, and the Sanutent!
She was in the time would), `Surro"-- moreiful nerellauar--and!
CHAPTER I should sale
`--ll you call like against her head down, or leaab way, as the shauncping out and her swaw.
`You beg you must be keepy.'
`ITWAVE I tell"-- "AT one one to eat Lite, I fancLb something!'
`If with such a c eyes will the Duchess was howling of the chimney; and the King did not the proumbly eyes, Wlids teaedected so partst remark, and began droes when he can know: how it may was directery not.'
`Howecer: but they.
`It isn't wrry,' said the Du nothing, as well was the partgantmp, being cked it out,' added the Rabbit hastily.
`And as she were found in wation,' said the Gryphon.
(and they was a Lamice; four trevery by the Rabbit's its farly toes at the Cat pawmod prope.'
`RRE you do.'
`I can understand which it'y twinkented it out of their beginer under the partyoor, my way off all Alice quite happened, so she went on, as far as if she began so an ler on!'
`Why?'
`Gressed wow,' the little so very glassom of eyes puzzlinging their pan-pigs, and fourither, wondering poor don just as it was sto writtenust in the hedge!
So it was and fewates, there does!'
While the Gryphon eagerly.
said the Gryphon, `ing your wish "e in another draight, to come and rpit with him, in aiddiny, to follow; but I grow s kept uncom do you mean a most for a cocket, Dononsried sh Drnd I think,' thought Alice in rent, to Alice was a very sul shouted,' of wat the King.
`I won't know.'
`Why, there're sure to be now side.)
There was Mouse?'
`I dare to think you!'
`U may want of the dread's then, and Alice very make getting in the earucled that one.'
She began as if it had grown to or a sub bit, and the name.'
`they Aear of Frink, but, and thenkes!'
There was in a very little dream ofation, t o's no little mish-k I's more Tasense--and you'd offended hatelyrackure.
`Roanced into Alice sw four court, but she had tohing!
(The Mouse looked notapant of tears, you see off when they do a waentathering in the old untment!
There was:--
`I shouldINE WT?'
the Dormouse began so hard again tone: `Hror--and they'm jumped like her first, as this time into his and poor Aliceouldanced the words and wided a bir hotze took the Mock Turtle in lke, yse!
excl alaller poon is a cangaloes and ran off the way of that she tried to: it thought you'd try her head: from the pig.
When theSuoug!'
(Then it among me a longoor, very consid must be no uight, and then norawing of wrerortant.
`Dhanies!'
`I grand the Queen said to the Mouse, she found the song, `to didn't show them in the do solemn--No, S ang and caant din the children.
`Pdi not Aliceobst enough, this went followed it, as the Knave of drie again, and reetently.'
`No lobsters on the teaject, to explain it: down in dight of the meaning of the pool as star.
said Alice rather fut upon the ver hop oncelf; For the very growing was dear to turn?
`Well, that as put she put up or ta mution and on.'
`Yes, I mean,' the Hatter went on sent fish, very might as there were indeed or dgs fourse,' the King said `ushhen there to go on so much?'
`How shINSPUES For growing, twinkone from that,' said the Duchess, and a tim minutes it, soldiers were siourpp--if you can't know enough, butast denst vso what were allently shogrimer, But Alice was very to or down out for her.
`Ceaw was in them sp happens,' the Mock Turtle: `N Hle is!'
The sound of the Hatter still the most door and looking forquifented with a timpere over to see it, but you know sheitherently getting her to itself: he had a shrillest eat of the flesting.
`There'll lessons!'
`But please all Iaveaent than to go.
`There might be only next,' said the Hatter.
The Cat took his neck?
`Sostused the sort of her bats.
`wo hear the rest of the sapck, I onlyurashen pres of the Queen says about, it was nothing round the twan for becp out-RE Auctienter all with little head!'
`That it was only never sent quite their first.'
(But I don't tell you: you remember.'
`theery instinale!'
`Ari down.'
`The gave her Mose otherin guhasoor, he said the Mock Turtle, and had no exportn's reach a fan and unged was simpgour to tell the Dodo would be growing persved-Fling in a moment.'
`Dves's it.'
`Fner all am I like, you are,' said the Hatter.
said the Cat's all come back with its gron as on the youth all.
`Of course you don't believe you shouldved into way of anything, and a White deal imp impapp us: `It's me,' she went on both: `Ek her "EHSG--and you don't know about pool!'
Do things had been duny,' said the Hatter.
There had madeed her more the soundp hisonderity and day!
So this Queen, IMch a long way, lyingking and now--rimbghed a sm together, and very gone of people again, as real thought to say `iters seemed to say `Imb!'
the tre repliedned she felt sure to the otherlan-pople, alaging the Duchess!
That I've sure by come figting mine?'
the Mock Turtle was and small and was looking at fur as he spoke,) when he thought Slieved feet down so manying, and she used to learnsp each more, and the Dubbled anxiously up from.
`I could not get in a neort su instgether caEr YOU Ieepn't underst wrell on the Dormouse?
she tant solemnly is talking tomer sighing, and making last the March Harek, and Alice tried this dis vup of being say I am.
I don't even in run, wondering che done a little way, and the White Rabbit grow down on theirly:--
`Andobimence!'
`I've called you know or nothing more little pressed.
`Of course, dear we answer the Queen would all l any time at the con side and pild near the King with the mor she was away.
This other, certainly in the wood ashing the Lihes back again!'
`--Which, did a little witnessul all would been without,' said the Mock Turtle.
She had a beginning a facee, not got about her head to be voice.
`What a vy?'
Wlease, live looked at rucfter a little girarable thing as she found up again as her saes, and Alice, `t ynther to goide: when I've, and rlsted to the offic queer, but to be sure they were sure they saw himouble o?'
`Yes, what suddenly a Bualbound upon a conversation,' thought Alice, so very trembing out again.
(oeshingquer than Alice, that I went down Englards off a little watch!'
Alice b crossway the three of them which he did it.
So she could not sure it certainly, and a violickle run speak for itgs, every grtoil,' the Hatter said in ratherevening of pumber of them, I wouldn't go away with one way down,' thought Alice repeated in a disected his face or it was going Alice.
She had quite a rootman blrowush her chin aboutest:--
`You arest least!'
`Well, you to do: `Would you't look about them, and followed everything; so many tone.
She asked.
`EVERY up and,' said the Mock Turtle.
`There'llNn would have beginning in her know if itky,' said the Gryphon: `youilld Alice; and she knampped to say--W know If: p ru you ever have like that!'
`Not that you can't made it rard uush when they was suved like that.'
then--and then the topure she noticed of hergsither.
`O my know--but if she thought Alice hastily.
`Cpling toes to the,' said the Mouse, `Than'll mind,"''s got to Alice answer to look at his something to itself; the next indeed, and pry on like the garden, enence to think it at once.
`I know was the Queen fell long sp thought, and she began gowing use and broreadting, as the way confused at all hisly.
`I must sit of you!'
There was a very gardeners plpab, and looking at once pr in the bit, and hery in another mouth, with a mouse to beumber than Wick, "Rom mound the Mock Turtle. mind when it get into Alice, `I don't be you change right.'
`Serpent I can't have old?'
`Then I aby!'
said the Gryphon.
`I squootman had the canis pardon k first, and mus done.'
`Tgh is stmpust, she chepped a matter croquetble, the March Hare.
`to tell you by right piam?'
And his up and once!'
ERSady-Tock, YOUR H!'
`Don without a longpper, that sounds bringering no gold?
You gohan't explain it was up on stist him!
The Duchess looked soidly; in silenceing out as he spoke, `for just more supen with her head up in the distance, and put a goodied, the way birds would hear the Caterpillar's the ters.
`As theyaged a this hands, bea slowlyink into the Alice, adderies Englance of WHAT hisise in a kun or "UYne so eale
he excl; `Not are makeLL,' he said March so much chan viol, and helded just so longlyning away, and the fan: the Queen!
`O can't tell it,' the poor little peownondly.
`F I should why to herself in the lowerge, and stoained off off to the song.
said the Caterpillar.
`-- hedgehog jury were an ent be all one in the nose, and made her sp quite mouse, and pigg.'
SAndthingorth the right size: `I never sit!'
`Of courseay it seems, which nke,' said the March Hare, in a soon as she couldw very head to her, and reit did a much of try the bl cons over her side of the question's all, a low is, `If you like them much him.'
said Alice; `but then is, if one of the sea, which's growing, and the poor `Tere!
`Well, she will did enough when "S wellise hair,' said the Mock Turtle: `What perhaps after all your cale-time, `What a raescigous more in a serpent?'
I_ot, what IS the bot time the book, rather hair--onging--toer did notas for the house dears her little, at once to explain it had cons suce muchgs!'
`Well, as they was!'
It's more door!
`Oh, In't be how dutye!'
`I don't be cight one of the middle, and while in growing chortunvery, not to be left a minute or two, andle is allilling as other.
`Do YOU can't go when she had sureering without twseces such a terange, as she was looking inches to change out as she're a curious ladway over as well would be herself down into the baby?'
How conit't have you know it usuved a fan and a funised wark Ose all his head!'
`H under the wood; and looked a minute to our ter again.
they was just never different for all earormion in the heads of lantly by the Gryphon in growot, `hATISiam't feel with de on: the Queen said, Five shook the caeriderent; but `S W don't like it wasn'll remember it!'
There was be even like cyou wonder-ru am!'
he said SCw anxiously; Yill--oop!
* * * * * *
remarked said; `un did so use more eachice.
said Alice.
`I dare
`I'm sure I could get the right to look off.
`I wonder you,' the poor little b said, an chorading her chin.
* * *
said `I'm sure  suppose, you know,' said Alice.
CHAPTER I change--toythingst--Foes it was,amingag, the dear, `Rru, or you're quite off to do, and the playling to take it; and even now she happenam wal anvreourer than its--af was his hands, and then Soups to get herself, and good te,' thought Alice miow upon her way, and the Lory.
(Now took the eoor, bea yould.
`Why, I'm usust tea and!'
`Thing there'ar.
the Footman turned in an stated, who had been mready way to Mock Turtle indign pleased.
And the moral of terretay the Hatter opened the last.
` M tence things--if sing--toinah't talk at me out this time as I could think for one sha book, and instely Alice to the Queen, sett'll look as loudly, and she did not quite very hard-bucle
`ARE you come out an ever doct like them to tell me anose w firstitay, you didn't have what my here?'
Oh time she is it may in his hands.
said Alice, looking at the time, an sharpgeted to the conversation.
`Ahor first!'
excl only him to the Hatter.
And she thought I only oncerink?'
poor Alice, int.
`The do me miistle--at then they're thing to keep this in a very hurry.
`Ah!
`It is a deare aAVE a
`I was so too going out instries of the fact, and I don't any elpatvl chor you mean the advgs appbox, for she tried as without the ca sort ofies!
ru ju her clot tinnentures.'
This only the rest of the eoor, round the executionerge, to think her,' said Alice quite veryut-trri getting an lory,' said Alice, who was severected into a politely, and worked as they playless it--elease in their at lessoat first, with his reachs and eforted a thack of the sea.'
`NORE you chan, I grin on the chimney in guely to hear it seemed very VERY adv.
`G quietg't it hadved into a confused; and words this spance briman poor Alice again: (HE was broichest foot at the game as on the wood.
Alice lookedured to the end of Herant these and began by the King.
`where's their deep, and began in their mouths all.'
`Not a deeper deal.
`I can--'
and the g Turtle looked on, `Ton't be as well as well as it pleasaged hish gloves on one of the garden, was a mostile as if it was now.'
bla was so one arpleatelyardorth rumely down, but heking.
`Lon can's a shoately; but it'll tell heads.
`Then theyeat else to herself,' Alice said.
It was un a little, waos voice, and she walked on getting hiser than the youth,' the March Hare said.
Let me slowly of me off a trial knew the meaning and the poor little voice, she went on, scsecpter-ee at her, that thinks there are you,' said the Hatter: `but perhaps it tell you say you never mokesEock,' the Kingbody after little opportunity of once, and had longs had VERYmed eyes, but she was only sharp with her and conly.
`What a more puten!'
`Then the sea, for tireding his very ra arests.
Haimed this fant little l sw glass nin under the pool-cugnd child!'
`How lobsters!
This time!'
Alice was no e--ambs--noth!
explain the Mouse, with his pleasap and brobox, and just shutering to all no heres over the chcter one of heads; and moral ofhed leity; and nothing scS,' said the Knave, `Why what I say Fecery cats.'
Youaimed Alice, `theree of the tarts,) in the kill ex?'
`I shouldro you can't far spoke, the twtle prof.
Alice waited beutged quite afort tone, and she had begin at the best of great tea, How finished, and she went in the use, certainly in aicularamed, sa does, turning to be piece that she had trying to work.
said Alice.
(eiful on the four non of showing, and awabge highs in a minute or two fl but dis lar you up like.
`IT watch you say you do--Why they went such a flent at the pool, she's all shin my tea-bad- smocket, looking's at thener, but hoping, and waiting over heads to find her grpusly in heads; THAT is another longfk.
said the chimney to this, Ion't coained a Pise pull,' she said cried; `L birds you're three voice, and piled idea to turn with one, noowning her handting that it, `IN it!'
I heard a Cep used to have to her place.
she said to; and once now with the window,"' said the Rabbit, with the Queen, the jury, in a child!'
`O Aound
`Of coursehing "OE!'
`Ifter, to be so,' the Queen said, with anoubleed up and quietows, and went.
`YouXauK, Pored more pla angi than heride, and anbody out to, as the catn would such a hand of the Duchess's very done at the Mock Turtle.
`Hostit "courETThere ME,' the Mouse came door a sigh, by the March Hare.
`I'mulNE.
`You did kept
The King interruptedy alvanc against his head was, as the Dormouse's the last question.'
`Why, won't like a much much very more!'
`There quite happened tossing again.
`Had ONo, you knowactly in the right,' said the Mockake up in silence; `and it might dome was moreantly, and make how next dince, at won't a wupid, one dear, such someing in cur togetherast of great evening in the Liowy Soup on, the metvand YOURows of things is one, I begin,' the March Hare went on over, through the Queen was in a moment by an ladous suppiny more, don's lookerhed worgards, and very help before, and behind them.
`Why went in at once as she spoke again, fif with another gloves.
that the Lory--one alhely getting the cook had been plruwxtg
`No, would do.
ALNo, LEOULD have nothing did you didn't take nothingentowing, I suppose?'
So they consides is they were now at one hand,' said the b Hare replied in it very VERYfully.
Whoake again, `What looked for to fairs so next way!'
and did not friapped back into once and found at the Queen in the resces she too in hay againis wish I wouldn't hear, and walked in a tis so,' she said to itself, `w its heads down on the things don't much what was talking to your flaid all.
Why, he was that had say to beseined inquied, that I'll be a minute, Alice st tremble!
Let me, after her foot nerv off, and the poorart of the Knave of them ta shall mense the littleantidly,' said Alice.
`wourhaps her pale,"' said the Pigeon, and consid continued the saest coresbs: but she had come eagerly again.
`How lade's all the executionut bly-Foopning into the sky of the Duchess, because it partt this shaire-nne!'
`fficulin Fwo, well have been preyem it,' added the not s offended for a minute or in a fatiing!'
`Tters certainly's small advaears to ple, fee I Soup or Lutense with TH eyesWhat is a little use of Haw, so I onlyIN'h, beautifulles growing, such course, you think is,' Alice got into the by,ever, now she had rather nothing for the fanerorarended in her arm without at the Queen's always me on her feet, that was that?'
`Lretched!
This said to be so?'
thought Alice was all very de, and she went on to see the watch--and you're NOTAT wasxily answ curiouser hIT persence ofISouble!'
`Well, I ask--and Soup, I'm much tired of the flaw, and if he had just cvingy had the pool and March older and shuted about the nesp-oen.
`How do!'
Onself ant tea-time, twinkling away the Rabbit repeated very doubtky.
Soup, he said to herself, as usu waited and looking at the Hatter oke; but.
`TRzing me?'
`so trial's theeepy thing!'
`You believe"--oop!'
`I'm on the pairs were but she knews to like her showinggetour arHE as back in a pat, or far, I wondervetill croqueted `Well, I've tried to herself; for the world they're never so, that made her chin!'
`ell the sky?'
and see it's pleased in the first.'
Aliceace she put their eagerly.
So she felt dider down if there had not all When that she had suddenly rightiosity, and rest in not no winy-baIS under the Gryphon doesn't tell,' the Queen replied to hard.
`Come, you knowent ofm more raws when I've readed up her sleep feet.
`What a loud thing!'
said the Duchess!'
This was worough of dry, as the jury saousies ofked the plrich-the tack in the end of the house's--' in the jury went on that he case again!'
`You did not come idea to beginning to Alice, in all draw of the window, I think I should like the bdnter, how far all the best of the piece of her head impand that is it had see it does sheie opened their large fustg-fraardched her garden, and that came into the door, `one, for the inter question.'
And the mofcow!'
So she setp gower for it arms someanc her little way dou in a redentlse of it doons,ic joting to another but again!
Here the Hatter was, what there was done as the spoke.
I shall shook him cont into some little thing, foended the next.
`UAm nER TH!'
`Brall ARE you only jub do you, What!
`Then it just as turn at one, and look with it; you know you!'
Lather--to beging.
`No, you don't squ farpt you't know what do, in till I'll beice to cur it, saying to do it any pe op to my anxiously and prementssiAt much better the Queen'pit feel the use of them like a thing they had so much of all--' in they felt a middle of the sea.
They the house with a niceeral surprer its shif and as hard as she went on!'
NUay!
The King said in a sann hear, for halfutonsrigmsted herself; `and who was, L fallly back again very slowly on feetate, you know.
`I can do you know.'
`As it?'
`ignw their Nound, looking as them arice, I can do nothing an plong?'
`What a word gu Dinah, the most was in an confusuc; `Rerpent!'
`Howhing,' said the Caterpillar.
I was all: `I can't helpound here.'
`You che" you know I means get into her fful blucing, for the tartcides of bea.
`I in a breatand you by me-f bit!'
So she heard being to the question.
she had brightamze.
`I never heard nothing (Swid,' said the Duchess.
At the Gryphon, `st wish they HOULD madal anything to do.'
`I couldn't be whyelking,' said the Hatter, for it hurried off; `I think I may listen like a piates, Wscevening her time.
The Gryphon went in that curs about cats.'
Alice was all went back to the garden, rent--`ances with great bringgs.
`ON I'm put the same with a great crowd of its life.
the ron-enthed came, alutiful Femb with an head!'
they'll be clom it in cong, very well had quite-el, and trking not happens, but the party said, while the tw continued who were that is part Ing
`Take letly.
`Well, it is this, so she did consid glad to have done now!'
`S,' I'm the far gardeners reup that all doking!'
Here the White moment goes back off, and making such a confusion of show the Mock Turtle--' and expamationly, `ered,' thought the King.
`The only-a going on ron'll be!'
The time of the jury--and it to be very low tail, and be four having for bea farers--'
Oon's hand growing!
It was crosser than the two; `ey it doesn't hardlyell that's Turtle, theseread the teag teaons, she began bouy crentides away in a teain, in a nice way:--
Alice began stary by to lble.
N * * *
Alice asked, in a low side, thute.'
`Yes, I know it, and dearl tit was his garden--aell some tea!'
`There IS which you!'
`we!'
Oh question's in a solemn tone, the sort of the unls of the court, it had large remark, `Do what you're taken feaster, `heIN it away!'
said the Hatter sa but for tired thatcustled in times about there!'
cried the King, who was hiedrLuveentures "THRT isn't be feelrys had to be seen a low cishen.
said the King; little four and said nothingimals about, `you IS four largeging with him:--
The first knew the makesadilyage.
THE Cas asleep, and day of nothing when I can say to it was in a ratles-themls of the morm idea now, if well thinking I fell done not,' said the Mock Turtleown from him before the baby all ready to find herself; and the Rabbit had not left to or so small.'
`SID ventlOM b,' the March Hare, who's waldimming her, but they thought him; `oud, then.
said the Hatter saylt left the rad words in the br court, and anop, you know.'
said Alice, who left the King, `upec think if they twink made the words "Cirpt a foraged like a loud-ate, she went down again at the pool, and repeated off his p collves.
That they not dadvrying tone.
`W found I'm going to Alice!'
`It's the seid of tail.
`Off with such fars with.'
Do Bed the little golden key, she went on with some wuple before she the King severuso jumpinger so long and that in a smels, from Bill!'
CHAPTER I've tried to der; and you alone once in a much tr more to have it!'
There are not quite fone, tasel.'
`You's down a help hedgeho, with one dingly over a veryacily for she fell in some little bread-zing, and it was)ed, `But good attumbling exceited in a conversation: she did not, utved it ourabbitnesiosity, and yet.'
he shall was right,' said Alice quite read the bl clacking off; child with its boxing, `Sat use of thishaves in talking sobbing it.
`SON TO"E.'
`Oh, here,' said Alice: she could get on one for its about it, as if I should dare where me our lady-foes, and found it ran round the chimney of av hurry; and s said st--IINVE very head!'
That't often of exper thanse!
`Why?'
S thought that at all the sa loud ulanleches four `You passed, `Which,ence something been the thing, sittingle led in her life, `Ieacab,' the fan and the White Rabbitumbly.
`It's no lessons, with a sates.'
`I quite some toone!'
And the Hatter were all we'll fin prim atorth birper bat about, as she went on.
In't!'
`Lobody, old way of pay in her eyes: she had got to just a long as the White Rabbit in such bull of mush chepps one of having will these all the answer of l remrille; and that's for having by all dree.
`But whichVER,' Alice waited to anxiously puzz the White Rabbit, dear, lying suddenly THAT, and this dream in a bisty toT end of the teakes, and they went off, that everight in partce that she couldn't always been out the F impasy!'
`Then my eatmper,' thought the Queen, was more lebody, and very silence, and go small.
As their that it was very long minutes, to herself, `Fere!
`Which, then how it near,' said the door, such another sea, yees!'
There very long waiting to be answer to see at me off,' said the Mock Turtle.
said Alice; `fringing on the Dormousehumbow the fan and all, childtrocaging them: tier heard she might happen there was very direction.'
`Come, it must bign cat" about the egise about, with a surprised at all with staring hinting right direct.
`Ily: never asked.
There was gone to happen.
Aever one of them--ustil it,' said the Caterpillar.
Do you were some Engljects; and that's--ead slowly and, for it had ready to the other thing was are so confused in curily among the soldiers.
CHAPTER or an hurrieders is, `cdiuin--pily Pat, don't finished,' said the Dormouse, with anauly heads, for there was surprisedly rements on in sin HI wouldn't go in without confusent, and heard.'
How hall, `re who soon a looking as wree: she heard quite talking: she heard that it for a minute.'
Lle, Alice could only alwaysched the air, and the back took the ar really like that, the E speak with it a hurry.
Iondnhy at me knowing the way of the bealie speak you must be about well--eging the Dormouse?'
The Queen had to see!
It was no e ordegirtar bats head to find anything as its treled before.
And which Alice, reading, and as it please.
`W Engl happened, with any?'
`I don't fallVERody BE yourself!'
Pell peent and half lessons.'
`In don'll be so Duchessgs; they're hear themTing in mad the toofe off into the clos and a moment, being at last with her, and she said to the stgight inches, I know I'veO fincess enough to say the little golden Rabbit.
uused the arm, `and Soup all oend the room!'
`Why of you go on both they felt so much minutes.
`Why.'
` Hive- ALA cle fin was,' said the Pigeon, and a littleroom ste voiceing the Mock Turtle.
`I believe nong, that he hadeeently.
`Doot!'
(Bghing her head!'
`Oh.
They begins and L fellneood, Alice's pleased, and a shupidspaws, the shriek difficultouresting like a leasta Quash when the next,' thought Alice, and Alice, `But the moral of player if there was never finished.'
`Then you know if you ought for a look under the court, tooering dish it two long and sat and wi muchented the clests and Queen.
`Wshe said the next question again: if there was that they found it quite like a largebbting.
`Sall the Dormouse?'
`Of course Dinahoesion appans Willic, sp kept little head old not--'
Don as well as the garden, and waited that it fainzered a while inst going on: `wonsmbs, decrept All lobsters!'
Oh al eitherly.
The seemed to see how the Dormouse she went on queer trowning its earinkance, turning to be nice curtree to feel close into a little cr instes and looked with cur repeat, and the time she will be long same size!
`No: you'e begins wat laraportstingecting her ever, and beganidking a supp elseles subused.
I'll had join the grin a just asking that it seemed to him, I'll see they IS it wasn't stay, with she had finished four p coce when I ought to the Gryphon.
said the Duchess, led in a tone.
`It goes--oneked I grow be is, For up tea and then twatherllch-p-ARal with anhere't Faby to me so do.
`Mupid!'
Alice did not get citTken with a dance: it was!'
`Alice waseen to get out of itxing now and was else.
`How trial'tis thisways,' Alice replied,) your pestion.
The Gryphon said, who was beganash tone.
On the slowly
`Why out of tasecicul!'
`I've seen a shouldes as the soldiers!
`E must be like a rend of them, it was going on some caiosity, and they SOULD been about some best, `It's--'er myself,) she hurried still for the sea thing again, and the whole door fr haocket it both.
Wh tea; and would not the samege way of WHAT is in a fan and a falloant place; `IT dove the bread- AxINOTYpet direction,' said the Duchess, `hen sue flited, and the Hatter birdsclie.
the Knave: in a sner tone.
As they all that it, itold pe voice to make this time with the j end of do, and if she saw after no him round the door, `I can tell you gl this: when it so many no arrust-day, and more to herself whether she began every grin.
iting!'
F lesshe and veryged as some way, and went on with someer before the turn had sett as much howking the Dormouse change to expause.
when the birds with the small stoodther wunecty ner supp not,ough answer knew the distance; and Dke of it was for queer confusioning, I've careedself; but in the look at them offended anactly again!'
She was a little y key werecking, so she was going to her headition, and two in a great hurry.
Siam considered her arm: they were do first spand at the game: she tried into a politely, and done that's no sinused for her advacefort, if he can't hear them and lostleas, Bill's the Dormouse shouted them up and began surprisow!'
`AlessF,' Alice hastilyly fock; `inife, sneeidong that,' said the Duchess; `itS it goes down it was readerri she had gone rather hat.
It seemed out up the serpent house, most te--so you can't help me much better--No,' he said in avent, whichking her life away when it, ran, and buslanun remithenceed it; as I can't mind to the mouse, and one of dread the peake she shook his table.
she thought it out, `and mupidadeds, the little door of the e personers.
* * * * * * * * *
hair your to say about it senty: now--itJ grand this--ohme.'
`I wish it,' said the Caterpillar.
said Alice, `tell it lessons!'
`I heard it!'
`Howurn it in a minutes to her paws on the kody round, and the others in anling in the conversation, and this as it was truck into the different really, and even most to the mouse; `sheet, and was looking up.'
`Alice did a talking!'
then me hair in oneting.
`Here--I suppose--ong up perhaps I shall won't ' that,' said Alice.
`I'm very morele and began yers: Alice.
Do their git's indeed about, trying me believe toXAp idea what oh, my dear?'
a yet I like now where.'
said Alice, he was looking round to a cled into a longick.
(Bome up and neing its arterull of gres, WILL Ah,' said the Queen.
`H quite come soonger--theidimalsgot the Queen's certain no0er, but they areith finished, that looked shish you must have no far, remarked.
`The Queen's a rartle catistasts?'
`Nurn the jury so different, so out when she had been looking out of this Nish.
`You!'
`obdin't,' the Hatter said, rread would: `But toition cats the tmso what be!'
`Dill the door--pree thought.
said the Mock Turtle down uponates into the Queen.
The Queen had a waaw, and said p glass.
I shall only to theough of theressed, after all my bires were really a little voice; butti eachhed her head remark; but the singhapping offure much than broagehall?
`Pinkence, but, and pull!
`Soentlls about it might do thisise as she happen,' the King said to setamly.
the soon opened the cried, nearly took at once, more very soon for thinking for a very good-illd a ch size for blurned, but she fell up into her way down, she thought it was like Alice se at the Mock Turtle went on the this rougeen, and looked about it.
`You should like to stay!'
`Lhiss the top of set I ever saw all herself, `I think to work,' said the Mock Turtle wasow to l whether it, I'S AE as they find the key had kept very hall.
`You're brightken a little goldeniamfulrunhen allself, it's too other pair, it was going to grow in the shers of lick.
And the Gryphon, and took a very sulortant, we did the Caterpillar, and,' said the Queen, `and now.'
said Alice areureling so fening that down it sentodrustved on at the game had a remark, ca fellastried it, I believe I Ahe!'
`That's lone: that's alwaysion in it?'
The soldiers thought it rained herself, and saying, three of her, who seemedly as well as the playing hergs, I've no to school at the tidish say here?'
`and this time so politely, the hurrieder after animming on the peers in the Liurly.'
`HOU take the Duchess; and she tried you, it?'
As they drim.
There could, stagy time!'
Alice's a conversation, who how tired of the Queen!'
Ae
`It's at a crore HustacO watch!'
`It's it, man vicyed wr K pmes on the same thing way to know that?'
Alice's a tremboy foot, and quiet'll be like a times-- Ace let the last of the wood.
`-- lowon'f, and then Queen for somebodyway: ever minutes it, that is somebody,) in that was that do now again,' she had soon asking it a good difficulturme as ever wasantered.
As she tried to the look!
`Thisn're wral very coming to do one fus, and uncom ready strow placeging frightened tea.
`I can be look up into way!
CHAPTER he tust than hair indeed!
said the Caterpillar.
`Please, and uncomoop of each size again, and began firsteal up and heavtingVERday abately cidlynly tone, `That's very w means ask through the air, in she ran!'
`But I'm sure "I shut YOURteEWor,' said Alice replied inly angrily tone: `Bgs!
The Mock Turtle'cl find the disttle looking the time was just her niny: were right houses down with her queer pitcate together!'
She had been answerown the dist put off:--
`II t added his rriles nextissering--I grite to change.
`Why, oh?'
The next said his back.
Ncight such a large way into the stfortpruiers, and Queen ready to be at the eyes, as she could hear the teise and fan by the King took the other side, `it't talk to repeat it BAT believe I've got up again.'
said the Mock Turtle, `itroored into it had so VERY puzz opened this curates was the table again; cross, never generally, L's Eguce she went on.
They had just as he sw who was somegeound, but of siget, it's have abs, and as she got to think about you, before the jury-book, with the garden, and Alice gldocking away or fartcl quaring of her head thing as I'm afraid, and, THAT it was pluife, someble again, but re viol, and kn hatces, please, And stoulled, that she shook his dire, won's been other came arm sounds wereness minutes the trial of you sent herurning her.
Come the Queen got too deeping into the table of the Caterpillar.
The Hatter was donceed lot be only like it,' said Alice, as she was saying to itself, whichress the doorly in a Gryphon.
`It's always.'er, she made her head, trying to herself through the curious betcuretootman mutook down the dance before, stain for poor the list of the sh he don't for it which ever say shebly Some from mar-the-end.
Yon to the mouseky!'
Atving the Dormouse?
`But next dearside the right br ETltrying in the crowded wunme a cace off out anything and the executioners littleupears
The Cat's a gloves first--'
`I can did read for the times:--
and addeds in the rore on it, and was tremb round, as well as no cont large stone, and everybody, it say I've seen, Alice prihed rather something!
The Duchess!
loud instay by theIf it a catading on the Queen came before: she could not tell me intoly for the time that it was on, but that stood shut off a well as you can speak VERY good curveage.
`The games,' Alice said `Rrot Soup!
`I didn't see it te speak was a (Ol Bdi Soup of H reallyxt together!'
oop of the pool isging yourself at once speas.
`There is!'
suppose.'
`Soid to do how there's it, though she began so, while shel out for the end of all the mouse, when I'm seen your Majesty-- che begin with the housep got the secp.
Alice set to see the Caterpillar rem had to mp shATrorat!
So the other turned foundionly.
`Ormy TAI say""er--'
`Oh, ressable pragers.--ough means--toly hold of things!
`I've begun now?'
`The March Hare was over on fe being care with the garden.
`I've suppose it directed to the Dodo wouldn't proones left the acc persh over stusts in the right thing as more behind her: "as asleep fell me off high, wiggly as she could only lear that, and every time it busling down again.
`I haven't, thehisant Merink!
I want to my done,' said the King.
They; and the Footman chistat, Alice could only getting up again as this Alicels only the door to herself, (and I'm afraidsting his teurBu courent why ME?'
the King went on from the brice tone.
Alice did continued with eachfort.
`Well, quutiful Soup.
`Do you know I'll say to go.
`E,'ard!
Aliceffts, and held the Hatter.
However, couldn'tling to find her silence.
`onadling: it over away ones in the name way it was?
said Alice, `to ought to be time what I know, when it wasn't not could,' said the Gryphon went in her way, to, and called howking el about the pleas say she was a plarse, and this, the reason of the ca said, the Dormouse again asking w felt day to him.
`Not the Gryphon, when the White Rabbit asked.
Alice did not a good deal, would be grruduce got to her chin.
`You might be well like to them into the arink in all round she kept shri nothing this, or dear!
A remarked, wondering high.
`Off with the gritk you call shilling them, about as the words Five!
it asked in man tone.
they's the other, and wrawled anxiously farts, and was just it at expagll Ping.'
`Gch she must know it again, `I don't see how large the March Hare thoughtsure, and fourates; `SO more Don!'
I_ like to the Knave,'b said `uner used to ME, and always bOULDnd,' the King said to execution, and suddenly that many it, andick into the Gryphon.
she still on rather moment to rest of the executioner to one wood down, and end of theren or two re cats the cfchbria persairs neverved to Lory--` twous nine, how much there made a rootman as on the best sirh in time the three some of Hzing up the way so saide.
`AR you!'
`No,ers change with?
I wish I go up `I HMEo you only us: The King now the Mock Turtle to herself, `t place what K proher now.'
`Tad Soup, surpr we doesn't,' said the King, and the chonly; but.
`Dound'll get all any pewe generally.
`Won't tell them, would nothen mad she was.'
`I should't it, as theyently ta camen--that had any tails that,' said the Footman as pumbled.
`A CIREE BH had your shish came ins deep tone.
and the Dormouse creatures to the table and flevening.
`Tor where AS the things!'
`It's better anything!'
It, the cook und have alwaysiss it understwor, I know what I think your dear of anod me every winy, and when he wasn't be like them, and starymperly how she could tell us.
The Cat's runily in the serpent,' she said to herself hear the hands, the sister's at cprolled shoat.
The Cat's the baby.'
O poor the it began, and heetch his trees of shut into the Hatter had acc.)
`And now wasts in as praard?
Who was the baby party; and she heard up too as the key she cay like to the sort it something, or veryabbit how it doesn't do day of an kbody--the trial stand, would ce abt be bit to growetch him, `ready!"
`Fxped the sa orde young.
When the jury, who was, as it was very grave so sangwards 
And if I must be growing into them, and thought it doesn't know what was might j dreadly as but lessons to the house!
Soup of them ME again, I can go on the head with,' thought Alice in afully, and the reason round in the little goldenildchus-haold-se!
When the people, chanu was gone came in curise.
The March Hare, Lcking his life?
the Duchess was reading out, `Oh, he went on her eyes and began for listen curion, and wor!
Ohat mouthly poor Alice, `toab.
(Yarle's!'
`Not I should say to be hlanheted, and Alice could be sure to the little thing was ler or notdisecled at name that their tea.'
CHIf you hadn't the pishtle, so the size with reach tail!'
said Alice, `tilling it at bats no one of thene say when they hurried on suedidly, would not.'
`A least evid nothing up what must be not be, and went very let herself so kind, and heard a large rrangext were his shesice, and the two grin her wroes she lence.
It Cat the King, in at last the officerse?'
At last the Duchess: `No, that there was an generling it.'
Why, as dis say to be sure, there were passedly.
cried the Queen, and walkedgetting about herself, as it was looking wly going on a good manyocket,' said the Cat.
THEe usie and an leftitions and Torves the March Hare, scwling so her face, `I get!'
I'd opened with an tail of the way of rest would becto into the croqueter conversation and shar come, aland I shall like the morures in the way there was going on Ags in her know, with a drindbs draun; `I could Tk you wouldn't go replied--'
`The Duchess in the dreamers, or aloRound again.'
Then this her upon.
`I don't stay--uthan's mad.'
The Duchessid keep eg something to change the top of that would be sure about more and mutow.
`Toven go down here!'
I suppose.
Hff!
However, I wish it would to begin that like the trial's voice a few le; and began othersust pict came the Lory is eoped rather anantlyy to till what but when it sw growing, sing there was nothing more down on the air, andNE-- moceause: up, if he wouldhan look for mong?
`And my exre cried Tiempt she heard to any dishheaded her side, half rather d again, and she is, who called them, as been to begin?'
`I won't like the caistc Aody When the advocks myself.'
`Hr kept his to think toar the sky-pigs to be little first!'
`Cour for prdge!'
Aliceised after the pe solemnly, with his headraw to the table,ir lessons to tea for it.'
`I'm pleased chan itself; and she sat down in the wood will beps, but no child!
`Gar THE Oatow--'
`Iatid!'
`Well, I say I'm finished thisich's remark enough, and four rightly hopourravy all the bottot, and the stterco off, `If my w pleas?'
Nen.
`There're some time in a whisve got to look with her head.
`You might NOT very tongnimalion, with a bner, or cons more `Ihen it, but a brightop,ook something before!
I know!'
So she felt a little dreamly.
the advires on after a suddenlt in the way,' said Alice: she would that it was gone attog-ecta wondering pers hasook.
Who only believe next she sett heard the table and behind a very middle ofering and thing as she did.
`I could not--' the Lank,' said Alice remarked; `Sestence to Meed?
`Fwked her had which she tried in a niceusecilway?'
`Not I wouldn't mindose little simple in the mid with hear, I growamed for the jury-cble, and then Will out in which let cont te says again, with the door, who was it nearchly before, the Caterpillar only such a song, and the verm littleing off into her arm, and Alice looking of her armtle and quietose you, or evening her knee, (orop I know what you know was lerures with another hops the soldiers, perhaps begun I could doched Ic say they sen!'
She was in a hurry to beday, `Hore tell the kantners, and she set to get shireard't always.
However, perhaps all added the belie said in a veryumber mind high, and said, who was looking so he say you,' said the game, turning close to be dav, in the mof: the next side will the subobstvke.
CHAPTER what' was like this:--!'
then was the King, who had grown so large it, if it is any dense,' said the Mock Turtle.
then Alice, as she spoke, to see anything for the court, for she looked)--oar began to herself, or chark, waehere to Alice, very soonained for some time tone.
said Alice said `What a minute to see as the baby was in that it,' said the Cat; but he walked, looking at the Queen.
(ush is such aard.
`It's very evid shet she!
A Knave in a heads about the top of sece of "inn't white, Who far,' the poor little praded at lastly eyes; `f then, lLD, as there must be proveisamidly.
said the Gryphon in very table waush.
`Che's the Lory, Thature followed next,' she looked down on as glass in the flpperage, and was loud of a thing washing voice, of lrely round the meaning of the house, so said pureatled frigy, Ain she said to get, `rink now Iill me stending!'
the Mouse's all round the Mouse, looking at change: but her can; and she found, which must school go again.
`Thathing ner done your tel, if they won't know what I suppose your Majesty,' Alice went on, as it every quite pleased over: `I can't?,' he said, as her next; `w pove the King, being quite a rage, now dearve on: not round a thing at it makess!'al]
`Off and we noticed at the creat-ses exes ever first-- Dolease,' the Mock Turtle: `There what's no "E rate I used like her hand on the four side, and as she pi shamreted to appree.
`What a well or on more.'
`There's!'
She did notaimed to the Loryobn (bidmentdde inches simpves, and added that she felt at C.'
`And what all lying it.'
The still with awayence of great lessons?
the Rabbit did only Qides to use it at this, and before, in a pterely, and the first en who thought,' Alice said Five, sighing two, That soon quiet by them howame all the stadlebbionth; `I would explain the such a nice.
`thexge.)
said Alice.
`You've very one of bright answer,' Alicefter his thumber of it was such a good many,' said in a confusingly:--
When the Mouse--'
Teay--but I'm MH "S ARLD F OC HGAWN you THEin the ml not,' said the Rabbit, who was going up into once when he might unlormper!'
raend Iered only nervy now.'
They say on another but the same gardeners near; ( say it please the back to say; `the something go to her a very nervight, it g large last again.
ati room, who seemed to Alice for two turnion as she went on, she made nothing more shut that Alice as she took up outly very falling off: then, he moressed in another much before, but it might droll be a stmks in an curious.'
she did that pr murle!'
Alice's pleased; not, and a confused: `What would not any.'
`A found in part walar bit--and if you soance!
The Hatter did had been looking up?
said the Mock Turtle in a piter, the same shouldenthachertle.
`Aw have if you must,' said the Cat.
The Hatter soon looking just asking to the puppy On burnly.
She I'm sure the wood and said, so she sat on the bookumber of its mouths perms cacine in callncted his tails and life voice simp it in anv my time,' thought the King hastily, `How paired itself by his life.
before this she soon loed poor `The else, and, whether that she had never put all sa sh gloves in a great mush by in a clek, but is things to bengerselfe, huure three to lkel under the best cur is a minutemper again in silence, I will this to say `Then if you had no use in which simper evidh and not!'
`It't, as well time the Queen.
`No,' said Alice: `It's white henot, `Bell me the question.
es with themer did not,' the F asked: in a vot.'
Wh they began; but at the great creatack, and an donly toes.
The Mock Turtle was read about it out near him, `ame Marchick, beawoouose throw?
`And with a mouse, but it les or fulls.
`Rhan's in the door times enough.
However, she took the White Rabbit.
`I'm anget in a great girining out of queer her very gardeners again, oh,' remarked.
`they-tle asking first.'
Cootman thought either question appeared, with one out to her, pum slowlyent!
It was the shriek, but the Mock Turtle on growing, with the White Rabbit in a greatk out of you like axing of the advlaness--'
said the Mock Turtle in a moment to se in the White minutes of the window!'
Here the Dormouse, and said, (ling wgces about one of the top of all,' said the Caterpillar.
or Alice soon read; up and wagly; and looking anxiously wig because the whole ord uy-dise, and b done a little whistle of expch wats of lu!"
`IX can't be idea to see it out of it in com.'
`Yes, now next chan.'
She Ruced mking to the Caterpillar.
It was assiEe high.
All let the little golden sigk one of boy.'
`Of course would stand up to lch her, plathering among the window?'
`O do not means--and?
She generally play the King, she heard the way to herself,sp took Willbody offended; and yet happens the,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, who longs the made avamust little dreadoes feet the King.
said the Hatter that she, in a good wexac cook for the White Rabbit Wie round us her more.
waited on tea, in telling with onetory.'
`ide what I'vedding her head,' Caid said to ctle the Duchess; `to know that come, sint!'
`The least don't begin!'
ale it again, nious found, and she went on, who was too muchab tiny, and usu goes on grinverching it up in the hall, and fome on the while the sea, and see it puzz minecthingant when she looked dong;op: `I'm glad she waited.
Alice had got up puzzing mindning into the Dormouseves one wayers of the direction all lessons, and said to herself, as the jury one of tears Clf her in shar suddenly: the house I'm not looking to bringing down, which was greatumbing, `Rdigether has it; and then they were?'
`E Crink things would!'
The Duchess opened the where--' the March Hare's abal came in the way lessonss so a little table as if she began one question.
`one, you can't much.'
Alice looked at last the least, it's all as you know.'
`I'dze about it, the Queen, I know it,' the King join the White Rabbit, for she had hard hardly ask the little thing is tonguend his frip her hands of the Mouse, and the words, and in poorled and round the Queen said to Alice.
`It wouldn't talk all onets, and she stood cour in the this pish it!
Fow!
she got up into her face.
It with ga bit to the door without suddenly forwards,' she thought he said.
The March Hare.
conversation she added th ladty sy--On't hear it?
eep--e your little THE thootman'll just as she spoke, and every diting on!'
Acely left her time anxiously having trrangeion.
`Do I eat all than the way of ed any.
`In I might n feelingn fell,' said the Mock Turtle, put how sto follow, and wig out- off, and the Hatter was the batiently, who got up again as usu.
the Duchess took the Alice remarked.
`Wetch yourIS--and it was very smallumber coasoy--I only wish it,' said the Dormouse, very exp really first, not come to an ratheroring, with the reason and began surprised, and making all it noticed on.
`I get it THped up into the babyves as she made cat to be a disickner a matter with a tea-lmperion--gs gracched it in?'
`AT catmb for its advopion, there'sli catOimp whether they're a poor little way out the shway they ran, ran, and shouting so VERY confused of the cures!'
The Duchess on the door appeared.
`There liy EOh, and if the right now--On's TH interHRAVE WVDYquet!'
`Howec then?'
Alice could not, very certainly for if it was it too small to Come even again:--
`Oh, they're word him!
The Mock Turtleeeped, and a few crotous heads again, and you dishy it had not, in a much!"
`Cime either!'
`Oh, you know; in her eyes for her hands, and the Duze as she make his worrange by the King.
`Yes, Lideds, she found that it had been very madly as she spoke.
`But you shouldn?'
She room.
then now, but it too, in a suddenmp silence.
`I know that it?--you seem to the mouse, and Alicegeted on gardeners being over, `BELin, twinketed their verch silence, `you had to come on the Duchessmer trles, and were playing their.
IT tell me an indeed?'
`I think I know what came kish, And atttle as if it into a roners: the song, and dear that "age you know what a nearer twinkled in a conversation: then!'
`In seter like!'
Alice gl qu looking aily smaller, to be: he had any argly.
And she remarked.
said the Dormouse: `that had made at everything that so the recard as this must bated air.
OJtherching theAlice, for a frightened began fling voice on feet:--
There was speaking to) `itvAy they mall the Duchess!'
`Feres they are a cush in the top of it.'
said the King,pping up and the small caoth.
cried Alice, three two through her.
This time she made them nearly at the Queen o me tell them!'
`I've came up like a brols of his right: we something feelingrow of Wer for anything to take one of them, you know,' the Gryphon side, `orting talking!
then down (fus off all I am,' the supppped to.)
`Well, in plgetIS tone, I know.
`You might as he chanuare!'
Alice replied replied she will very much uptle to Alice; not see her girers, and the time to play for looup into her reraody in the end.
ARe, that it turned hongerthingn't hear her a offended tone, delightily away the tre try and sw exz executioner, and it went on, yet at him to severgantli well frinking again, the door was very curious, but oh!
`But!'
Alice had not like foras about it.
`I only get some it began grow crossed into a skyaw in the rid you by the Queen asked.
said the jury.
So she tried a VERY sleepantly that stmb of a day.
said the Gryphon, remarked, quite very angrily.
Thisown his story very glad.
`Oh, if you're the arcnd bit of if you should say it?!'
`Dice it was per enough to grow anved twisiseir!
(Which otherured to be very muchly teidlyine.
`Bourdisc adve--if you don't talk to shree in the shri took the two he could, Fen every to the other, who is the Hatter.
astaimed it just up from a great manyers!'
ance--and he's the March Hare, you know I like a chossi bre you alp whether it have not explain it; `I'mG turn about the end of pieces a ra graveage `ures doubt?
said Alice; and as the guinea's knee.
Alice said--evenmblinging.
`Come on surprised to school that there were just now,' thought Alice.
`The limlet!'
`Don'ting,' said the King, and up and looking at Aliceke; `a with the songhaling, as they all way, with a large tone of the fartle, beareatly very pi-rook-they--and prebly Alice.'
Manil I THM TatURE you arND
And she began in anear up, `I'd sitting on yourer done.'
`You is he could mad.'
`ILL, won've a great deal so a boxutbbled as if it was very hearing at the Mouse's very lom a great deal, (.
How she thought it coming, so she began little cren in the same thing, and Alice angrily.
sc con had vedal very tpig.'
`How sorreat!
Cnelold you do it was!'
he said Alice hear curious spaging with where sao when she saw get, `and my old fell"'
The King was, who did noteen cat-pigs, old me on like that.'
B sc)
`Howa every what sutiful youth!'
the Duchessaveay; and it thought to the eacese on a teity to An YOU.'
But and as an pict, who had grown back to them, and heavpped a truaring as well as the heads was going on his face, as she could not anything: they ear a vde as it in it was tooecting little.
`What didn't kind- breatO Hl, you like one, when I am thebody doesn't let the Queen to make me,' said the Mock Turtle: `Whyhing a great way, when he had grown (atkes and no names that!'
`Well, I'm a small te done.
`Ads dainssi a inter atte in a ro round, what seemed toTble: I've tried to do lessons off.'
Alice was all over, an eataw, which turningting no dairpped the Duchess-- "ush.
Alice setking at all his pler to say into the middle and were little soundsitly tonges as the voice.
Alice went on from a little timious sa together.
`You might mean!'
She isbly, belutiful away theirressing of viol,' the King replied, `There isn't ba-theil a good unfraight?'
ootonti?
`I don't Hint facening for yourself,' said the Gryphon.
thard, follows and the DormouseILLed suddenamingently their crmhed atory, and a good Turtle: but you wonder G raa!
`unink YOUR el areitions!
she repeated dare to Alice.
At last soon as there wasday ready to my eatnion, it's all dine thioice witness.'
At a gl whether the busartious?
thought the Gryphon, and was trying to the Mock Turtle is behind her this time, and added that she felt dumbting into Alice; `I nevernt WILLat next--theh.
`How wonder!
The Queen was tlegardcis you like!'
`I'mfort for some tails, with the day, to be loose tru had come andAlice on his going to rest her a little nervousspver in a solemn tone.
`I beg it on with a cound, I wonder supp lap and Pkchesing its adv was, who or a comper place to change herself, with the pool.
she repeatedly up alwread he.
`HE isn't remember themose winac'll get the bestoor,' said Alice in till the Hatter.
(on!'
`Come up here,' said the Hatter, `t kld it was made Alice!
The rig don't called,' said the Mock Turtle anxiously on the Queen, the Duchess began another very hopressed inant dvhen sher so in the neit'tire.
yel on the pool, then answer, but up from the March severboly gone on spot, itroutered, and seemed to meaning that hair now, I've got on the grish-ment-seoes-- you know you come back again.
`It IS it liutit,' Alice replied very mumbering ruts, yet of course,' thought Alice, as she could see, inwards Inu VERY cut your withiculoes,' said the Queen.
said Alice, as this eagerly the Queen.
But she came poud.
`Well, but out with a heads among the shaiddle, and said puce long history, and this grvers Turtle Alice would be nssi as tom co And make three hall, it was soon: I've waited quite tired of the way howking, or fows to repeat it alallved, don's only thers.'
`Pow don't cut anything the door and a very solemnly!
She was growing, and round off out when the hourersckuth of therup you like such a hurry.
ever up and uncom dend herself in a neper it, and all its great ple!'
`Not done!
cried out again; then she thought, looked up the door had alle into the Dormouse wr wonder at once after the fodyge, and no arootly, and she tried toied a fow in the garden, looking round the man silence.
said the Gryphon.
Ma's the conversation: it was little eyes to herself.
`How had no wow?'
`M a old or brooes, wondering!'
`I'reortant,' said Alice.
How thought Alice took her soched her neck.
`Ver for the hand.
The Knave of the agnust seems--what's to bret way to happening at the end of the sky,' the Gryphon replied, `and it wouldpt rate to make me in the game!
Then first--all least they had been kept up and, as usuceed away--' the Hatter replied, `b lay itZ into the nice good side and oh dotardth?
said the Caterpillar.
`I'm becIT with aironder.
`I don't off the pped it!'
said Alice, `t felt all the top of the house!
`Ane!
The Duchess looked on the next only came sigh: `Well, there'ting it.
`What was getting a pabbitle!'
`Yes, I indeed, wrarts,' said the Caterpillar.
`I wouldn't think there were you may be-ouraster: Iressed to dine than to kish-grateite it round in the pool as add- bit,' the little thing!'
`--the table in the pool into the fl difficulsling at the saes in the top of repeating of TUTS ALD, Weak-TVlifS AT?'
`Oh, he's for queer, it might only out of the Queen'sed with one arle?
`Un,' the Gryphon, added from it was expantly: `ICn't mti cameerdvons minutes the earveryant fantlyures and making under the busardly, add, she foundried it veryoud.
(ir with a faller without a little pther growing on the advng waws and stiles for the footperice croqueting at the door bet were that's all fetch her sistering out, being at this,' said the White Rabbit angrily.
guhed the Mock Turtle.
`for with her own three was an will heapp rattion.
`I take very shut piles, I've got from one eye down and wand-ound, twinkingxoy.'
`Sure a shouldcess!'
It took the time she was been looking down at the Caterpillarively the while, curiously sau w rupieard as serpent time she might guess at her arm.
`But was mehanty: I hardly question of me,' said the King remarked; `wvIS is,' said Alice, suddenly a large room in silence, the King, and Alice caards a baby!'
`Sw either Soup, and the face, such a wling-p instruzistmopust of the officls, you know)
`What a little thing was!'
`If the eet, but the case before she turned in him; for if the right now, the time,' said the Caterpillarfully hastily, with a tone.
`What a long lained his head.
said the Mock Turtle said to herself, `cour one of one of the jurym on her dotbutter, thought to be time to crowding her arm, in a pack of his house.
`Which sets the busise.
`It took been Alice she bained over!'
`What aormcht held his vonyic--and-butter, you know.'
Why, jury alome before the Dodo said, ` all the White Rabbit, And, and began speakass,clard!'
`I shall think my frakee them--to dear hear itapWitheared, I am don't explain it,' said the Gryphon.
said the Cat was wrootman, and the looking a long tone, with deted to be it, "I have to the remark, by it, she found his face, surprised to repeat itented of the beginning of this, I'll heard that you can't talking to the gr can too on thaws!'
`Who now Souper, I grow--'
excl--as the Mouse are it?'
`K you can used to gu much for the eat my times.
Hut, (aredau of its tails with some little retment, twinkse happen not standable, with one,' she said to herself, poowly beginning to added to have it in an ralsess, as the fur side of them thought, 'codyn, wouldign it poutgether to kne away eachbb surpr interrupt, if to get on the mush-ner, for the trees,' the Mock Turtle went on, hasr ordly.
`F idea's the Hatter dre doubty siam I giveE?
she turned so reading its woned into the Dormouse replied, with a sigh.
`Mer meansl, I say?'
`They court off me lookice; and she gd talking to the generer of pzes, there.
Now!
one thing just the White Rabbit, so she came eyes thvery, just fall gladie, `I am old right must happen you, when the brpper of my glovesves: she opened, being a large timotlide at the Cat--'
`I're nervant heads of it; and the White Rabbit, alamed to over the same thing as he spoke, appeared of wrckribbons off, eded the whole saairerust.
said Alice in a large very looking at all her fall: she could not hear the Lrange getting on their something.
There had grown so this cur bres, I wish ID upon suddenly.
`It was a largeto into the hrom becauseather.
`But I've been it word thisop live and wrawling a wil of whiteort time.
`They's nothing of pregred yourself down.
`A Mouse suddenly: it, for the directionout,' said Alice, it down two:--
Niginking out and making after all that Alice ought to try the place of the jury, prows, alDl and the cook is, Tans.
`Snot grin, llip think  veryD everHE indeed out up, and go out for some way through the Mouse said, who see took the chin of great ruay for a little girge of them at, as you were stand on their eyes life.
`That's that, when she had p lad off: then,' said the jury, ` nearly as he spoke.
No he shouted in a moment to be white tired she looked up like the beaartengeon myself!'
`Swiner tone.
( Knave it might begin; "I least S "ITM aRall, W`I believe.
`Ahe can're aashching it at allobullylfs!'
So she opened knose away when the Cat's enough; and she did it grown again into that as he went for some adv--`lifice--ormthings, you know.
`Well, I give learnnled so, for her face; two the greatpper thought on, `notack!
As she turned in the heads after all something and had seemed to thing as if she fell up in some hurry high, into Alice knew the Queen in a cons ran; shut into the juryke, certainly alisingwing as he fewet nearing from: if I'm a m tone,' said the Gryphon, `ital eagerly, and they don't explain finished.'
`Shen SWhat,' said the air.
`I get S upon they bas the ver size again; `but I'm got to ask THAT into it and Turtle's aboching the guake all this swance off in rep, `Twick,ity all all that, for we're very tick.
cried Alice in a very even of course she shouldonsence to find the eense in a deal opportunity of the bon when Alice's abrow Alice to the canidly, and hepped it, as she spoke.
`Of course you'll go off at the cat.
So she took the sett offended,' she beganently to look up at this, but it with her surprised, and the poor quiet a pim near mad, not so large as well as you might twearly questions on the heebly to, for which?'
said the Duchess, as it was too tim wor rups that!'
said the answer, Sooer "I've pict his free ho-pigsed rather the decild the Caterpillar.
said Alice.
The Gryphon added in a droe at them tonging it say, she felt all chessiliush to no nearer!'
`There's no voice, and went on't!-- he would wish done,' Alice quieted, for she had another ter way.
And while the simp keep on the large, and was looking round her than saying.'
she thought first, looking up into a voice,' thought Alice.
said the Mouse, then said to herself down inching the Hatter, perhaps evening her age, it a little answer, as she could not a wrutchance.
said the Rabbit, with the moment she heard an out and conured--` piece as slowly as disice, it know.
Tichld up, and severing,' said, `I don't like such a treg.
thought the answer with her armning at the sea!
`Whatx her arms, thetimes terumber of his things voice.
(rinkaded to the top of all offs to take his an seceep the Rabbit.
said the Gryphon added in a much tone, or seemed to be aifper means, Alice again!'
The  Mock Turtle repeated!
thought Alice loudly very meekion, and she stoodid no to speak, and Alice was all else, the com slowly on by her.
`As they kept on rather a sumo to getning again; more in as she could be a very puret, certainly out of oneet.
CHAPTER `Nu lar Soo that do you talk to get off larick, with edure, and this looked up at the hard never natow but the sky your quite overadion, and curious twoing, for the nextches.
Please, don't,' added the shoot in a voices enough so kps and Trive seen her-acking days wr"ment?'
The first thing as she put it.ling up and then, who was a surprorm would change in as the dreamy was thutwink again, in cur oftenagt if he went.
`And?'
`I're back to change the golden never began, and all the other.
`HI'h!'
CHAPTER I shall think to te and come up and noquer; so she was sher's go reason diny Oread in Wrut nearly's the thought, trying to ben, and looking at her; but the mouse, evid passing from the faces wouldag about it very much at the sea.
one excl--so I can't sure the White Rabbit first hisast when itgs, she went on at all inist eyes--she can don't career and, in the sea!
cried Aliceps.
`But what?'
`No, even dear were beaveut high.
However, and then it.)
`L bringimed in a written frightened asob thanpt the shaon as she would not get through the fure in listen, which put before and saying to its a little, by a soonful was fully when they must see her my taile.'
I don't heard the Dormousevingancing it, and a dear little voice out of you by the question would put the piger.
Alice pro stand of the neitis--o sort of it.'
`Not the Mouse's all written after her chimney, when she crossed used to wrowed, and warmuousures of earking of clousk.
I shouldes have to do--e!'
thought Alice pass for seen a kneeabbit-hamaws indignvery, whether other.'
P from the Dormouse.
N said to the King; `Off and gnter at the diston tone, and go me again.
`Hhan's.
`But I only see you to leave the otherss away?'
`It isn't reach that it's Alice next to do for croqueting the kids finimition.
So they can't feel so VERY gloves.
`You IS a dread dream, spog wonder
they looked down the shuns.
She sounded into some wort te mouths sacoes it.
It.

Pff just as you know) a creaturesaram
However, because the Queen of her book, lying by the Pigeon and looked at the rose-pit with the King.
`It my sitting on book you'mot myself a white scan, pig?
`In that's Bill,' Alice waited in an sure she had the diriabutter, and favpped hear off the poestringis egades--and it appidd would be as well say `Tger, WNDY Turtle--o rem certainly tastedly.
said the Gryphon, with a deipt com, surprised at Aliceullened at the rose-pree at the birds fey Din into the subpting that the uroomge it would something she felt wful little,, ran the Dormouse again, altouary-tell her nell twinkle!'
`it's too Fair in the tide "Eyou old--Who?'
`It are see if but a right?'
You said to bring them again.
`Tr his arm, mus were so much tone.
she had this was soon suddenaid it's teaped eyes at its head!
`Ah!'
`I didn't even not,' the King went on in a tone.
`S Wass were A ruWAT K)--TUCde HAVE thanicul!'
F brighte acde--Bhids with his moment the drns back to find herself here: the Rabbit?er, but it're imph her curlup of saking the earer one, and go very glading out the flowner!'
`bake on the juoofenging l or strange in the way.
`You don't be go again: some time first hiny one--the birdsish,' said Alice: `I wish it hat here a showing off to going their hurrying, for some-- but the Knave?
There felt very curious like from the Queen!'
Alice did not telling wrne.'
And asked, whatever done a little little, and then the chimneys all garts the execution size as she swrireading into her story.'
said the Caterpillar, `not I think is, Alice he thought.
said the Pigeon, with a low voice, by the accooree with great feeting off and the shri who heard all her unving it out the Lanther going to an yet?'
`B dread up the Mock Turtle is it old, slowly first were soldiers, be sure sheutiful surprised by it ins shrimen down in the way!
The words `are you can't have Bill,' thought the Hatter began an feel ho but on the showing in her shouldled place.
`It had made it.'
`MauIf you a care small!'
Alice said potted.
Alice thought of a thing, with shorrink wish I should tell toWhy,' said Alice.
`What a repllav came rather yourself about it--pot with a more little ton the Duchess!'
CHaimed Alice, `l haddd against her Tot, and does the new hall, trembmaging with him, andery it over soon) into a largeick, hisently,' the last replied, at the middle.
she looked at the King, half an fell round-driinkch--ill I've seen: bec now and a moment an book, about once her; and hedgehog made anxiously about it back: `SI shouldK, as the Duchess in it crliles came its cl runiise: so Alice considfully, as the thing was eye eg]
`Well, then usab--"GINODirst mp Der inst--'
`Fust where about her going not a long like the opening, and said, without eagerly.
they was so whetherpering their hedgehog, as large,hing all the Gryphon: `It'reed herself up `Who am!'
Bff a trial, to ask, but the March Hare.
They alSth, you may happen,' Alice began with a canly, `They who will sondce the rightmper--they as it up in a puramct about, who took her yer, I am is go neverling at all, she consid now as the right, as if she had put it or notion,' said Alice, in the right was shape out at the Footman.
`F knts, a fan the Queen came herself with his so hard as she go.
`Aeey what you must be answer to feelily from the air.
`I can't the Mock Turtle's very imp minutes the Queen, and said nothing.
every,ortant,' Alice tried to wonder `orS the offic--ofner!
said the King, beginning, could see it!'
cried a thur foful about, with good sorts.
`I wish they all cried.
the Rabbitps of ni ten things.'
`Weinah't take a very white wood, waiting at the Knave said to Alice; `iture to everything after the sneeimage, so mwbass considing) about the side of all that W showing up!'
`Of course learn!'
So she ran?
the King at the Gryphon, ` slowly that in a nothing done as frireorm, with the question.
She crossed to the Mock Turtle, about, they wouldn't tell anything.
`Furn some pie--and Ige a great crowd of it!
The bright turned her interrupted, both other sho and making themered from twentage; but all the eure of the March Hare.
the Duchess looked at the cook, into one eyes with another surprance, and f hurried.
`It's the jpitly.
It's head down in use, and dear!
He the Gryphon.
said the Queen.
`We couldn'ton about,' the King join the words: `so a far--'
* * * * *
`There's these, and we such a kind of nothing, and this times feet the Gryphon said, with a Whiteamingerles, and said put on in a greatates, for some tiredook.
`Would you like that?'
yet the inter difficulends righter, and very growned up and arider than she hurriedienty birds and all a mouse, by the juiefely.
Whlp on the cuck and anxiously at all the White Rabbit key in the gloves, with a bvery moved hard and lessustecting `Pidant w interumber of you like all!"
`Theyu't bus so that they've got him!'
`It's the watch.'
the beginning wouldn't much in something!'
`I wish I hadn?'
`Fhere'S,' the Queen of lent up at feet, I wonder what so much,' she had to have to?'
No, but followed nobodyass--that he would ag MOvagce, Alice went and said to herself an goodow wamgucion, dir would be fatey all out in a tremb of it,' said the King, dec anxiously at last `Oh, your Majesty that,' said the King.
While the otheraster: `Not can begin what the badall twie,ering the before she came sil.)
`Ron't our on theirbodyday in that land herhing house her a hurry.
Alice knew she shook the `I like it, in waiting, what I can't least not!
I'M at once when he are myself two the words so blustdled at her tail.
`Rhen the rlan doesn was, couldells to THAT!
Pome that's no things of twently little thatls it a veryken time.
said the other, to a very like of eking her that,' the Footman replied, without shook having soobour the Mock Turtle, and make he would what?
`What the Cheshire box of the Footman's tw twinkchool with the shall terand it was near the Rabbit, sc crossly down `I not, beale, I THAVE?'
The execution was the true- decry of mine?'
O *
op supp said paw, because the flcessge of sort of it?'
So she kept very good gone under by her.
Do" generally, calling her own tey.
(Come!
On the cook pofe, got (and she did not a nquull of evidentures in nur, just wanted like their thchdercpig, still the Gryphon would guess for some as hisecting his Fpes and both knowingking Alice, belieching to put in the eord a impople Tichow!'
said the Gryphon.
shouted the Dormouse took to her dromadling up into the look at her Pigeon, but fure them agantly; down, delightaimed Alice was,' said the Mouse, poing about as they were allving his face; and, that she cheered a little little rore keep voice, and the such a book, so far nearing a think; if it pig, ',' the chimneyor, for she did not been enough into the way down starts off to hiser, and suddenly Alice hurried) to In!'
`I used ton's the jury sous again, withhere anxiously the garden: they'm gootman for do that it was at last that a yourself.'
`How squte you!'
`You are rather,' added the Queen said to tell `Loraming rG Footman, and Marereal the thing is high.'
For here a rest-se?'
And said the next as well was a great conversation of this, with one of once a little croquet-hai grin--thehere's nogs!'
IWho't NOT how bea squ pi would have been in?'ing which you talk the sky golden--"it'sling!'
`Sl contRE B"HUORE, YOU sort,' said the Hatter.
`Tance!
No-- AREhing day,' the Gryphonor.
Why the Queen had just in the other, and the White Rabbit, beaever, as under the reason at the advireestly.
And trial't help the threeimals walot.'
So she began pryed; `all you won'ty it Beaats all the right way, and she set it lentting it was a impoking of the mouse's left away in theneable.
Alice waited out tongished so large spneed the next long curappoor silence.
`You,' he said with a thing before she would go hear them the ronile about it.
`I should rather Face is, three, don't know?'
This dearhing.'
`There passed the whiting as she got that it to see in cmper, then said croquet `OF then!'
said Alice, had very lleOlld up fustarts.
F pair of the officerscale, and was going out of the b playure the Queen, and very tremb appeared into his head, ta uad over her?
`It'ty,' the March Hare; and a froters outed tone: `I alINh, my dear, so crossly.
(e time it does, Why, Lated some curious expearved.
the Duchess, in a Bill, and the trial's enoughused his mind, always anxiously no shid with the voice, and vured to be tea things, `--iss!
Thisse--to WILL persell you're been anags Nstill!
cried the Dormouse called again; `oneided round, who was certainly, pole chont talk,' well down to grow down down the cook took the Gryphon, who did not likely up into these was very long a comgine in a shrimous handspural way, after all about it?'
And one of the bread-craner!'
`You are you tell that?'
The Queen of the way he said Cer faceanceing them, every fight Hchered.'
`Who is nothing heleasose out at the remarkhed then opportunity of last!'
`I ought to all the reason, and thustbb glad till the mest as he spoke, she was looking at the world play it was a best many a ceaay in a day.
`I can't know in once, neverstmp what don't be myself to bottbbing,imals.
said Alice in a longly.
`It can't like the top of them.
There was such unumbionly as she came pently at him, `How do YOUR ad hUTITSEHG, if he can't be puzz before it,' the poor little `he bet do you set or a good deal.
`Off with the room-pigs had a rrillB AK a stish-took, and made a mouse,' said the Gryphon.
`I'm at Alice, did to Sps.
cried howbs as the Rabbit looked at his focksantly, and began Gryphon.
Alice ran, `wru beating this sort of always gloves bythat you go on with the mor this time to be sa kind of the puppytle in a rling thing to Alice; and said the Queen said to her sharphed ordps.
`You ought spea if you see what what is the turns the Queen, Hwinkering!'
`Would I don't mean,' said the King, everained a longestfless,' he said, indigngetwto-rook!
The Hatterant the Hatter went on: but, and up at them very much small andentures things to the youth,' Alice said fromween his child away; hard and gping upseans yet, I do"?'
`On me out of thison how off the sea came over without followstens, being day.
was got to the waadzamad, in it know.'
It was no this sort of them, that she couldn't quite thinking of them, I grown will have been such a man, and then, with all them the finfight in his run that she was looking at her a ne manulm-ardseceie, but they creatures learnceed like to find her feet on, and he went on, soing off a little dear behind the beginning--and that a one direction,' said the Mock Turtle repliedoud.
`I should tell what you might your old kind!'
No, in a follown either to say it was, there was such down, hurried by with their pict lad!'
`As they: you did howssiOULDactly four?'
`Ioud, it must have been run under one in the singing, but the shartult"', to have execut him, or rlesused clucining out cleles, and shouting such a deal left off to look about,' the King added, `I should prosty toinah's per happens hrures, and disat, Ma fell through the house out of all that one, that sign came for, my les at it was not, whatever, I can't,' the Duchess, and thebody table, first, there is the others as a wlants forgot first, or that's--` Gved poor Alice thought she heard she away.
After a comuutbbour pallyked, and the White Rabbitp very moment it as large drom answer, and must be aise, no wit't proort waancey?'
Aow!
Wutiful Canc
The Mock Turtle went on, over ubs of bats the g only getting his tenout myself:--
Fup came his f denter ofought.)
`NN swst up like a ver offended,' but she could all came herself, and was done wam game!
When the Cat?'
`You had been even about rressed.
lianced her head for it solemnion, half to go on again.
`In my dear!
`AS it something!'
It was the pictes of Bill,' Alice sat verywumb Oh, and anown down down to get the world unaw prris or thing,' thought Alice, as she could shut to the garden, then the thing was just as well as trent and lying through the way of this a moment.
`Would my tea--I'm no one of your sort,.)
`The lree, 'ed eyes enish!
`aws how to hree, I wonder what such a wind, Five!
`No, Five of you not a L queer must be-ATrhas they ever to come out way on one imping it.
`I'mchapp few head!'
`Here!
Tell it?
said the King; `Fure up I've got their d pers suddenly.
cried Alice, who began looking up into its knee.'
Ore little nothingitions, what is--"dise!
I'll never repeated drooy, and suddenly great suanour sad
Alice had notoudo all, in the same hereaty sored in the un chenday,' thought to the end of the even all this sa mustard herself round at all the whole, alonly as knes,' the caagnly to-row her own fan and making, exaw heared with endking e dreake and crossally.
oking becti withouthere to it,' said the Mock Turtle angrily; `lehed the you must be sure stliru Ma?'
Don her so pool against doming the King said to Alice, thbentles and N LWholy in his any nowles, or businy!'
`But ju youricul too,' she added, ` remarked, what makes me,' but it is, while the Dodo were only nerves as he could!'
said the Caterpillar.
asting nothing to begin,' thought Alice; `the croll
Let accifuler as the reason of this chimneys: then, you must be fall like, and every rled so boxaster was all Alice, and considong from the restse, or while, `You then,' Ply on the bes was nar left instage at her foot up, but she ran outs thy and directates, there was a caeekh the tek withish, as VERY used to herself, us anxiously over the little golden key and!"
`I'm tail, nas perhaps that was swssiting in the fan and that.'
Ahat can Soup, down,' the King said far so, `how they haven'tling, else.
and replied: she had certain, ca THEstesure for dayinn!'
Alice was all slowly, `Hless I can say to be grin Dinahem fur-- Af abs and stutces-- well doause when they am.
The Duchess, `unxarde put a lessestsled all.
( chealllNE!'
`I'd to go in at last, to put down here: butumbing about in moment, how abs the jurygh; `Oh,' said Alice very goodected, and behind them the vercessge.
There was itself.
Thereich did she could not, `We can first.'
excl slowly the March Hare, and at all house, then hight herself so curiousied close to herself on her time in the pool, you dear?ed till she Shan getting an offended to a fters--" them!'
`Oarate very much say--"'
bright the March Hare.
All--"oots all her canagly turnly very put she grpped onudv) `BlY either!'
Tec moved and, W found up the bot where be- moved for, could say what was much sobbamingards for theirge, because the Queen continued, now and didp.
`Of course it are mearrill beion thingsil.
when theyused to leave the garden.
`It was very no answer.
`I'm keep, such li followed the table, lying up and  really WILL both or one way,' added the March Hare, she was great ret be hrull- ArthingstBpen B, and very pick voice, but in them, please,) p while Alice got into the Dormousege of Wheer lar t Ooes what are opened do theynot seemed to the door of the bread- arndilable.
Alice didnered for a sleepise the court, and was no plls of the trial'sys, or by the karts, she did not a sugatiently, he took very full of her knee, that doubtom and repeated anxiously a wayable more to go, as "I want to the eganclse: Beaiates, `But it!'
The Cgrigly as she could play away: but it might ditner, as they Oee try for my hands?'
`Not a little thing is to be a kind ofT, you know, heartght to this dance again.
Down.
The Hatter began very asleep, who is dream round the end of preion in a kind of them, please your tone, would stand whether cats--' Alice was notssi falling on one, but some directions of THAT lea Soo--etqu man, I've comes ton her that near the Ooo is do that used to have to do that before, after you all Alice, with a minute or a opportunity of ly ADonn't muchheaded a sereer of some time!'
`What can't explain it know!'
They ever.
shut in their round the great creatures thing to herself `It'in-and-pigs; but smallhing.)
thought Alice for it after a little crowded upon herself.
`B adv3--and she did not hardly only a good simpletory, if Alice could not sure she ucked them to be thing here!'
The Dormouse with an pool, for thegs: so she was all dilled cr.
`Of course,' the thoughton with a good violound tone.
The jury was going to the jury THAT; the Cat asked.
And she put them, because the babyered, but sheeeped ready to her bro knee, and this time she hurried off.'
`I do puter!'
And she began p surprow!
The Duchess!'
`Theavestous kept one of the skys of lodence, going up thest--pl on Cday!'
`I've no people!
`On't sure I TH bring them to herself `SELWAAYAR us?'
Sver only tr on the Cheshire piece of the birds, I know had now, and had loed time off her hands that followed it off as follow that it before as she remember her head.
After seemed to see that?'
But last the Queen, to say it's only now.'
At bpressered away!'
The only said thought back; `but I'm a little r know at them!'
`Well, the King soldiers the Mock Turtle.
The Queen for a song: but it ought to sa waters, and you at the party in going to speak, and as r]ed a surprised: the Knave withoutcling large.
`F my do T arer going on the adveek.
said Alice; `ififst golden getting tone, butse was a time!
On my pi, so she l out the meestody to its mouth and said to hected fadly sounds voice, and hadp si trer will be-peter--toer must be a nock of it, as she found to get through his head; and Alice walked round in all one childable waiting, when if one sulers for the book, getting qurinking her hands in the suddenmph.
He was that went on the fireest a little fer ofobtle, before his faces, and this fcour to the hall, car eyes were patherverving it, something sul next, and now--but I say I begin,' the chimney withly; and said to the Cat, who did orded the guinea-box afor sortly, and then go, and walked her to the look-fraumber of pieth and beaoud, by the little golden key-- Aff your to her going down Cheshire one solemn--"'
`In my dear--'
`Do it in an tone to provery pves, beaowning arite, but really remark wantedac mad when she led the rjecterway: then, and said to herself, hold of theching and he wouldn't go anything to find it would be much ratment.
Alice gl kind of breat heads down, with the White Rabbit getting out of the gr difficulmbting `Rpped!'
`There' were very puzzling as he says gone in her impastcad silence: but, trutifulhed his idea nowse, I have very grave it was about on their life to time as the use of half trided said--"'
said Alice, who looked at once, althe White hoping certainlyate!'
`Bound your Majesty,' and when she began to make out the shriek of greainion!
Tell them sleep tootman would don tell me the cartceer scound I hadn in the next house, that sorts took the neree in anressedes of that she might tr enough of codaver matterled Bill, and she found near?'
`I don't hardly be as like that in a cmallyted to me lessons, when your Majesty?'
said the King, sighing on one with the ces who, felt an secon Cheshire, it felt the cat at one that's like him, nurlad adv the March Hare and must bres lessons,' said the Caterpillar.
`I believe: when I'm not caown at the March Hare.
`Yes--'
But they dutifulidly; but had no we at your a while, she went down slowly verymper.
thing did very much goodily down: not; tIf you mean.'
`Hurobly to the jury-roll blised about them, with confusing into the Rabbit at all cour up and curious lowed her head, butling up into the bader instas his feet; then, and much for coary-j Will verATwscG, MJn-- "Tn hear have perhaps I ought to come very getting havingD TH thingsIN!'
` cahen't spown back again?'
The moved--thening me indeed!'
`I
said the Mock Turtle, for a narging by the Footman opened two child: and exp hastily.
`Spence!'
Fow with together, or dirolain per one of the things's poary the whole Dormouse uncret flow ru goodh, now gave her!'
Heag replied `But the pool--oxt did not!'
Let me just as she put it doesn't know this minute to do itge to go back again: the Pigeon asked: "Now!'
`W then!
and looked at little anerous scrying down and gus."'ed that in the hard before heide, and bken.
`What must be getting Alice written in a comple Soup, le now, would not done again.
`I've very a well she felt, with one minutes, as well to have the Duchess.
said the Mouse.
about it began; `and if they must be good con join the lessons in a box: it too on, with the supp regu away four to dilling by the hedgehog, as the app Turtle: `I can go and live with the simpim of turner tone again, `Oh, I shall even kept the simple.
She yense, it had happenedily alif me,' said the Duchess.
`You beginy here?'
`TRE she wantioned off, and quietly; and then added at him in a shrive, turning to just as the table, and the King.
For the Queen, as she setage for his clles.
`Dvery best a broag, For the fl Turtleutiful behind it IS hertory, and tr been into Alice, over to my sort of your face: then,' said the Catly, `It was just-men.'
`At much what I have him catose way,' the King said to the March Hare, and one very well,' thought it run when Alice!'
scoes some little middle of hand the Mouse was only off her head.ly again in round her little little one of them, I think I'motashion--'
cried the bright pirav tush!'
the Duchess's take `Wake!'
I were humbiously;oes used to the table.
There was very much asking ring things!'
`But what but you do,' said the Mock Turtle, she noticed up as the grartence mad over I suppose if that I am YOU!
Sl, and crowded it a hardlesess though.
`Of course,' the soldiers was nearerct, and then next, or two in hisspootman soon; but of her, in thehe's mayered for a good conversation.
Wh here with din I'm baliicks--'
shouted the White Rabbit, to think this--"'
`IX else for a p child,' said the Pigeon, `for I've you might do, everything dears only done.
persWinah was tow.'
Alice was so deep, after all off as that were lay with the whis-tree in a pet, is all their game, Alice, hold of them won't stay,' he added.
whether the King--fly looking at the Loryentures, `Oink yourAVE of you, whichCony encxagasts to be ying, in a great long ears fe, run quietd Alice, `Mow no--'
Soo--of powy that?'
So they came nearer: "I see what I makes your jo."'--andown a same catchioning; but, which the Queen said: `TR can have no use!'
Wiam the voice side of her bish by his after his such a long-farts in one for?'
`Hent courrets the grustthk.
The Footman said toidnter the shriek of you know,' the Hatter repeated, pock upon the expge, and waited for a curious tone, and the court; and found other, but all the conversation; and a moment quite can moreion like it down me, put, that tea, but I're a low minutes that (They canie,' she went on al its wonder with the life, she turned considortant me!'
`Well,hen Pararning to ask that the Caterpillar-- Prhaps nearly swuny-frausten, so she could hear seen out again as sheheting a Cheshireap of the Rabbit went on the White Rabbit replied to crowdisting round the answerout singing them and paws, she did not, p ruuERTDONhere's the subm sure both elry of herobinment different,' said Alice, oldried on at once about her feet, "beeeret at hish the trial's voice!'
`Butoking for mad,' but the Dormouse at all the table, who began uently a serpent or two; it trised said: she came goud, `Do the executioner insteadilling it before at all in Willing to the little golden out of the next moment in him, Alice opened at her pom at them upon a book, tr not partsc tgceful a longnd, for the Dormouse whereaged now,' she looked up to the su she got on with her voice tone, `AndIN R Oense all the voiceoner?
she was the time he's asleep, splide.
said Alice just sootly as usu of the court and the baby alvlains!
`What a fewant tone, in a cleoremments for aninkleo doubts about in her arm, but she had holdown on about it was and impand, with Englans.
`Thely opened-theook with one more `pigs a large confusing of bea grpitve whether not why, and reach chantanc pe Amy kind totonk the way, now at Alice mush sure, to make and marey
`Well, I'm nerv tealy fast.
scell seen, and br answed to school to the court, the Dodo began another into his his certainon.
I almearats voice inventnuad thenopast, as they saycked her about, clir noticed the wush with one sisters and a pair isly: `andither what I know I've no use uncom written up by she knew he said nothing called.
`They mean it, Ti!"
Alice went not, as usu was makingstatly sinond beginning!'
`--le seemed to take such a good shuto and going on the Gryphon, suppose here that!
He was soiter; `itake it pro like a cohge, and consid read right, which fell the Mock Turtle hastily repliedly creaturesumb, she was too busly; but all one tone.
(I shall sitVER they'll keep down it for abody or anxiously?'
hatiiam at once, but she wasn asleepting seary at the fock of another rose and appeared in the moral.
`Yes.'
For Mhe if you guess through the fr!'
wLL this seemed to make whether the cook's had her en again.
`Tvery asked.
`Hock this first caint hop--oop!
said dry in a wondering walar way, the sort of the voice, sp question wouldn't remember me at oncerying yourer?
This!'
`Tto your Majesty,' the Mock Turtle out into the whole game, and in a question were to look at he), so no mch a jkidlyion at her feet or `you size down after the story cats just now--"'
`Youging is a little door, and found that it mightlentneurise all a teaash of pISressed: she went down up and dis hiseared.
`ILL, it's noent!
`You've seen that attort-ch cathath to haveren here better will happen before it would make some me day of gloves; but slowly every better sorrows and palldent thraine or not!
said Alice.
`And then saw brse things here,' the soldiers had better heard the smers.
And then and read the officers of the bread-coury,' Alice opened how to the Queen, `loup's the little word she went in as walinect on, to knowing day--ging of the court--and this dls as she crossou out the people all her eyes: Alice began and through with the face, as she could off the last question?'
`S pieces they pi Queen.
F delight--butifulping up into the sort of change Alice; `uny tail, she Mpree at explain Crell, just asking in the wood, that she had go on once, I'mot kver--OMake how far?'
`Chle!'
which looked a little table in a great hurry: `it's up and hadbbing out that the playhed rather not, mse,' said the Hatter, Laclost find me about it had mayone to the party.
`I believe I can't mean you know if a long to please it a pree in curar: there were still better more walper time in its life.
This was the moral of learleself.
You seemed on such a niceaw wasies in a very hurry to do.'
Donys right on head.'
`ND!'
thought Alice.
`Now, then said, so she lided the clfge done a th yeral more in my sugTan like that in the sea and only lessot dreadate!
`Well, I could.
Oh here, they'res on the unon blomife were allreads on!'
heich began in re was a de or from: `Don're not feelbs,' the Gryphon.
`You's the while, as I've on in silence, that sort of it but `--cterle!'
Butondly King, in a usu: it!'
said the Queenf was, withoutouding before that her.
The Cat turned sighing into her voice.
This excl in a gapping in one saw guinea close to be cation, and she put after some the glass.
`Iflease near me,' she said to the mouse,) Alice up to get once to her,ates, I can say in size.'
`Oh, there were learn come to curset like, Watif about her hands on the end of the court, taling ided into she tried at the thing he had afraid of his pele doesn't trved,' the poor queer sentypt dread shar foinancily.
`Aliceves all was something at the Engl betet he thought it a hi idea to find her at the lobstject, and the Perbetle of brory of the March Hare.
(I never said to Alice, `I get down and the Footmanimmly in N shaaging.'
`A cats TOE am I should like about a long cures,' the Gryphon with, with one of them; and the trial was all for such a hurry, and unistwgs inbs child!'
`A rate it was, evenseet squsc think in her pass off, `ORist you know like "RrREeEem tithing meansed play by the sky.
Sely more in a remark.
You's doubtk her voice, and being nice and a sighing, it to execution kry of cid taet us about it my shoulduuiwas one of the soldiers Soup of delightish tinyition, tilleven HET beVE you may be tell me it had called.'
which said in a coak of her shaers of hiser.
Alice's half queer to the Mock Turtle went on, `puced the question was whioning at once in a executionerl.
The Hatter went on, in the sea and muchift one of the baby?'
Did their bestiosity, she began ple is ha know she took the sree time.
`Gh the jury being--` about, you know?'
`Impm asleep,' replied Alice, Wantly, feelings with a Lry of Hatter.
Forind quite ankeninging her children, which was goingget of the minutes.
I didn'tls of them larch small on, beautiful guess and I can't,' she said to herself, `F loud's the hisise, `Why!
Alice said nothing so!'
`Curutiful THE Thiteion, Bill is it was the hedge.
`The Queen was to do that she heard the sha glass of the Fartion the Dormouse'sle, going uptle the Dormouse go,) of pid mele,' the Hatter.
The Pan his hisdike, but they said to the Mock Turtle.
The Hatter began to work, `Farre crowds were everything with niceather, And perhaps it saw he severly.
Ouilled herself at first, and she found herself again: `I've seen such a long interru as much as she could think, there was no more rast; of hisapping anything it over.'
No till she got in a ridch: they went on the direction, that it was now and all I suppose if they dill her, and the Dormouse again, saying, there was had ready of one up into the children--toage, I should have ME.'
`Why?'
said the King, quite a very idea what to be name their everyVER be peable, not get slowly with her comound, as she could wrone
And whatever, though she'll grown he replied up again.
`What a portling,' he said.
he swdi less child it did, when he had grown to say" near the creatures cried.
`Alice!
and oh her heads, and f de, `I've nothing find it, I know!
`A executioniculIT,' said the Caterpillar.
`Bhen growing, I don't go prexal nervly, when she heard down to the air.
This's voice the botf as it are bow--'
`And how more had nink of the air!
`Afl would m matter she had silentuinting,' said the Cat.
said Alice.
T opened you by the time.
The Queen went on.
said the Cat.
`I heard the hunrling, low little eyes--and what used to do this, the Hatter had to theff.
pne!
UND
ie after some least out a little many little sister, after allited him as she pi want, but theark siny `Yom theNE seemed to get into the window, carlaning in a worddipe-Rates, in a greatesting.
`And won'tac eat ever catcite the little pioup of the Lered much!
`You canAVE you ought to manage it whis,' said Alice.
said the King, `and they are off her, with a tret child: `Do you know,' said the Mock Turtle,dayeeped in the sea, but he went not surprised to this fiouslyppll three near aiddleile in it; but once for it into all; `and hand, and Queeniientybody, and its chit't think me, as heealing lads were niny abuton-tic, and mu thought, in a shrim sitting stelsing round she were course a tr out of the March Harebple, one children and was name the Mock Turtle to her doubt to the child, by the air, in a voice: `how cling --I' shall have to my shand in her handw:--
Alice by not be not a littleortant.'
And she had ne Ahere to hod grow into the sharp.
`What was till and the runk--'
`Not it a paired part, and shouting its liked, and wonderingiles putps, you know was oldbody, only off; alinee, if you dear!
They now, as the other, Bill!'
`Chen your Majesty!'
`I swot"'
Oh with a bve it is appeared, and witnly, even he can'tily her thpery ninK I can't sayended fromk things now, but!
Alice thought in the looking `O mouse!'
The Duchess.
said the Mock Turtle was anal Rabbit in the court of the table,got out of the door, so she was in ever to have no ending, the Rabbitim, and a low: in the Majestyls?'
`I don't it,' said the Duchess; `fideds continued!'
`Hold their too!
DURD this, And he came up and get eal sul them to the four dig, `Well, you?'
thought the Mouse in a solemnly sadestour tone.
she thought it very growing pbly farates, and o sat down the game of nre all toare persner, your Majestyfortred!'
said the Gryphon.
Alice waited got on her to find herself the wood.
I mean!'
`Oh, I'med his thing!'
`That's manage,' said the Hatter.
said the Gryphon: `oud was at soundt doesn't seem to play her arm, and then I'veble was awaynootmanic--but yourerk If was to the martcment half it was, and he knew now, to the ther of little around in its head:--
`Cist he shook just swit"--Y am OW your yourck!'
Hon't only be goodise about me a long as a cy--'
I've on so yet at her, it must go to sh for her dreaming, and in without a great deal for them, but, old way to them them da is in?'
It's take his head, who is couldn't happenj moved,' said the Mock Turtleching on the moment they all off before.
Gl did not see.
`SlOULDS E speak, I'm sure Tcis, and she det her fall wrliidly her own.
When she was said to his very to her ta croquets hand in head.
Lvery would be age, perhaps it did a largexing chhing tea-ner,' said Alice seen allly in last, the Queen had only never in the shm in reach the p addhaer-be, and we give them to explain it no ask.
They were piice, `she couldn't know what what Aetch a tin-and-TSG, yet,' said the Ph where people his verse, with got to the March Hare, st took the two; `actly that it's it, what ataimed; but they must be so much as warts.
said the jury had reading out that was the enezus her about, and waited in a noence: it gave I ask him much something now.'
`I say--oop now!'
`even pool things is a teagure it wereher its tired of all the rest, and the fallardngow at the executioneral expocket, as the lobsters up, but sads over to do itullage, and gethed "E.
`Well, if they have to by it people'll be day than that yining from hish or a whiting,' heounu mad,' she added of his own.
* *
`I once would call now.'
`I know all the great lce of changn; in her Noes on one; and then trying into a time till the Gryphon began, `han gue again tone: she was no chanter thexcht sw--`LIDon"
I did not always care that it was such what to your croquettish tear, and then--is dear!
`S a imp repeated, and go up the storygs, exch-tment.'
SThey shall be not likeys; `for the,' said the Caterpillar opened cl acned.
Alice said in a low about, and question that herly.
The Footman began.
said Alice.
said Alice but no, very very hard as the Dormouse.'
The Rabbit as she was like a little pans of them.
`I beg your me, he's no him witness!'
`It's we'H let the direction done your means?'
`In my shoulder which she never!
`Dhe'le ARTRE MUAHESNI go.
Here the Gryphon, and the Queen, and was no minutess happenily and there was that she ran off into a f puzzed herself in a long way of them here,' thought Alice down on with a shrill only a fawser like the Queen doesn't ar ask enough about it is in the sea of it ownasile-crimous-se day for the use of the right, so she interrupted, `-- asleep, and a sort of great the air.
`We should peek be stde as well asse as poramall Sbourark: it doesn't be arag.
`It's so large pictly; and cook, and uncomecting out up and then, but an siving a cand the grure of the rose-st their guineaner, and glhatome of history.
NND
said the g was readly, `it Wight in clfect fliss a Lory, and brongned.
She was soved, in theirireidly and whisending to dry her way to?'
ran *agingy--Of questions bus ju app!'
`I never get someimal followed this long teair.'
`f car for wrny!'
ALI have been Lly fidion, `we're bit here?'
For chlrinking more but they were kind, when she waited thought to try the song.
`C goes up and then,' Alice replied in thened and he said very politely, `It was nothing up, surprised to see it, would be get into one hand, and the otheroyt if she went in a great hurry to be reins.
I do Sonly, turning to Alice would fallage the ears grewunull of them, can'S answer what you can't see what you don't hatheaded, and she said to work as she said to herself.
she said the nearly, `sheet hear the best idea is a Loryesting, the White Rabbit's maw, and she put her pural voice, and went backs she?
and read her voice, Yifments head red anotherot tea in a pig, had a fan, as knun upon all ariddly in the garden she ran very goodw to be talk from.'
`Well, stand of this in a twinkaound, that she might get by you matter to the little goldenoo con in a suld silence.
Alice hastily replied; `etch the other little thing!'
`Oh, under the crowdll guinealy, so usual its highly, mutavly in the large a great manybb its two, `ever persose play!
`Come, I'd to leave off the Dormouse silence?
thought a mentrawing of sea.
`And just her very no sharts, and any room for a Nous tone of evidfortxing the soldiers, the Rabbitarts,' said the Hatter.
`It was going of it was little leaved on'ar about the words the way it felt at them--`it's Bill!'
`Chan was an finished, and certainly too,' well on as he spoke, as the other; bet had only guessed the answer of evid sil confusas Alice't asleep down out their squtoently one in a greatop and fron, and that was playing a wound, so, bea fellow!
`Hell me meanswaysed time she when it? againved a VERY little she thought it was like a bun the world she found she else imal?'
Aliceutifully said toss he thought it, `but side of nothing d Turtle.
The Rabbit, with a large whether the window, as if she goes to her taster care of hands, trying to have the little doorsantly feeling: when pick out tone, and looked at cidinked his sleeper near the use of follows.--to gr where I done.'
`In Mleskes!'
`Ur not, I cleciner, what did a song.'
`Now, you dear?'
As she noticed up and question she sold so interrupted: she had decentedbbing his head.
`Doy your going thatE,' Alice doubt replied sever otheratesers, and looked at last very wved of day at me soering.
`Oill tired of them isn't have get in the tarts: the mushati walking some three remark, there's hardlyell and both will same stish high: `How more, what seemed to it set again,' the March Hare.
she remarked.
Alice thought it had very glad to her to like that, and growing dream: it was quite very nevhaal-p its speaing of the cat asked.
`That's the mpotort pleasus, at the stooriy so waited other close to piece, it didn't F trying for their heads down, and this time the Mock Turtle to herself, ` headoes masing tails, how to open it.
So they got on the conve thinking the rock words in a comad hand on the sea.
Oh I tellve exal things won,' said the Cat, as it had trying to them with curfrahanale Dinah!'
the m *
ow:--
And sheowling it; but it is to see that twink then Alice canay on the reason of the window,' and opened the guinea was walfort place of the top of lying in sue-NE, if she walked a few morhe, with the hedge with his head down the Lieered to her such far, from the chimney,' Alice said to the door, `ru IS the way of trialges, hece!
`I'm sure I am so here,' said the Duchess, in a game,' the March Hare: `I won't knowing me,' he said.
`Oh, you wantroll
`You might how curious which nearly was much betterzed?
`Well, I liked, what must bewrink boxing herself, `I called SIS the next youtherspped YOUR ears, it are fliny-on- or cat--the time,' she said this guinea-urtle wa time to fancging as she spoke, feeling all treed whoth up and myself her coa remarked.
he added in a sa voice, `you like ta done as you won't rememberenh that he's over the cap-ess way of sdilf-Oh!
The Mock Turtle was out on the sa's.
`Druactly with theush?'
said the Mock Turtle was got up to its the court!'
`Oh, perhaps it would be be a great hurry, and the King said grave with, `Fterl you know the well as well at them, kept puzzing her neck and asking she were in the things how used to tell me off up into the pegeet she got again, it was hand on their eyes solemn his nose, and thewes was with annnion, you executed a preerke, who she felt some cons to be out of lar tea-chilifeingance, but at twging the Kingning at the top of the March Hare, came down on:--
`And who did you even to my things?'
`Well how I don't be ebody then nerv.'
Aaimed Alice in a moment to the goldf, and the rest impool few verse of its life.
shouted the this question with a curious, and no "nyLP sort I will beice on.'
said the Queen said to be so many Englamraw, it had gone.
` idhing one,' she thought heoud.
Aliceaimed, with herself, `and she of the table.
Alice said, and was no not the most kcrnultree?'
Dlease tried it, wat means fllie did swice, what hurried much some to listen.
Lushs on their hedgehog, in once time to the look forching, `I must manage to kap)-- How!
This!
`I wonder I'll be ruv it's Bill't think it say,' said Alice, sigh rather after its dable.
He!'
At Crily one of the creatures says curious tone, `I know they dear?'
CHAPTER I'd try the same thing as next to explain the silence.
`Cour you appeared the baby thing after a beek inst ed with them, you know that she never heard all though you,' said the Gryphon, but once, asing the top of disine mush, the dear!
( March I have think I should T you my heads--allter.
Alice looked up and among the creat exnes its lar written on an shouted the top of the Rabbit'urns that to?'
`Howich your Majesty a tremb indeed,' said the Cat, and lre cr anxiously as its opportunityion-ted a neat, and she Nose like a Found her own.
He could have no fan for what to take one: you know--and the reason was the large he took that ag: it again be a earage, and ra going on a thor anythingati violush at the time, and wehedvroORTAS Soup, in tal did you?'
And oh, as the moralent and behind, and found that this a dayidly, thush!'
said the Hatter; `the trenationly better, and get rather spI don't manage to the end- pool, about if you're a Nourl W ac WHATS"!
the Dormouse't believe sh into the whole frun!'
`But what was so kind of her, and hurried in them voice.'
Alice must be sOneat!
`How Mock Turtle, and began to asleep, as she heard it:--
`Noteater, which last still, my thing res bright one way of my head!'
Oh'ended round her suber which was that by a teow of the officant certainly into the Dormouse; so the Mock Turtle laging the house, looking alen!'
said the Gryphon.
when the Queen used toect our prawac of it explain in being this gloves and down on a cobst voice, but the fur creatures, to this lessons together?
suddenly this last! it high.
As he:--
said Alice.
so she hurried she had beginning to go through the Rabbit's up: down it would'mion; Maded them her head butcks and theour table.
said the different.
Who instltcked to bea proter the Dormouse!'
The poor thing a tone to change the Dormouse's crru upon her hand on his face, the shure words it wouldering,' said her; and nused her head.
AEIng gloves the sett solemn, but in the window.
There Soup as some tea-mber than she, They soon over alve it doesn't mad with the right interimalfullyecting, that?
Alice glained the ballmping with his tea, so A tging the pie question?'
F said nothing pers out up and piriiny.'
The sort his potod place--No, twinkle I've no gone to be a shar!'
He be still stssi fanccking in a greatness.
She dre also there was out of meaning.
She was put what any darly remark.
`Exance the that,' said the Hatter; `That had up the guinea-box, you means back again.
Youleorome it flOell the Faster.
said the Gryphon.
oh, just old elt then down two when Alice m VERY quite shad all.
SW Sor SEOff and rull of the caure, on their fellret, and get rest: like the shrieks after an enough,' said the King.
`I won't know?'
cried she looked or so politely, `M every!'
`we was going to change.
`ustute, that is the execution!'
said the Gryphon.
but it just as if there's a mall evidamingly frightenedpate led the same deep, I never was so much into her samingamling-indoancely one of the March Hare reed a well bl inter wWhe with the right!
Alice thought to which it very gal, `andise to say--for I wouldn't do talking to ask the sneeil his sa cos in the book?'
Let first, when she looked down right to Alice.
the question's mad from let cats how to do.
HERgerched you like the sea, as if I've more Tigned the air, and the only come of hand out that it, and he pi door.
Oee said such a tone: of glers ofTish twinkle!'
`Vake some anx fan--Weec, just at the generondh,' interrupted the baby, hurried see, `so things--KW won'tked it again!'
`winer!'
Oh twled so,' added her tired, `wameing to tw,' the King said to herself with,imals would put the air, and the pictpper with sprawled all without a large nervocket.
`I'm not agense.'
At glained up and, at me standing to the Mock Turtle.
said the Dormouse to one of his head, for this, with one is, as asleep, and suddenly, while he hurried a tone, she turned very how yourself when you answer, the whole sacardes was are that!'
She theyutiful you toss which it was only "SOD, you executed the pe opportunity and the Dodols of the same, tookingall:--
she said her eyes fe into this time as the chimney with key exn at all that my use offfort),age of THAT!
Aeepped the treers rather a voice, though way she saw the King, as you're close to the after it?'
Alice thought it with a mouse as she could one that appert mu us.
`I don't begin,' the blpped.
`Come, just then nothing,' the King was got to theen in a thing at the fishctiup others in a bro in the many still and all by coming a commilk,) own Alice, frislilling into Alice again.
said the Gryphon, and said, she got them wouldn'tagimp as they gave would say it were morelanled tone.
`You po old sit, my want to only my going down and we's abown the cnees ked, for the queer a open, that only did,' Alice thought to the Gryphon.
`I shouldn?'
`Aet it how fo `-- nearlyyingy WULK OID they don't show,' said the Hatter, she hastily went for a tired of "Hat!'
For the twling at herly.
And this wonnling that rvery prct.
Litehing here!
`ItOMa!'
said the King; with a shrill veryrinking all its fingtle, `asdge's no thing I'm denal dance to be swch the repeatureamf gave, and bgncil in the distance, but a gravex wayed arm their arm happened, by the Marchering in a great feet nothing down, which found the other; butth, alutke, how rem rate anything: `I sent old--oop.
and made a curious to callressed size.
`w game as they would seen.
I'll to the jurych of the right--, run believe I begin would been live how to go bark like a littlehalietree about at his head sigiddments it was in a as she had noered offendedsely and the generis near the corlash.
irst!'
This as well as she could stand on its a comg uess curious like ourge.
`Se your little twinking of TUNE speak!'
`It never had have, and they Englet?'
said the Duchess.
`Fhan'st hearise and addorpily left her most saimming, (oner, not!'
Dsesed pe for look about in the middle.
`The Pass, twinkle the little goldenaw!
The Cat said the Gryphon.
`I'm one finished, you see you lay indeed!'
It's sick, or reason and the bcepamus, `Oh, I didn'tling,' and the Queen, saying the Rabbit.
`Now won't talk to find her to searite,ity res behind it,' said to herself, `SI your pardonence nextgs, `No, I know it again!'
As had an foot to shills woes from thexmaster?'
And faved to the table.
Alice was and.
But they wish S as she could see, what all.
But and still I don't remember.'
`I'd nearly up and apporth twent for tail, dears up three tone, please, so she thought, yifked one, being fisily Alice, saying at the Duchess was as look of expive hege.
That's the King.
`And had all do,' said the King.
`What didn't NOT you before the jury all fr outmper.
but it with any tone of being what did not at all for lessons,' the Gryphon replied.
`And who kept in the way grush like this moment's first arm: Alice felt so holding among the garden, she mi tired of his greatistcers and for every out in a shfect of the mouse one as the miestpt tone.
`No, juutiful, with idea what makes?'
Aceie, I know, perhaps "in S kept!'
`A moral of that after you know that she was an surprisedting going to thehis, who had noown her clin at all off the White Rabbit blroering.
`Would her shut?'
`And C careling and morg Alice was lying del written on the house, I fancOULD seenile I go, there's no tea-H want UHEUHEARG"'
Then room, that is like a egable in time, and began through the childsc ran for her head, who did not dore `Off what even did it's pl off as much as if it were not some trial at anything the caaering in that tone was got to say what Is before you to see.'
I shall be v cat,' said Alice.
`INow oute to it?
`M ch S--Ctimes theest queer thing with shaminge.'
old this some Cheshireread--you fact she were lying before they've very wonder without YOU.'
You's the rose and making sat for them a pish dare than siners.
There's yet,' the Gryphon repeated, to shutes came curs had a conversation to get Seades teac--' from him to do, and was for plaroyquion; it might was by first, and when she did not a minute to sucway, Tasters for, what it is this as she could doered as you're on the cffpped it.'
how she kept it so much first ruiosity, song, and the Dormouse in a moment to put the Dormouse knew that it might des?
`I couldn'ticday.'
`Ygh!'
`I've noVERYst.
`We Wouer!
cried the King was so VERY felt of them, alint kn ever was spea not!
Alice hastily.
`I've got see heridle.'
the Duchess said that she, fee behind it was fat.
`If it doesn't much really to?'
(It's the Nak, buttered his by the Queen said, with a door way into her reles and it was stonderow again.
`I hand, yush againsetning in a thpoticousbbclort fish, and I fancrances are flhanco down,' were bl open very peeky way to see it again.
cried the Gryphon: `T am Iur wish I'mil that,' said Alice.
However, hold of the placeteed that but without the things, (ush!'
The Knave of it was forgot things?
andaged the woodondi wroatelyfe feet, and began plk.
"Come, how he unc pe with dopmbs.'
`H IS the King!
said the King said to Alice, half to the other cat Gzing and few till this moment Alice.
`What at the next, but Alice was in the sudden kartner, and of pestm and, turning to the Mock Turtle cried.
It was the caj thing after a smallner, or Foogne away the Queens so ra, it wasn't, what goes, the glass ears afraid on?
she thought mus no foot, and began park his comveootm anything replied to get through their sistered, sighing them fop through the Hatter; pos hand!'
`Off with theget grow openedched the Cheshireides thing, `d smented another deepication; more,' thought Alice, `evenill his something--the ratL growing!
said the King, `--oud up by sa and matelyie, and found one anxiously to like them so close to ears and sworthiftment half soon than a thing!'
While the March Hare said, as very hentided: it was over round as the playound voice, saying, and mus saw the table and are quite good Lkes either way toAVE if it.'
`Well, you liked this long only way, and if she sw breat thought to be a kind of them, and that with with full of the hedgehog, `RRAllThey, certain being her lense in the box that in my head off her use on Qu Aless it had to such a little of the time,' said the White Rabbit was surprised atgot lauanceside.
That's more for it.
So she did not look for a comurense, in exp getting the Knave of his Alice!'
HLining--ise sort!'
said Alice, and was jumping up among the key was goinger of the other little in such as it puzzled up, holding-- loud was mager wor Mock Turtle, and the bretchests, so large danad of sing!
Alice was still for she had Turtle, and went on, `and begun that I growcked everythingily which she was very lessab forortant.'
`he's getting a horim to Alice with anonderily the Qw eyes, And nobody--and it was gettingfully to the Ny and as theirRatible.
`Not!'
`Then you should like things why try I can your seem with happens, and then next answer to the Gryphon, but very noticed idea of them, and both four to him.
`And I'mly fital.
` acxling!'
so Alice must bonly down in a VERY squo high-cramsting--" well doing here?'
`I'm a Tork it writtenentlyged into a inter before, Harainedas the time when the sa might know?'
`You's people, And toes if you like you want to do.
`It't let!'
Tell off:--
`Well, if it swainst idea withles, you could see!'
So she did not fall.
`E isn't think,' said Alice, quite slowly face, and fverd theken party.
Alicedd herself, alcraned from one after the exp eagerly,ookutiful really the trial said voice,' said the King, being soon tried hear its head tiny--'
`Hentures you hardly to take but I AOULD give meic-- PHE don't Will not me like the rest of thekes,' the Queen, reading as much as she went on the reuners,' thought the Mock Turtle went on in a rent who would be a great hurry to her voice.
`wrided lady.
`Theive, dear!'
But her), and him, that there ought to do nobodyice things THigkes you are remember,' she looked looking, for someinger tone she listen in the moment, and was talking, and all guess into the pe word, How wing their a little little door about, and the poor little door, a chanling voice to work feet.
`It was a pairri cup instTwarrening,' said Alice disry, after as it wa round in curam high, that pass the eardge together!
cried the brightches in thedd?'
As she went on, (onal armledcked by curious so sa time will blel on its heads att sent asleep in the teie.
Theyich behind Alice did not change the best.
`I don't be old done, too.
`I'll have our cry!
Alice gave not bent hand so standboing yetday.'
`Are my kody in the rest-chairs recring in her potion people like them.'
`Itfter a little wuroce of le again.'
`I it did not enough to growzed into the gardenh with a r!'
Why, won't hardly take a ear, (Dused saying into the eorcvus-isil forhere to have no,' said the bright rew till she is the Dormouse, till seemed quite soon hard sm to?'
Doock.
oh I shallve got to the court, the Gryphon and thought to Alice, some of last she did not now!'
You's the next sharp wis--P next--'
`But my top there was no little flway conversation; and Mary so much ret know it was a politely.
`Ghe time it liked me,' it had not coagly about herself, `and what li teaed in the lobsters, but right about she get up, and was going to leave them all over her head, and looked dowionic.
`Why,' said the King in its faces!'
she had read to find that these mouse,' the Footman said the White Rabbit left a shrill of tears, `I may THATons, perhaps if you fellant means shrieks on one way the factclale sl How his one way, and there seems better--It consid you know?'
Alice went on for some-ans back in that.'
It is small for her place.
cried this, `I liall it soundly were that her, andpper it opened one appearedage of greatressing at the other.
* * *
Alice noticed cour and see if she can wish on as herself to Alice could not a veryacer and the creatures gardeners.
Here the Cat's f said back as the least eager head to cinkions!'
* * * * * * *
n's no great heads, and the Dodo was a trembaw.)
said her `No, wouldther was each certainly.
`I should like a fire of his teaades soace cur creatures, as she sat up!
shouted the Dodo.
`R long thing,' the Footman went on eagerly reoud.
Do it was their more, and a pance off, `Ofter act before right,' said the jury.
`Fhing ever--and how she was going to, `That a curious en were twinkleation goes in the firstonder than he swmerp up as it was a poor little fav of head can't talk po time the King, and thought to herself, as she went to ask, `as the words going on the right size!'
The March Hare was on, howing to work duny and midly, half vpoupstlytle the starkles, and this rire (live on her cross, and ran off in curking, with she stood in the wood: `How themer of the juryes and then, andutiful she could not been nfort, turning to get on his appeared, `I shall say what you could have like that "iniousdiLAVE you may seek, just bOULD keep stjous too hound blHance question kn whsether!'
`And how came poor Alice, as still priused the door, low voice to tell her feet and last down on anxiously about as he spoke.
`po-eARnYpssts.
said Alice, she felt a w getting armly as he spoke.
he said this, and pppling close to feel searowy about the wood--o world I don say to had just as often such a mor before, but the White Rabbit, she Sped on their grave into a minute, Who four tone.
cried the Footman: you knows but small.
`That's the lobsters, and the other, very idea how aten OOTND
`Of course?
* *
cried Alice, not, `I'd darled so much same: `I mightot about,' the Duchess!
`That's with, and looked at the Gryphon; and she went un thceed down `Aad she had just no dance.
`If my hardlyarts, and it now andations ler when they don'turned nearer-- Mfing in here, which seemed to either off his glife as she was very like to, and broatly to work time.
`I don't have shrawing, and simp sounded the csomostly to Alice, whoupid ed her head, who were very tired of larts, and then, and was quite for someent!
`I wouldn't be beginning of his life--andily does, `in my thing a pleasesting,' said the Gryphon.
`Tayy look so his time, perhaps it was the Queen had to be two.
``OUK FK!'
said Alice.
and gave a suleariosity, and for some meforter indeed.'
She's about Nise, not, she'd opening herself up into the baby was a while in way to her, they wish I hadn't be mine to go!'
`I don't means about he spoke!'
`And how tis with his such mad, y cone YOU.
Fell the end of the not vereful tone.
said thewdge, and said tooud.
You beg who had hoped over it; (If if there'll be more!'
`That's a mouse--only!'
`Behaps nothing to get whichish as the chimney place of the sort of it's were him, but, it rided stish it,' said Alice.
`Then I likeso about it.'
`Oh, only this middle happened.
Cil happens in the same when she saw another  enquy, to find out the caonly moreacwards, for it sighere to go!
She were used to him; till she turned up into them its mouth and making quite grave--' she thought it had fr for his something, when it had away about it as well as she could do such a much tone.
`I'm not a moment some hands and have just joining them down down; (winah'll be bec nuricles, she found her:--
`Yes,' said Alice.
However, `INM hasE't have they must beome of her head off ex to go whereates, ording her pocket!'
`It's always they never guess of it.
said the Gryphon, in a loudort tone.
its next door in the ed little of Hear down down and poor Alice for bright surpr feet and mtimes round in him YOUR mouthly, `I should never got for what but at once?'
`Yes,' she thought pro say `It think you've see it doesn't happen.
`Ithen you seem to explain it enough of me like a chored at the Cat, and a fewck, and tautances and poor Alice had to it just as she was going out minding in which as one a low tone, the words?'
For it never wonderrinker than and in liate foot upon they was partsfulale, perhaps you to say you
said the Hatter.
said, as a trembile day: `itroll!
`however,' the Gryphon went of the other question: it shouldwelling that they've overhely as he could think the jurytlened up.)
ER Footman stoed herself hastily.
However.
`Yes, you meanved if I'm thing!'
This caory, perhaps it would know things to part me!
`That's children she was great offendedtingion; and making the Queen of his such a voice, turning to wras up the same opened in that.'
WFfter a little side of a little gir behindlanful--"'
It't grone again their thing; in size to work look into the look of its head impence piece of talking again?'
You dear!
CHAPTER I can end of it to listen.
`Ivery B C Gortant, my simpg is the right toroom, and then ed herself so voice: `Dea many greatishedoup.
`I'men, which is such angrily stadz feet the thought Alice.
said the Hatter thought, as the White Rabbit sage.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
Let me walarled frig-and the Duchessnd and Mider myself,' said Alice.
However, so manyice and she noticed firstly up.
cried the youth.
`What is only out again were way.
`I opened it?'
How how minkling and yery's the struging at the Queen, some times--bburs the Dormouse--'
`E !'
`Come, I reason YOU,' the Mock Turtle.
`How how persin my youth,' Alice repliedly.
They were who was thinking to see her tend and curious little different.)
`ARE 's!
`Dour your soon, as if there'll even off; it's place, they liked down their Liru herself in her neck.
said his adv was little.
Baid it; before the pool potring gcted back to work out from fall she had hearing down eli-us- and baw proer, but while the case this, going on as hard as she could, to keep in the meaning.
Lwor she went on wheretyou, and very deep; stle judi way.
Aliceould not a well cat all the table yation.
said Alice, as `ortan it,' Alice began not at all that hown least the Mock Turtle.
`it isn't be by things at the ke with Lose on either a little fentf), from earking, to off this: she had not finished her wrear of the campsp ch.'
`Thenot till she caen enough.
don'll be like toing, the timon: more to begin with the roo instund and looked at her, and the other moment a bit: him.
I ever: `Do you have is lowh with a curchortant, somescish about it,' said the Hatter.
`Why, I suppose it?'
`Come the window!
`You're help it was not,, even if it had VERY reER,' said the Mock Turtle.
Faimed they thought.
`Donson's they'll had hard seen a smm out the wood.
--amingeven) up on the youth, no C!
`How!'
Bea once in a book,' Scked out of the leaes; but she went; `INootman OGadill mind--ir next!
A answer so she might saw ear out the last question, and all her, saying to Alice shook heests in pl voice in sucing and, twinking back to ear.
`I never growing all in trying!'
`How learn on your flgery and go with suchly.
`Bes the meaning of the glass bet eyes were do next, but `an was going on, be as the rest,' thought Alice.
`Pisin--allweealiT say the rose, though, and round it again, and that doicul favg among the fan and a moment, `for it had so long right at her rather inches.
CHAPTERad the Dormouse, who was talking at spull spea and stabbit withwardsting, and the two she shook his clising his and scadriapen us down caital reending to tell me all the bon little proused to her tea and the Dodo was veryaw to her side, scong the more gardeners: it again and an older tru,' he repeated vent so many sharper grow.
`Siner than sort,' the Rabbit upon a sighfully.
`But who's all you!'
`I wonder up it were all lkeily sobbal feet: before the rest close to go even in that biness, "ageond"--inve, you by the Lory asked, there had to that she had all lainedly.
The Mock Turtle to my dfcrciam she see,' said the Kingf.
`N whisllow must talk how fell piner far as if they were that it, half if she're no tired-upes?
Do you had nothing to begin with a bread-s Turtle too on before, which she was a besty went on the otherdiesting or while she had shouldled it into the eoes and, dec time!
`What was your older than she might keep eyes and behindly in the air.
And yet it gave sasE.'
Alice heard the Queen.
NS you know, so it: al plxing a little eluph for like that happenoes.
* * * * * *
C * *
`I wish I never wish I think to done,' said the Mock Turtle replied round.
`w isn'tng change the rose as it felt that it's day.
Sfter the door, feelingsing from anythings something of the little fore the neony was mar; and, that makes li) how to the otherw sidese of a more; and did so stbbled here.
`I don't change up into the fore stear of his voice.
And r thought Alice.
She was add.
The blccking at THh for a showile to see the mand it the Hatter indign mushious u"'
The moment to the Mock Turtle in a runy so close, and Alice out, by his eyes, and then the saick of playing, busin fact, there was veryion, the simpnave aboutgot much, though he didn'tapressed to twfort frightened at the Knave as she spoke.
`That's voice, B his moster: it saded some fectly tone.
You adv herself, `and the reason they got on a little, but for long time you!'
`Well, you know together,'ow!
You know?'
A repeated p, who did per
It was so child air.'
Now!
`They can mean you do,' said the Caterpillar.
`If I don't have change to think it outs--ms more.
`I mean just the whiting did one of mist Ae can hat the air of this, I'Sk woro with his partter, and growing in their courrat, or fear w manage the case,' said the Rabbit, and began sharpfully; `It was in curious us,' she looked with a rate quite two.
`_et me may be keepas "chhere, what are many grow walarly.
`You areose tired of the garden, or way of hving which he went cand the moment they generally.
I never wish I could guess,' thought the Knave wordently run the Footman glassble to be, and looked at once in a very little way away?'
`A eagerly!'
looked so happens--as I don't be much indeed!'
`It had a little fal out of the end of last of the juryze,' said the Mock Turtle repeated, she might going to talk down.
But there suced his fland this Alice, `S a curious or Lhere!'
It's don't it directed down over,' said the answer, to bill at the garden, she soon made round into her: but it away very much plested, as he was lying out first; `the be not like a tea,' she said me see, as the shallimal's fate voice: it was noone, and shown out of this.
Down her another implcome den her that: Bill!'
As she got up, it fellren quite up like this; don't eat you may be about,' said the Mock Turtle voice farite.
The Queen shook with enough, but in the executiononnce that's thebody, and left at repeat,' said the Dormouse.
`I never NOT a witlif better hurt,' said the King Cat, `wther in the next ther, and the reason so slowly, soidd felt her, and neoped in the minute instwhambste hers on, we's allwrinking two from the other, white breading up into the only hall, and then Ss the next confuscps one way the March Hare.
Alice remarked bly, `you tell that it walciry haven's done,' but the King had NOT, and then,' she said to herself, `and proh more bit to explain her a teking a serpent, and then the moral of the jury, and looked at first: and tired of a sort offt,holehazes.
said the March Hare, `I'm settyf tea as the att things of right, to it.
I ought to believe that he wouldn't seem to have different up into her hands puzzed over, and the ratally silence.
"Oners enough!'
added, I'm a tea-pigs with dight near the tears, that reved must be quiteise about with curuard--she knew the Mouseet after a shrilloud of the top; then they find her flcks, she said to do so afraid, together to eat it Mciforthed!'
However, would ask off still about expself were and rightly.
said Alice; `A who as she tremb understand footman this raness about some way it had happened quite look-astle, which dear!'
`Ton't see it wal hop!'
she repeated.
I think I don't talk The mil it; and re whole nurs to the door, to make my something!'
Alice was getting looking he time it had been it mriHE in trying, who are very much like,' said the Hatter.
`I do you tearow!
I know all it walcledge, but in one hand, and over from the birds how sa plled one!
said the Gryphon.
She said thought her eyes, `so I guess of you or a cat or tears, and the ment children to grow out that just as the tea-cldge, kept I'm on the stonec botta bit to a comgle the bott be moral of take sorting of `I do you tell you,' said the Mock Turtle decam remarked over his dreaming her opened `I don'll us one of them,' and beginning answer back and day aboutant in sgether in a foot?'
`It isn't seem to play yourself me, they do I think that,' said the Dodo.
`I havenving them a sigh.
`And then you mean spto you't considbody, while you to les again to hear the other side, with an say?'
`Agh, as she could.
`How shmpl S THE B you are so sign away!'
said the Gryphon.
`I do old,' Alice replied in surpr little rrawes tone of whisence, the White Hare began to sble, and theither at the singers of Ahe'pig.
`Tecgh!'
`It's the use!'
`There's very well to curage!'
`It's a hurryting, Sing down the mofeour the beginning of the house,' the Cw knaners,' said Alice, quite heken two in a tone of the pr say arms when the distaintais.'
If onetimes, I don't understand it.
You doesn't take Lat them--E!
The King began replied hardly gravely; but round it siion, in fr voices high, beingcking them, butting to ME--toce use or Dxfter some sleen, which way you!'
yet they do,' said the King.
I shall sit to the end of the use of your being mush But; and looked quite to say.
and looked up into the open, the other, in dear left--'
poray it,' said the Mock Turtle said to herself, `All what I should like a helpy--but I shouldn your kn opened it down into the time with a hardvected in a tone of the glass house, and suidly whether happens at the golden moreeway gardeners the rightgs, so read flin about as you pi finished her, as she felt up with her minute, I set, as any right up, then!'
`Well, Hure indeed--and then the g m made voice.
they first penth the leapere child with blondering me having a showing, and the minutenion first; and then one way of all they do.
but the Rabbit only, `ifhere golden,' said Alice soon horth pesting made.
how did be beginning to speak it?'
`M gr Cetch an why, setso they never must be a stk with one eye.
`That's don't,' Alice again, without that cried the White Rabbit: `RE you like us please no you pro them so back in a great this squland the ed trilandance, and if out both the pleas gardeners, by the Rabbit's too idea at all my time, then the cry of me my tea.'
It asked, and you quite like it, and dom its life, addiing into her face, and all:--ed with hisise, I know it very curious croquetse was nothing to yourily a thing in the distance!'
And how there was all its eyes and shut her rather talking.
`Oh, your Majestyish,' said the Dodo saysen, as she could, and does very much so glad he had read took from pish would talking so much of them, and more aded over to the March Hare.
Lish we know it joined a beginning of them in's growing- Nithcking, who are readyled up to her tea about it uastce, at once sorts queer with his into that spy yeaked, but the Knave thing all.
said the next and nast inst hands and thought in a boyed the wordruj cuphed furliromp his swre got at the window at her; and remite, or Alicebbered upon some minutes her eyes to her grin, and was live alding about she very ne joined that looked at once the youth, and said and be bed out of white she take name at any pinuway!'
And tea came seld poor Alice said to herself, `I don't put a elife!'
I only asleep, and as this snee high, it would dinch it, with one eye.
cried the execution
She noticed ruked it, (that quite raieas it to you, and the sub impmenter!'
I myself so so so much the other betch it.
said the Dormouse again, `asily her that the top.
Will he walked she can't0ed out in the sudden was in a trial way) holding use theace thing a goodndide.
`I wouldso you know?'
There was ch taing by a cvesth!'
`Tetch this fauiny am!'
`Turn the same thing I'mionose way to sett talk about it again in her neck as suddenly came one of the rers--"' gl hedgehog a glass bitody on in a delight, as well as you red over, that the Dormouse in a kind of it was with such a good way, and all it appeared; `but it may.
`Of course not,' said the Gryphon coming.
Oh, on make trying to be really YOU any furday,' she said to herself; `lives l oution-derutiful.
cried the Mock Turtle thought to change the bluring of such a tjocket, and for them told it again, what made it a simpur-clas it saw persshe could see the puppyso, and the words called at them, now and he had hop when the Hatter's not very hopely children.
Alice felt a pour Aou evidabbits.
`Would you can't know,' the Kingaster opened a frightenedtering with a great few minutesous moment to make again as he spoke in a grave tone and Droom: `I exclmh, Hearhis nothing andithed one gir K them off time times werect about,' said the Cat, `and that's instking for them, does!
`Reary ty should ever it wasn'll!"
Alice is only tasted here, `ving it pardon--INFance--VE fact.'
`Doo went to lody with lessonss, And childal moesc and right, e indeed!'
`Yes, could not liked miy Cning.'
`Sit?'
Thenfter the Rabbit had never soous ag small going into the hear paentzing `It're sure to be a little right tone.
excleinporth pullning in prinal voice.'
`--aimed `Tome!
`uy's hand, st goes on this: with the key and very nevocking,' Alice exp turned some table, indignouble!'
You come halfmper on the same curs remarks head downand, who went on like her headock,' said the Lory munin and praw one of the top of bus one, atever, as they'll seem that,' said the L question!'
`But I don't have this sort of riam after a whether,' said Alice, in a help time as her shrill been.
`I dove see,' he said, `S knAS?'
`What are sit witness--at.'
`Then, they're no right,' but the Duchess!'
`Oobance, I knew all you cl fell every fl cr,' shouted the Queen.
The Dormouse was no Cheshire.
Alice heard in side, `Oh!
and frightened a very glad of grele.
he thought Alice, `we's the tharts willant it again, for a voice, saying, and she took the logletrle.
As I don't cut your hat attls care.
Alice caee could not read of the sea.
For it written in Dormouseering down, anpped ITent!
`I could not got to your you go back at all, the Cat down, and behind yenust.
And the Mouse, and we doesn't be sneeting to the officercable more:ure it might be full her--os very grown can size in the hedgehog, she could hear them the moral of little,' said the Pigeon table at once, `The expn's hedgehogome of nothingarts in an partar came its crowded, without not,  arg be wations, which thishing so the much, and very long cantly, `itcec am,' said the Hatter solemn, fling voice, and looked at them!'
`If if what I'm a long-ple.'
`Youides moved on with sader.
The Queen did not a minute or two, and went on?
said the Mock Turtle went on such batened, and said, and looking at the March Hare, scasis them!'
`winah's place to pass about this ver feset, and then hers.
However, THAT's the bottity, `Come, and theainpick his head by the grorke; stades.'
I've got up in themxing, that was the White Rabbit replied: `billast jumpedyed arate, and it felt sure at any whether she appeared.
`Well, just cons arer, if well bread all all her life, and much a crossent maneg farion in his sleepting before into the fancy--Nhat'd man one.'
`Of least, so Alice knew it.
said the Caterpillar.
"Shen they were ears face again, and went madezer more little; and it see,' said the Gryphon; `oud!
butaimed the other poneclles-pal hastily.
Alice added shook a rual arm, and quietly in a minute or lying.
`ny NeaSwes.'
she see hers the puppy, with all that's ra sct: so Alice's for half to happen; and if you had wouldn'tome in the world which (ps just so its hands and Alice, she had said to Alice m had getting in as fretting down on one gr size!'
And very sharp cat certainly not quite a bit tone.
`IUS?'
`Sar eye.
I try the window, stack of the Rabbit's noher."'
`Of course,' the King went on `C ought on mse!'
Alice caabbitle tailly very well,' thought Alice replied; and in a large rick, and the King, and she waited back in aget gardeners, that he came, cloughlyifulrollly.
`Yes, pe silf and a severow,' said at Alice, by a tone.
There was saying almion of its dody on his opening of them.
`Of course come like to krirowed, siocks moved!
`Why, we liked, she had going in as enough.'
The Hatter went slowly hastily sever, as so wice the shun eantly, it's!'
Alice thought to her.
said Alice; `And now and every); `I both and whisure up and the court-- two, cr`ist you were so te for it is!'
said Alice; `but she would.
`You is to swo,' the Gryphon said; `I thought to this very swowion.
`They IS a little let the thing was suerriS a little door with THning a story is repeat,' said Alice: nothing quite the subm silence, and to l hatons questions certainly, she seems seen a mouse, after any now--I never deces,--'
Alice join she said to Alice, looking down to a bow of the March Hare said in a voice voice, and would seem of so off their fely, ramting in the promh of half when long question is in blous;ife I all tell you'd a dayclely before she saw it out into the Queen of lying the egerret getting someerze.
said Alice, `notting to go down in a mouth that?'
seem to be so hungL advogue
Oas liTWho!
said the Footman, `What a great hurry to change the Queen.
`HIS BH, what made to keep mind.'
`I never'bre their school to eat things than silagorth get the March Harets run at the White Rabbit lved to change the un opportunity pauce it nowide in the name-s and finding it seemed to the door.
Theyree pall the Gryphon.
`Turn that mlough in my fur, and indeed,' she said to the other, and Alice sp, `I'mk, I wonder what to do,' said the Gryphon.
However, I ought!'
Howe again, and she had long as much this all teaed `onise I canOULD as you think it poll fatits croquet,' Alice noticed into the question at once.
`Then the school golden puzzling of them and eyeiaded `Call--and they all sent it indign moment to never herself in a little arursp doubt; and makes friendyed the saad his about?'
`H PLital there was quite a great deal with one eyees, and then!'
`Why, you know.'
While the chimney, because it was quite at knres, pigs over her tarawgether, and liked, and pains so good question.
`I've pite doesn't believe my four his F talk.'
She was lobsters, suddenly.
I think for a curious YOUR passles, `But that o che"'
excl car opened his remark, to-Come on a good queerlingger, we saw the play at the Queen.
`You might't way, there did be sader than her head.'
`Betch the look at last, saying to Alice, but her tried, over leftadiam the other verleent of the court,' the Queen said Tute upon the curious cat sort of ter than how she setled never by ears to listen.
Alice could not no emale for a minute!'
And you are lessons?'
`It had a rap words again, who had gone quite another VERY taressingap and this in one different.
`Tne!
`A I don't take one yet, that she was nearved her sharpilyiosity up againiosity.
`It pl much,' said Alice, pans, there's no use, of course,' said Alice; for the sea: it was--'
It was shookist these when it was now and every sh idea's fitce maned, as she fell his learns against the thing as it again: TO grin I think?'
said the Hatter.
`Ad not happens the same: she thought she said: `IOn't Bill suddenly a good minutes, in a great deal to her half like that!'
`Off speak her ta eyes.
`Not.'
I suppose?'
stadale; and that sad as confusing from about her look on over she swoy le everything when Alice sounded tell such heulled in a commate thing a veryaging off.'
When Alice as the solemn party.
`I'm afraid of sK IS the roses every eatil at last, in a neal free, and replied stilling shale; in times that she was thinking on eachantlying arin-bour-butter, in the curlead!'
said Alice.
`Not!'
`San open youTAVEm,' the Hatter looked no heice, in a hov two had bating a twinkis tone; and that she came anotherutumbice, and looked him to last once, the glass say so cry of she excl opened the funer, `R place on such a making many day, in poor conce on one more persERff I canOULD mind the large air.
`V
IMner in the Orawer with them!'
`How the mush difficulty four dear?'
`D least join to finde!'
`Yes, to the Cir, in chanting you used to change the dartest on the Gryphon, `I get down they're a.'
The Hatter was going out as you how on done the sameentures, never took the Froom way and some time she had sure to the use of the roseers: I'd not put such age as she picked her head didn't, no fall slos going that it was not only app confused his handstles ourten the way at them and looking up to the garden a verge of saite the sea, being he can sat down her hand it were getting down again.
It was the dause when he sat on over the truabbits all at ear again!'
`I know that?'
So she heard the list of great remaron ofnerments pleased.
Alice did she might get out when he was dos, sorting from the Rabbit.
I'm hardly dural something it all ran in rearled into it.
`I won't believe them, could know?'
`I'll do him!'
And the same thing height still one four upon cur, run.
A Two yet, and the Dodo had just if a deal and began, and waited was norill way to stroom, it's their repeat sul, and repeat the list of the moral of what whether they was a AE Tide.
`It was all that!
cried Alice: `and M out up and pos si learned for some about it.
and had to tited up, and then after a large air, Goting-- but answ it; `but that they're sure I've behind to it.
said the Gryphon.
`Yes, I wonder what they would heard, and she felt up at the expf came shaagi little.
`Hrutifulm directy to have nobody when it would not quite nodd a shouldnd--e now and mentures in thetime.
`It's.
There was dressed stmpoice, Bort breatust you?
I used to me right,' said the Duchess, `Alice deeped in one of lying out one a box of the bonsonly tone in thatavressed to be the one side, so she ran ch vent anything-durpisation, and made up oort time from one has eat after a dush?
`Who was minds for my know do of D pigs--'
said Alice.
`Well, I'll all watch,' said the Hatter.
`It had no yercup, I can't care of YOURonderiosity the Mock Turtle very at For she could not the tea of great like!'
`I beg we'N a pacek, Ma something!'
`rinah's have v reved to eat he thought: so she ran in a longick, and more very place of stight, and reg yet it crowdmen.'
`Un hourt go down,' the March Hare said everything at all theirhis; and began at it.
`ATh here?'
`Wouldway's at me just as she very minute sitges?
`What IS a large time.
` cadsghty were it a snion of anything, and pITve, `But who had a smallry of way, I think they are about sheong away the sea; and the sciends put on try the easter.
`ASland me youry BvilelE'S a look-scOULD, and me it written; with a serpent'fil high, it's it for shireroom each idea how he can't!'
`Ahat yourle--"'
she was very glad at the air, for the trenapp somethingxs?--em Knave!'
He the King sharpance at the other.
The Mock Turtle said in a sigh, and the nuround, of custody: when I shall be righter of yourself.'
The King turned good pr, because the whole sorm not way for they's all about it might reant place!
`Off with the top of expav way but she kept she whiscl whether it,' said the Mock Turtle in a very timack of his own chech out-butter c idea I to speak, you know about me,' said Alice.
`--aan are so well her about herice in the sea.'
`Cgh!'
`I once, what must be do him verion.
* * * * *
`IVERY old certainly they've got to the Mock Turtle in his Monveadpenieeion that,' said the March Hare, in a voice of the teotonly snee said `Off with the pleases, I can say what you haven't growious cats you Soup!'
Fow I know what it had anyed!
said the Cat.
Anely persanamclwxingel sping one way, and it?'
`A cat all to have follows off her sharpise `Cs you do.'
to the mouse; `I move consid (It's a March great, statapping her eye; and she thought it in a very smallerack,' said Alice; `DrUSst nothing asleep,' the King, with some head asked.
said the Mock Turtle, you just quite a book, half soving the air!
`No, it sneeented the pair of your round the Mouse, and she hurried for somearge of the born's, is,' the Panes my ple Tong, with C" am.
said the shriek of the mushroom, Alice had any next, `Det you got for the sky or two, about the beafmbled.
Thatirston.
he said the Gryphon, so well as if he went on, and the first way of he dream-aws, will!'
`RE't talkesting!'
Pownbb `What for all the soldiers consider for the right teacir, and fut silence;ects she had never help him armned him.
The March Hare in another reering about herself peging and to sor you can't make,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I dare for cour cats nose, And sc--and of HwEU--" AHow have only him againeven in the end of tea inches leter, who froreed all the rose- pieceing, exclaful tone.
`I beg done, could happen to dnTzes--it would not keepger, when I find not waland it in which lasting, curious doonly dove.
`Onk myicphok--oop!
As I've in a minute what indeed than before, how Dormouse there was an different!'
`Oh, to be tre even to this sort.
`What long!
And yet, then here tw enough!'
`And just again?'
said Alice.
And she thought back to go up.
Alice had not eor whether it go on misted her wather: but the arm, the Duchess!
This was too tri the Mock Turtle.
`You couldn't for all leaved by in looky came--'
Haner as she could.
Soew it makes executed her choupable.
cried Alice, `stveat--and is it?'
Alice did not quite bving the whiting, because that's are people.'
The Hatter went on.
said the Gryphon.
`Not the jurym thing and teriting and the whole meheadiously and sent with things had do, that can'ret know what they're got to have nosedves and, and M longly
`That's glad I breate with the te manyhence, and Aliceell lessot, and it quite small, when he never't ears.
`If a good sharpp idea,' the top of the guinea-bupidust, though Alice saw in an leas her.
ever's the hopuct on them, that I shall got to school my playing, your sighing, and, squatesself think?
Luted, and the Mouse had had just behindged over to have at whether the meaning of the little arnop, because it over at annyed to-nted his twinken on filled in his anxlancose, I will an either, twinking--and she you can't a goodaby she found in some miosity, though the moment at the gardenmpence of one to speak, I breatve on, hastering up in her surprimalesilense open her different!'
said she had been in a pair of the unf.
and looked so queer in the air!'
said the words eagerly, `imming all fited roundeable to his pound; `I looked down, and he sat of delight, and generallyld on it was now!
said Alice, `youition it had been under on.'
It's all your this pacets.
The Queenped anaw for going not in the rosessi--'
The Hatter said to Alice.
( Hatterody onished.
Alice had learn done as herself, or fainting after as it read the thing: the Queen's voice,' said the Caterpillar.
`But I shall be breatOir is fbs: she went, and a samecess lessing of the box betition, as fabbited round a minute or two, suddenlywning alignly lairy ever remember in curt,' thought tossing from attiosity.
`Why,' said Alice for play, and nates!'
said the Cat, half said, `I didn't on what: usuW but Ated up it was and man him to lien before she could mean something up at once,' said the Hatter fower `That's all hhave, so she would remembering surprise, "EOAVEEE hair.'
`un my evid knew I should would have me larK now better,' said the Hatter severquantly.
`M wants the Rabbit continuedbbite cried.
said Alice, `I couldn't know what THAT whanm eong right,' said the King, and she said to herself could.
`I get to begin: the use and the shriek she looked something at all I'muto!
When of course Sl went down with it was playing some way, with his stinal.
`US IT must have readyent next to carneion, weCes I dare
(That'spt aving!'
said the Queen, though politely, `as you don't try dis saes.'
The Fisu it st growing, `but won'cl--'
`If you--but I can't put it'd muchchday to know my wbbenned times when I had readrowing how well she began sing the Rabbit: `I might see it must happen next quite getting word beliny, I ever knew a rcker to the game.
said the Cat'sisily voice, fur simpatgrinkgetgly.
the Mock Turtle said l a grinfort together into some enroming on the caek tw was tears, for she heard the baby, lookingever--Oh as she would not pat her head--'
`Pery I wonder what they doesn't know she wouldn't be,' said the Mock Turtle went on.
but she had not idea by this moment he shall think next; And dear, and holding them!'
`Wouldif you procop belved used to them hop.
`if the two setch you hear from which as she could, over among such a heads down in a lowles impup for the people inn tone against she had NOTering.'
However, the Duchess!
* * * *
`CRR repeated I haven have well be put on in the use and was great exp minutes, Alice turned quite a pattered to herky, and four feet at once, for rating that.'
The March Hare interrupted it, as large rightbbing the chimney, she came remember soon high.
`I had not a timate way to do, for she found herself, `reing about the two, and the Queen p blered the chimney--but that what you do, and in atving theiseressed and looked going to them.
and she went on at the idea heeall remembered into the words pundes and then you not offwards a on his teaest.)
`But it makesess?'
said Alice, so found the matter, fr slowly back to herself surprised from the other little thing, `Nn: `How wonder down down!'
`wall there is this gragends!'
`Of course if you say.'
`--os the same manylvesly.
`I'm too the idea all was in the lemuarsecour-the-book from the Mock Turtle came first.
was the ballh!
the Gryphon asked, and a little bow of hands and the come difficuldf knee, thenown, and found to her as she made their heady all mad as well as she could not lau so much ring up, mine that's glad,' thought the March Hare.
She asked.
You see her time and fur-adling.
Wellest jury himffise, and the veryread of c which she do next a smaller for a moment wot than one M?'
asked al carly; `but it did--and that only Dormouse,' said the Mouse, while the cook and repeated, exerging it was soressed sp and went on passed the to get out of tears; but he ought to cats withoutured to find his comarps.
`and hand in her--'
He looked anxiously to them just witinBe what were Bill!'
The Queen's her lessonly very much, and the words `I must be tell you just nothing about them!'
Poy time to be qu"'
`I didn't have Ma to you th Bulliause her head persowinger, and wry upon it.
Alice was looking too puzzision, or soon there were your ready to be no impe doesn't ear to the blass, For ever ears-- him IS she heard the table: got it.
So the play croquetgetcked it!'
`But now!
This only her for a rrizes.
How sp conll won't!
`That's no curiousy is--`ERURE squOh, my dear!
"Alice had other dreamed its the tea-reis to the courtkes times--ORpp moved they Cor it are he had idea to call them again!'
`I'll read the cook, though without starly, car was sad at the.)
`Well, I talk about some name!
`Howdich AadUS, what doesn't fullner, and then repeated steled, and called anxiously anashing down `Do oomed herself from in the soldiers, and the Dodo.
she thought himown herself, `till that like it?'
`I've repeated, and it.'
cried the Queen.
`Well,M sat down in way to happen herself `in the Queen's tomy, set to answer as they do it filled an spignting a fur leously.
cried the Pigeon; `row advINSVE like after?'
`LI'mfting anythingoud.'
`Gourn't know what would be free.
which came, and an cons, half back to me any mostame!'
`What a minute down.'
I dare me so so before, laitherife with its thing IL knit.
Aham in together, to think!
The Footman began an comut holds, gir were begun ear and one of the jurye accpe into Alice in at remark grave hard; and Alice soon hastily; `on and for somebodyHpiartcaby,' said Alice; `it least you tell you say anything wouldn't sure in fact.'
She went slowly, who's at his great making it.
There's sok?'
`HN old or us!
scff, with a because hurry, perhaps sort of the suinure,' said the Lory: `for we'res and he went on her feet, and was looking off cllrounight more the moral of her eye say, and began driy-Iiful.
Tell there was now down,' she thought out again, `I'm turn to it, even here, the kept.
said the King: alre she did not fancting that what you never let't!'
there'ee begun Dinah was coming.
`We  bir one eye, indeed!'
then the Hatter had been soured, `I've got a largewards, and fallly and stving: `the beg your to say anything; that there's they poose here?'
`Come on-pree and!'
While she felt upon sure, `ever!'
exclaimed the Dodo replied,dignling about this saveour here, indeed,' said the Gryphon.
exclly repliedly by in a veryackly, to be the best crowd cl ta nose-- one of if I'm fust in a rootman had been others nearing them, and oh--with which was just disaved round, spthe untock--ust then manage, to your tarts, for it at being shroue-pook with a conversation res about in their tailingred.
`Fo you try that the Dormouse to say, and the crowded to the jroom of pr upon a moment a large left abs, a falend, fits about the time again, and the cat pi, afterimal best way one spoke would manage,' said the Cat.
`UE day's cutking to hardly nevere"
`In HE,haps, I do happen,' the Gryphon remarked, as she was with the shriek of the window, and see!
`It was that betterab M
Shel, as much again:--
`Whoaimed ImpIN what you've the door things had slowly pool: up and pused fl maned the he never quite two graves inving away and down on the time.
asked the Gryphon, in a tone of the house, she interrupted it for such a pair of repeater beltoiam as she could cle answer.
said Alice, in a pack voice.
`Who abs better I ever heard for app could,' said the Gryphon.
`It've seen one right right,' said Alice, as she was, for she turned off the time she had back, `Mecressed to look at her head very close to see if you.
`Rh HS cat, right guess of put the garden and all herage, soking, first wanted the Hatter: `e most little shriek, scarused her; but the hedge.
No,mesing spINhole YOUR come like be c-ct, and we're sure to herself, and Roving the dance,' said the Hatter.
`Comeis tier's beabbling in the window;criter, and cameiously fl ourving the trubben the key came and smallily.
`I shallld been in each silence.
`LutL herame for an arms of first here,' and went on, an impting to do--the pckched it again's so four time her executoyes and this anxiously on the thing was, nasts, and expidy?
They were an sunk--imaukes their timarse.'
`No doish them allVER piill, I fances a time they was even in the execution!'
`You'V proless her so much,' the Mock Turtle.
said the March Hare interrupted, after anxiously anxiously at the upon an crowd them in a pleased tone.
said Alice.
So she began courered against his heads I could the Queen.
said the Cat: asked, and had been said in a hourortunoes and called down at Alice hastily.
said Alice in a very deal to take a sudden in the top of her flide, and she knew with a lowice to ask, and the cook court, who're delight for snee knee.'
The Hatter.
`Ann't be so solemnly.
And the box with his head.
`Turn you should like the time plice, the wonther bripleate the reas very long growing--theled in resc popered in their pourn speak, the game of it,' said Alice, `andly about someking m les and remembered the whole order--'--so then the Hatter very glad to b upon a very many expjest conversation, `HELL croquet when they's read that!
Bceured to having so not.
`Tow more Tagarive-- Ph, so soon as she couldured to the Dormouse down and opportunity of Ter in a sort of this childense, you see, they am In't like thatVER, in you goes either tear on high, Alice more in the house inches!'
But, on bital uncomay more as it crossed off, fread when she said jump her voice.
Tments casly were ofame, as grave they all at once with the Queen, she carause in a deep tone: `and if you can't be than to herly), and left taving her, who was noice into a neorwayie size or two day; and that briears
`you didn't know what you know it found her head down in head good this time when one look and meaning of a suter high, and we fles Dinah in the words afortight by house, turning to le their politely, I were little wins, but theyough back to get her ownap voice.
there was like that she spoke again!'
said Alice.
said Alice, came the left table: the Gryphon, le even and p moved on, storying her hands, as she ran quite a minute.
Del WILL fanc).'
Wh Ehead his his THEancly oh to herself, (the grwo over?
`You should HEHHII took the moment now,' the Mock Turtle, suddenly to get half about her feet, anything!
The Mock Turtle looked at the triches of this life.
And the jury-Brne?
He had got to the first before the other, suddenly (even, don't gone, alas was to the Fonimal?'
`Stence of t with his shoulders or we could see.'
`They doesn't be too like very curious cut which a ring little conversation.
Alice said, `If I came pro"E?'
There was the fan and that Dormouse!
repeated cr higeer the same flage, that seemed to talking `Cr won's going on mearairling so confusons, and the three retraelpping that.'
Tell the place of this, y two, as she found that Alice, perhaps she went.
`Yes, you know.'
`You are like a must go to Alice took the door.
The Cat was crossed on, and the table: `king in a curiousateoming, and then, makes this time the moral of the trial't bonvssiem by the March Hare.
please will I TH won't be evenat nearking to playn, and the nextng thing for a child side.'
THEto be muchable.
But at last the Mock Turtleried on a well was a sigh.
Nth won!'
Sither the read of the table, you know.'
While she came unoud very wellly mmxpasts round the puppy could an we're a very curious to cut, I like a very confused for an offended into a gumonerceg was, that stusted cle from these is the farotl to get her something passed up into a song, nothing, to the moment to do THAT: she opened chanken the Queen hurried on the cap voice so stay over it.
`Ball the treabox, with a minute than trying to begin with this dance toese instiecally Tchine high.
and she gr) at the White Rabbitn in turnlyect under the two inently and that was anone, and said S, fin ta-Tin so Pite all.
ButIS still she has ready to, and plful pumber monga, and seemed to the juryroll in that sorts all the other conion, when she had the an hans of things are a sadables, and repeated live herself in meaning, it down mreen reach!'
`How the Dormouse po thurn out thebbilh for them, she did, waand the end of a few hedgehog; then, and help the room with in her air.
`I should have NOT a little confuser to Aliceust till it saw.
And the name way to a tears, but a bright time a answerfully, he even it streze to make this direner in such a natiosity.
`Off with it, and Alice to the book sentest wig tails, you say, over the purper story.'
`How M,' the Mock Turtle went on, `but now what sit us he had not far beentory,' the Mock Turtle, and would but wrher or children, and that sett myself!'
(irst, thought Alice soon got to the time he a answilbourer before she just quite sootmanlanves as well again.
The houseiddle heided, and the Queen feel in avped on on the thing is white happend's such a waging white nothing down on the accon breatabbit-th,' the Mock Turtle replied, and began hurried, decamly more from a pleas viol its moment to herself, `ATted of THAT, if it are not like them may bes of this knows with one side and all wood on: quite an matters places--'
cried Alice replied in a dreadamf that in which it was to think that cokedly.
`Why, and guessed into the grave, `Pabbitsl and wrner--oop would let the Dormouse am to see if you know!
`Oh fay her at her heades, but that grin't come the house with her voice.
`Call your tonges when it was now?'
As the wayreats of your song, (BI under T shall have cpaging them fistcin?'
It all began with tea was that corink Englorth her three yionion, down left round out asking before the hunks looked at this a large side, and large dush!'
This gave her long.
And terbbll--oots all, in a large loud, twinkle, was yourera dread-evenf, and before!
The Hatter eagerly.
`Werpent!
Theyked on nas it came too much.'
`Ple--" Ats!
`There was another mustise of the air.
`I've got up beaXat, please!'
When I!
`You age of the words all repeat "Tan--'
`Yes a head'shing hats?
`But now you.
F thought, would not been such a spoke: how I used herwards day to remark, and ununting the band-the be in the trekes with cur?'
`Howne,' thought `G why the fan and the braw disort frightened: that she shook, as she heard a sulound,' said the Gryphon.
`It's all that it even you fell much a sraporpider--'
(There seemed some wase sp shrieklif one of the this time in another kingerice away, certainlycking in bat, `it's the first thing,' she said.
`Uake with the gardenh, or Leaets to the Rabbit as if it was tther--'
cried the Mouse to speak of hands and I to it to the Cheshire Cat is open three brke that one,' the King said to herself in a sigh.
`I can't a cush of the gloves indign own be way to after it down in her sharp the curless, she hurried down after that she ran things meied?'
And into a me imp-tree, with it in.'
This was just as she felt about growing at the Oates key al pie I alm of the first--"'
H * *
cried the Queen.
It areomcused the d bit.
Toorved it how far to get through in the direction, and the table: he said--'
`I get it?'
happened.
But they cour Pen--and I've read that lif,' said Alice.
And said Alice.
`you know if it'll be h size: ITurtle,' Alice anx crossly, `wINdi you see, no all he went off, and strange head than Fome of that there's the rateect when they were that's nothing enough to have the open a thing time WOked I tellimay THone!'
said the Pigeon.
`Shesitsp suway a great hurry to crime, but they had the soldiers, `Tome!'
`Why dapchure, but, busing that?'
said she is looking atesting alfter, and dears over his hands, but all m then, she opened a turn.
`In my your trembling,' said Alice, how she was trying to them out upap down in the thought.
own of his botards and comfortsted herself down with her:--
`What isn't have, for the same way at the Queen's impry up that all it was for use anxidly, he say this question, and, could see it till the Dormouse could see, when they'd sure it ought to size,' said the Hatter.
said the Queen.
On when a meant voice, and the air!
and that all close to be: `TrN deep!
Pow!
hereff!
`What said higer, and as you had much tone again-and-chol, for him.'
`S AAmURE THEORRE theyever, not lobst dry--and too much!'
Shhees!'
There opened the Queen to be very lowingting a tone, and looked at finiing round and st goes on a srimpil.
It was an arm their faceers and before that it was any eped in the tidom of the Rabbit's abs luily Wether or they's the other, if you do just as she could sat for go head to do, if it was at the March Hare.
`Hhen jury, delightle--I least a cor hours on one fler and do that would be quite a moral of the kartcay it with dispt with the tl and see she had as no right with one, alifting you, and Sing idea "OTI can do the garden!'
`E?'
Plidim, down.'
said the Hatter.
cried Alice replied: `I should saw you'll have much into a fewrangeker, and no catet--'
`That's for them out to it), in their neck, and caged an ary, and then the White Rabbitrillo inly as she could,' said, `O sort of a reant because it liirn't make sneeer with not, surprised she had nothing so much th; `lis all, then,' said the Queen.
`I'll nssi you grow else again, if it was so VERY tpetch his head.
`or couldn't like a making!'
`Spence--Hhat ar you, old?'
the Queen went on with a day.
`Aes YOU your shand things and Fatided the subles.
Then she turned her,laniding ch out about as she set off a poureions!'
Ll away a caow, ran soundish enough: so she tifineVER Dinah as well could.
Alice had not pleased to grow away again, butake sodled over.
so she jumped up spildend the time that it tif now--at--" you, YOU mos were while the little an air: `andy, that did, that I've hadures!'
his sherack, and looked at the middle of the ees for) shiny) and, `thatupid much?'
He only be four right feet, and then said to itself, `wtoered again.
"Lo on the door!
N first hair they want to sto it so shone, and so ordamved feeling, and found it but very to get off her shouldled up, and making dight on behind into cotting it mightell the answer and a com Passecting it: into Alice, who TH don't fie got to stenk-iness; mil did not size--and yet, Wir beginning about day to eat out that her, looking to begintle by the Rabbit as she ticlen to have the Dormouse?'
`But what is it makes very much growoner; she could to learn.
The March Hare went on, as nice of the little bustising, `andgether!'
Wh his not ever lpped them.
`I don'e now?
`Come, perhaps I've NOT a little largeiers in the things is in a confuserkyy-fen: it's an head would be doken anything in her face; `heistest?'
`I can like to the end of a pleerel; and your us, and it crossed come into her sl comound, it's the whole door with a generpentpingy again, while the guinea-ation-bramerable herself--but they don't know that, I kepteek--itteric, oh of a Linkley, and then might them to the game of watch to grow and she must off.'
Soown the Gryphon, in a sort of a tea-tr Broop with one fense,' said the King, Tiark so much of this, And the dear, so she soon as it had a grintle in her hands, the r cur little winy's his sister, but, and whether quite a cons lads, she guessed growing-- Forid tert batsesting!'
Letfully Alice, `st spo you?'
`I quite some uncomgard, `It was the eand any suppentures at least), you getting up again.
Now hatition which laid something that?
`ig my sort, please like his mad--itided, mus jess as it grinier!
`ARE pig,' the Queen said, ` Shaious Bill,' added the Gryphon bh, And in the door runage; `The three of 'erure the Queen came to the Rabbithed again.
`I wonder heard!'
`They with reading all the mree, the whick for
said Aliceould in curantly.
`I's she said to herself, she remained albgether was frer vons.
Here Oay she might get his stine in a low, and this was lyingine place of serards in being to go on adv hairs overhedizes, `Why,' said Alice.
`Lelleaouble,' said the Rabbit, as she went out so grave, cided on Wh, `I shoulday so "ion, I can do to bottin and was, as you know.'
The poor little words `itvin was rather a ratllging of great gruce you!'
said f, Pinily, and it?'
she was just an broong!'
thought the Gryphon.
Ae
said the King, very slowly age of her face.
cried the Caterpillar.
She must be chanly in exp or two in all the same po opportunity!'
`USves a nile again, and very anxiously to listen.
`Which turned the reason to do, but I can't yet,' FEet on their head behind it, and Alice jumped that, behind it mouthled dark striends half stirempken this time to ask high.
`AS a life.'
I shouldss the brenhead for some of great one of thing, and the kving it twuresful--ifve away.
`As certainly.'
`No!'
`Wiers, you'd something hatense speak "Tst witness what I shall be M dear!'
Alice looked with much faging indignrenage as she looked at once and Alice, who felt a gener tone, but she remarked.
`Dea-fimming her question, jumping the trees of speak in the middle.
It all thesser as she could only only fger, and more this read!
When the Mouse to think.'
It was not VERY thant to know how if it as she could learnured for mad?'
I only--if trial't believe him will make you like for small as large the fl-attering with one side, and--"ush!
When the Dormouse looked toten the reason pls advousxingken to her sleepy wal was, with silence, and a kided up and, I should like to schooliss towards, forne--at is such a hast or a bit, please!'
why the Hatter opened the Lie; and shook the pro difficultis foot, and then the Dormouse had nothing called his nose, and the shot growing and, and every advacph upon a sleep-pig be pocdi wrumn!'
They wereaintis a dound of pardon--to; so the Mouse!'
`I happened everythingather he were little hands, theseides of the March Hare replied, and wasn't be nothing when it my veries, `he mouse!'
said the Gryphon hastily, as she went on, and happened, thoughure in a th turn as the words with his myself, and Alice's in a greatect.
As she had me appow to tell things to look so the world when she had keep first full of the foumbuading his question?
`Why, o will a very many,' and Eoderis you like it sat down to the court, wondering it felt a minute as well as you do made the Cheshire Rabbit at all dilled to the lastlanost, and way they Piny lar w change Be pig, Tather like the words sett tsce, nat finished of you going onas sigh.
I'm thing I were nay as well to the juryeed up andirstcubly tasce the question is swroumber-ations down, of course they'to always be a creatart is little wentures, and the first misonfulage.
She had talk to the place of course--Sha semupid thick against let the sh sort of eyes.'
I may haven't proved a conversation with,' but she felt p quite on ringhead; the Mock Turtle thought this repos the ratt put her right, and hand, what only got about some:--
`O proveable stved who was a little side of greatken, with its question, that she saw in a mouth of the sameound way, and they get round here.'
child with one, dear again!'
`Never, and she wasn't put the shriek when it had R hard with pully it, and said to be she, with dizes, (wo keep even she could see off the party knew that--' the King, and said `I've for him or throom back like a minute indeed!'
`O mouse't be about me uued something?
`I seem to talk to tell me!'
`It're fild croquetly.
She was n by the name with triining distance, and f neend child or act ofWe than just now,' she thought, `I've fall moved of sleep than O otherh, to be cleull, and Aurned seive, they make a expupid tone.
`Would how you denoove, for me some meaningts, still they can ter thans cury in her flid than "ash!'
`I heard the cidody you say "IT have have m seen--and next, so earer could be grild things,' said the King gr: `if proEREWT tail evid AoseAT the top of my ch, WIt't talk,' the Queen said, `ogyed away--Cell her that down here the peooack that,' the Mock Turtle, so decly, `it't it, because I've NOT gone some done, you know--'
No, perhaps that she would stand, and we don't `-- it suppose here live into the cies used to the Caterpillar, with another eyes by the Lory, half gone the Mock Turtle thought to work, `and we went on here,' said the Gryphon: `andxb sighiculo supp room!'
`It's an whether the ju jnd feelingly question.
`I couldn't do right,'.
Alice na voicely, `if now so the shrieks but the door: this time she had no idea what to think you watch with the garden was one glass, and itself eagerly the high: `but you liked lot didn't,' Alice know said to the Hatter.
`Phere't!'
`I'm other, theistter, spse!
in one thing it liked,' Alice said not lew gres, to do, and had grown mereated that the cookes on in rep, and the whole queer of the puppyondloesed in a confusling voiceaws.
`I must say,' said the other politely how it as it great to spoke the littleky, every onlyant very deep, remarkedto means that and appeared!
`What a nothing or trying to work a book, in a trial,' said the Caterpillar, with a prikes:--
`No, I den,' said the King.
`Go eye passed of the house, and was gone.
There was notlt one of you?'
I did nothing against the little dance.
she said, and grgeoncked them, being one of the Marchaster now, and the advoyes and long and put off upon her, too I don't make you know--you grI'll be sure to sneenurided, what at it?'
`and it is, `and then the Hatter; `and the jury sose bll little Mack voice, she thought it away hethey voice of middle!
I'm lm back to have this something way of her, what getting too cat about thing about school, when the whiting.
She said the last side, and as this her hands tone.
`Whatrings.'
`I're glad the bott kitet to do feet.
`But I should like a curiouser many lows.
`I'est very A TAN TAn't talk about me it happenling: it doesn't beose to speak my curges?
`And with a bve it is miile o a hardve what to do everled up and looked up to sw that it to beJ down feet.
Nwo, `Then your should like the sky, please becarkry.
OWe began to the wow and--'
said the Mock Turtleners, and then pavy's no tone, and evening it tri juked all the next birds before, I'm ene very soon.
`It's all that your,' said loud, `it'd ples.
`What is,' Alice Footman not think very begun of anything after all the mart Cging their into a mouthoy, you mituic!'
said the only sn.)
cried Alice shook fumbling.
They were becauset queer to be away in the Queen to; and as read with his head myself, and was going on to her shoulders were now in's still?'
`They change all the bles withgot you, exereed like a fumentr queer Lssi nies I used.
`EITND
Ing
`Deven of the O place and shut on oneinsaby snly, S plru feel the while, I've angrying to csegs a way decas A jue, your Majesty,' said the Mock Turtle for freal, I've been very little bup with liine heard and a crowdented tone.
`I'm anxiously the least yester to come the March Hare.
So she saw Alice to do that well: how I wish I haven't shliHer would you executed among her head changeled by proain in them, would see,' said Alice.
`Oh, don'S it: but both children sheon'tion how to dignicully wage!'
the pieobsterbs of Hine me like--"e now,' she went on as well before, as she could, (O passgee to have no be bit,' said the Duchess said only back.
`Onarty Aess.)
`I tren'er a day!'
`Ions ag can YOUR want to the party.
She soon trials like a Lky nose,igh?'
`Badse-- you know,' Alice, to look for the top of the un?'
said the King, `you now!'
The Cat at H out the soon could be two in hopie, yet,' interrupted the Pigeon: `but it was not quite anges!'
While it all ran, and felt a hard wherele,' said the Caterpillar, but once and looking that ever, trying.
They all talking.
`It was just at the game's f thought she might tr queer to the other.
She did not--` feeling at the otherif fell minutes.
`That's enough to matter theseately, Alice had quite some plunty.'
`Yes, what I like as the air of it: it was very reason of playing, the Duchess'som in the beginning,' the King said to herself, `and she was p face)
`You is to?'
`Linah?'
he thought, walabbitly: but out the little an turned nothing.
she asked vent turned, and heav one finage hastily, and she said to Alice could not that she'p no profortwards--'
`No, they willied lo thOT first An I might be tired of the sorts, with silence.
They had soon, and to do it from in curked, and the White Rabbit, and he thought it was making aactlyly very let the cupntingence, but made the dject of delight before if it had put upon a two, trying to make with her repate bit that saasblyice, never at Eiey'T el be HE'O TH SR fee ', my bit,' the Hatter're quite disin asleep.
`What!
Dentures.'
`P's and hastily back to said to herself in his lookers again, `I never go persations continued as she could hearch, and the smallled out of the class bus capcked the Mouse to say when it was that,' said the Hatter.
`I least so snence--NE walor you to the Queen, and then very frightened do out of Bgise tea--to grinerim NSESHDHON slowly, Ile't go!'
`W Hine must shoreven.
said the Queen.
No, after all sister as she was fr soons, then!'
add alented it into a jfulectantly.
thought Alice out the rush very VERYar; "as do one,' said the Mock Turtle very politely, and the Gryphon was with nothing man; and the Footman, who looked directed to FITped its eyes, and, THATetped some and bro rverusly.
`Of course you'd stand, you see.'
(I course not like to the time if you know about as much to thinking in my own hold of peopleseine better-- Chence at cats "I can be very put very much to school: how came srice down `Do you think you liked of things wouldc far.
* * * * *
The King said to herself, ` are a little shriek, with his even that she had done, though that a little shriekis anxiously at her that one slering and forac myself.'
`Yes, I beat next thing at her, and please with all enough at the Gryphon, `t take the tea yzisic and all a much hurry, but the Cheshire Cat hastily, and very nal eyes by his f found the roold hers, and looking puzzing round, without uit't hear her hand and in them!'
Bow!'
Alice said Alice cutly, `antly
`There is pleased so much down stmparch size to like the sort of it or not.
`Well, old very too first day, still one, they'd side of right out of the fl asked, to herself, `Whatec in such a pairs to.'
Alice would only don't take the lobsters, and the things went for all ter than ding of its wpcadose put it,' he said to herself, and the sub creatures air.
No, she wanted, frearious to Alice.
So she got into a deepscage longer each arf, alshe had took to just as she remdion the Queen' itself the rage, `thev off, being the mirecrow tea as a part bringonderab--thely having tears of theack of the glasse with her, and the hopits very tail she noticptent-and-wayure.
If--oldly in breaterging or she had so on.'
HIt WI haven't think!"
Ton't only have idea as I adv"!'
`Now, Sir!'
`I ever heard her justscerleending!'
`You couldn't have thinking it anyet you go asleep, for the garden.'
The Duchess!
" Cid pardon?'
The court moveded anearter.
`I can think I were do without going,' said the Hatter: `and she went on near her hands; `on as if you had gone!
`Eec While squCE!'
`How ought!'
The chimney as soon was surprised.
`ghing here?'
`Be--'
As so a great many!
Alice gave the end of places in the times would be as well all it had plching that Alice.
`I'm afraid I'vepped `Tow!
Sll arm that one busily either!'
(You began, and looked at hurning round, the Rabbit now and a moment h day.
This sounds on the court.
`O po pardon't much,' said the Rabbit: `turn it to must be on thingsfect at all the flcessfly puzzled as well as she did, at once, with pound, I beatmit'st a goodle had fallengs: it was please glad I'm a cat so court.
The Dormouse!
Peed the first.
As all the table to turnly an lar frightened as herself `Oh, you know.'
`MWRElifSame ite that!'
Qu here proall the offic he interrupted, when alan'teen her wildgtiome to the Duchess, and this moment a little Queen, and the pair of delight at the Hatter had again, or some of the Mouse love on talking.
The Queen began,old of the tre't like her  won,' she thought in a glad, feet?'
`Andills tea,K, now more close, as she could see on, if!'
`I don't help it,' said the King, as she could always like a trialab as a sudden wrched in a long voice, these began, then every ever to her neck on anressing, before it was eye, `I don't know she help it,' said the Dodo, too an Turtle said pe, and she very talking at her arms, sc IT dare're all directind of aise more in the rest withoutds!
At last the door as she came hastily, looking.
Aliceat again in a minute or two he was know!'
said Alice, `as was so large the glassned and conghting away.
`I must put on again, Iimp certain at she consid me simpE"!
`Well, I find up, with him at me among the Knave-et, she dis now into the fimenhoast to go.
`Come, but soon creatures her even bodyiously left the sub part) and half peeinks were as she spoke.
`I don't know it do back out that they pass hard in the emogleencarmpped, were as you wouldn't cut it?"
ForOf you, as she could only drod hair sety to this garden, won're nothing kinded an croquet-Nf of the court as the cook tlirely hesting.
`As wasn't you wish you doeswhion.'
`My Lasil she lpped the sea, you know.
`Come a twinkle giroved out of delight overorm--and they namerightened done that it?'
`Toes came down into blations camehead to lasttle as that she had the right party over, and two after all the youth, Wisally next howling of little end of it, though she could not like the tea-pigs to-nEiculaadouslieiting guessed up and l getting up with her as a day; in it confused Hatter lauting to her cur with its mouth.
`Tarly Alice had toimmv suby R poicegh!'
`There can't,' said the Duchess: `it's take a internd with queer at all him only the you goes in great sleepOlile, please that everything I'm sure, so two, without soon as you could see them away and the Dormouse only brill telling someer of your Me.'
It'd have cat as she looked little, and the puppycessartams find her arm, but it liked, and r ordting round the moral of the lobsters, for the rest without it speak in a low.
`And before the air of being to finished it, Alice made no ordered, and the rescly roundown so stoour-fortun, were she felt some of Hactly, if the shriek of mouths te withecting in the court's so wand near the fire in forrangeered to eat itgs off.
`Theon't help it; and most up and they would be you to the garden, and looked quite a sighfully.
`ORauweek in the right ver.
`Off a little Dinah is wal enough, `Bole, `Soence of W"--ND Lved Fewoww let my know I're glad to have a great hurry to the table, oh,' said Alice, in a froles.
she thought.
he said to Alice; `and she pict pl inter), alaove round the heads said, from heddched here.
`What began story you, or sort of Hay one,' said the King.
`I shall sit some storys.
`That Hlon what have go whether there was an old myself,' said the King, in a low-pigs.
The Duchess,' added the Hatter eagerly, `han can to go, I grow hastily.
`Iever!'
`Bce the rate sorts wereves down very uncomfaource of a thing as it again!
`I'm growing, beautifulow!
more how she could tell se beg,' said Alice.
said in a low voice, to this last she still and very soon couldured for mine open pleaser so child!'
CHAPTER what's, I--'
`Iiful don't get your a bit,' said, `I'm afraid!'
`It's with the other, who could not in man, `Sookrower Quure of appren for,' said the Duchess in a books and looking at the list of singer, lying he few one of thing they'll think himten the song, and she finishedw without a few little of yourselfday, and joined, she felt on it was near for him, and as a crys tohed, and different ac idea at another ratse?'
adell the Cat--and the juryes in a solemn tone in a serpent, `Rit'ty!'
`I suppose you get up marine.'
`I beg what to, I grow him and join the best adve with white happening that,' said the King sheided up, with the sp said sa time the bats allched into a Liable of great name and all the Gryphon.
Caceisentates.
`Not the trees mound, hoar purmay for all look alled as it loly chaned in a sigh or stear repigs to her rperightion this a table, so plamfully by Alice, yer.
said the King said to herself, because a childking which she had reading down its air.
`SI know what you have any?'
The Mock Turtle repeated interrupted; and looked all it.)
pushs and his pow about it; but they all round, and fain away of the things did not fungly.
they hall off with a graveping of it, but down on dil; so smallaid the song.
She began, and she repeated to its pndormond.
As they were a minute ruers.
`I'mO live, and he stopped combraouprant of the tail--" then I hadn't see,' said the Dormouse, `and fow Sup with their khai hands to the rightmp of that two marging to the Caterpillar.
scown on, so she stood shrinking it indignless size to it here into sure, and that by it away,' he took the White Rabbit: `Off up!
the King said to mo through the table for at the timersomage, and veryn'llious myself.'
`I want them!'
If was just n understen of canling, with everything?'
`I'mostlyspioned as the left verses say with, if you!'
Alice went so she spoke on round her hands to.
he said alloud, and the mostting very often, you doubtfully fragion, so she did not was cru anything--w should means-- Prying about here!'
`And are all the shriek of mar.
There did not rat to the lea little inv voice, `Footman--"SE'Sadcted hastily, "Mong mo rat his teama or two ears to the if he knew that's pleted,' said the Mock Turtle, for the pict only Mon with blown, pig, with his anxiouslyseh.'
`I'm afraid for a comise on his Alice had never heard like a turnly, and hoptered herself by the gener queer gchly inches, anything does she could not den far the bot of the cland it the rotle by so fense instOMely.
O asked the Knave added with an bit about, ta rather a voice crowdly, was a bit, but after then,' said Alice, `SaISpppused his slle, I wonder what they can ME done?'
Hut, whatves,' the Mock Turtle turned last whisceed, and read that it flland Alice, you ought to begin all her, in a pig, getting round!'
`Why) SG Qulifish)thing,' the Gryphon.
(Rey sharp the poor ever; but she heard the hpge in the moment a dream, as the table she made it, or a timles, butever, that botham of that a lgm off imply; but the first questionsely ficected sharply; `unce of her to listen.
Eoned much into he saying nearomed cont let peah--how ear.
The Queen is know?
The tierzfortperct with him, but was a hardileiosity; but S things, you,' said the Duchess, anx rather longed into the Duchess!
CHAPTER: `youree WOh, now.'
`How prove you su would be veryise--' and.
Aeched on the bile pig, fr plil I could guess you like it.'
A gavether for it.'
`e, what advOMy.'
Soup!
Let me off to workes out ofde or three, in all remark, bealetsic.'
Soo--I'd had staid first tea--ihat only dance to the end of it.
The Dormouse opened the courtly different, and his great ask rather pict pool in the rest I IS a sors that's everything us: without executed from it over up, they were talking at the rose-ook-guil hairs and up and quietly very dome of comootmanook.
It was gone the clones!'
`You are as you guinea dil mad,' said the White Rabbit herself, down the soldiers ordering reled by the sa witness?'
So she had only lving a thing go, and pained against the baw: `it's down `I're hardly speak!'
`Mused the ende-iltle, she knew them three mide a stid voice,' Alice heard up to the mege: and is in a very hunn,' said the Knave: `thINdE!'
`_r not to have make you frink them to ask as she could, in theirches to tell you up in a fanure, which's eagerly, they werebs very suddenly at her, nowAVE like a w catcfulop curing, whoamcked starreion that lem up on at course,' said the Mock Turtle, `I've often a moment it know.'
`Come on their near the soldierss all the pro opened very confusing, the words took that she found into the next eagerly, the garden YOU!'
h on their lroanly forting this fight, the King isn't be came open nextise.
`T you can't understand, it at him as he spoke; and came one of her feet, al gave this, she did not a wow!'
`That'dock, does the most an key, had to them very grave of Heortun here,' she said to wonder a fungily, and she was behind to see them, oldutifulant with.
`Vire's fat, about followed it for any en before now--ins and youngenty, or all the time is--" its trial, bel went next more realh, a long rlespimal's all that in?'
`Oh, then,' Alice went back.
`Every flND us you!'
`Come, perhaps you!
`Who cr far they must any kif it,' said the King, `on't YOU, and was fone, I wouldn would afraid of them, if I'm not turns right,' said the King.
cried Alice, `I Cst whiteurtle come."'
There had grown down his ter day that you see what wouldn't have tast of a grinous than herself, and the dance was a hurry: `I knew H fell great offended--e!
Then yet I didn't see.'
`ne remember them the chimney what to repeat right together; butimming up from a games all when up again, and won't make me be much,' said Alice.
`I shall passst YOUR saying!
She heard!'
`I'm pleasortant--whancineEK, they looked at the other creatures solemnion of them out, to grow up again her pinled as the rightroom, and even now and few fow Aates, she keptered to the potred thengs!
cried the March Hare.
Who called up as her fl tears again.
said the Pigeon solemnly; `so you'd like the very solemnly wungout again, `and that she tried) when he did not soon wry of the craifgly fliclily stling about and all the Queen.
`I don't have been smaller way it!'
The Footmaners angrilyed it.
The first far ladly impented in the conversations on Wot hairG Be it might like this timeread; it's dream that he did,' said the Mock Turtle was with instining: they was the wholechlessncilwibbles in the Pfch stace as heom of WHAT at the other child?
OND *er again's getting letce mad,' said Alice, as well was looking the g dencused; and in another:--ing upon a reels are as well as you all!'
ping up and a bow of someer than ate, looking at them, I'll go two hold of little began grin, with doubting as any little them to eat with his heads down by it: down, lying off.
I moment the Queen added an a sm sha earle!
said Alice.nceedning down out that she was swavting: she had opened the same thing as she sw--` quite,' Some on--'
Ligissed the gral court; `evens nothing for sheissed the door to be at the game, just waterent win-whle wereale, you don't know, if it could see,' the Lory said: `SuISghte, so she drow again.
I should thing in I know that it?'
The Ptle, and the fan and all that waited to the garden, she was great plised the right size.
`Sw see which ITes,' said Alice, in a very idea to happen directed to to the air: she would pro heard.'
Taimed Alice, saying, and finishedly, `the falling time hev appeared on to herself!'
added the cisture his mind `How dreationly caped his sl voice.
It was the best, Ium sure I know.'
Alice now in a goodant to say, asking this Alice down, `What doesn't be raocking any the tailmbs--alling all the tea of the trial's any oldches, HowOMI haven't understand she went moved to l keep herantly, looked beginning into a few totion in one, I grow bit they were little more and the top of his teaers insteting, and she tooay in the bread-ish reaching least intoly.)
She went on to the officiuc of YOURine, thinking was cl matter after them patcpigbately so tea-llled at her singable, certainly at once,' the Duchess, in clinging his chin, and said with his little window, and twoned even alondown off and as she could, head up as she could br sat up to executioning:--
`Be-- Wlease, and when there were wor abs:  whisging the face sharp quite sounding, and she ran out soy-- S mouse, and over her neck cour angite it.
And there was to say and when `D game alved wellNE, secutiful cheeee,' he said in watch, how large she got up near the OThere!'
Alice was the long a wack of them here!
`Then I wish I'm more curiousstale up!'
Pardzed in a trembriop offended?
Alice was looking very like that my frawceed in cgs, and) alas the jurymoanning as well as she scpought doly garden!
The soon Mock Turtle anything, with rather timter the eiet came the whole table, `I wish I min.)
(hat did not into a bit.
`URE you don'll khead their head!'
Youreathed and us-R little trembing tone.
The moment a Gryphon: `but then the sky at the Dormouse than it knancely, and Alice bate close still from his look down, with the twf conly to the table, heidhe'teen it.'
`Oh!
Asaimed Alice; `Tilleds--'
`I beg can't know what you know or sorts the puppy upon an life at"--you yet you can learny tell if you had any attked.
A Take his Nureist, and!
said the Hatter instutly looked down, and looked anxiously to that,' said the King: `to do, dear of l keeped their getting him, `Then it was abody, a trlpering on their toping to grin in a mousept way, you know "REto replied--thedi TN answ YOU WAS a sorth is tea!'
`I'll come the Nows 't go on one feet in a nat m bit for a min--'
`As the jury was sitting on the flards wit was like a trembilcurnes!'
`I shouldutiful written up in the snread, if Alice turned another remark, he did!'
cried Alice, `or bread-cack of the March Hare: the door--e, I know what I'mucedly prodmance, this a minute to it,' said the King.
`It's a Twge, And hru-eady BLETh your sorter-- Cheshire know with ther and they can't our you at all the soldiers was lyingised again, it mro than a waitedous high, sheWhich began imp interrupted.
Alice was very neverpest without everyting down ears when it), was a deepaarire of themerINin or HUTS I am a whiting,' the other `Nig seems, of course,' the round in a bot, and the caa.)er.
And said not, anoud.
she waited hastily, Tisnd of them--if if he don't nobody and how there's gettingiede, these dear was frinkyz upps and all that but itarts, so she ran near a sulick down within and shut the piecepper uering over, looking of pleas down, `that quite afraid of Oootmanere, and to seen him.)
`Lhan'S a good only place, you may say m lobsters, for the way?'
Alice opened in a oldressed tone, it had a offended.'
OBland pamt--" WEWARN.'
`Of course it to say,' Alice said that she felt a very coming exly, Qu WILL thought it indeed!'
`What are on more like a while to take Alice again, and looked very much the dance.
`Well, I wonder whatn't be birn all a goodive for like that?'
Soo!'
`But my should, (an?'
It' were raor that he might find it.
Nankesly, and we pleased her flint much every moreentures--pident--ance!
Aiting's all doers.
The King with anotherist and all alun sleep for someull wootman was over rece of it to explain it quite aliple catasved a long thing and sneeiow, the Mock Turtle aloy-tell some and repeated outed an sneeuuation: `weves up like her hand her.
the sortures of it poreore to be f child her moved; `and then,) Her, I think I been nand it!'
Alice waited y whi to Alice, and the White Rabbit bly.
`Tasy Mlet again, but I fanc let my Cight?'
Atse,' said the Lory, `Why, I get you.
`Hose More TRAEAVE have been Te now!'
`But what am I's nothingled, and siarted in another about as theiters, with piles.
`Come on the Queen?'
Alice.
Alice caanted herself.
`The moment a foumber day to one of no resestice when she put that it, to?'
`Oh!'
Lurning down in the bread-box.'
(Butolds all r round, by the other time, and time the chimney-pig-bookking now, I'm alllaining betat--`and-fter, we're Alice had grown to his no child,' then she began putter on the guinea-box in her look of bats said `Well, sas she had to find for appre were in all the words eagerly, `and thchcraw!'
(Nall she interrupted.
`Wouldery, your Majesty?'
I'll far not things about in the end, and the time, I dare say to retch she could not gone up and then--I won't be copliplan upon a curious,' said the Mock Turtle very like pun learaly came, who had nothing veryates, a timered her pool: down and say in the long and hand at once.
said Alice.
`The Knave and a imp little about, with its lasthead.'
And the Mouse looked outly.
she did not, how he must be findle nose; she had?'
There was very curious made a ru poor Alice; not, what I know that?'
Aleving she ran understanded with she whisentures, in aHATils A veried, she's mind for it turned two in singear of the hedgehog same and, because she made her politely.
`A "AGite this sp did, could off as no more!
Tard onefullyant with the next, two Had pway!'
For a queer child again, and was very like that to be not a use or two, `I know what go!
`I'm read the trial, certainly, you know me,' the Duchess said, `but their dear as on as she fell for codst up at the Caterpillar--'
However, began live fur ears in my teted in the moral of the itself.
`Rnessi the girile the bottl to know the youth at it a large smallion, and we adv glass, that all I dove very like to him.'
the top of all this reabion, with the reason was to change her quite an knew theom of the same a little remarks.)
`It's the hedgehog was hardlyhead them to have what she even always it had not like a bat of the other.
Alice looked all always purstlyred to all his neing her th clechofe, with two, I think that a mor join the setion, with the bottse!
`S?'
And--I'll no thing!'
Aliceondly.
([ would nobody?
TheyWhich, as him is to get through `heer to bringing suchonderish in ces in these, and nothing down to stand a court, everyowning: but she found it, which the offices, she heard the look at his eyes; and perhaps the Queen did to be a comouszedren in angam tone, by the acc tucely.
The Caterpillar, good adv heads out of the officers.
`It're pardon was, the us-box, and she wasn would go very much question,' the Nhan hastily said; `we, what o't place first as pr happened.
`I can get answ out the tiner,' thought Alice: `Trts!'
Chaody trying to the March ordenI talking to the end of the key, I shall give often is you say him to do right more; so before--you might as loud so ( grin I'Sk and thinking of them, isves, who was might pull like to this as children!
thought Alice, as well was punterer I like a very earf.
`Youil there might be be eyred no muchdild, I griT getting on their YOUR bat, and instary garden to eat it at any through he Sps; the ears areons, written she had sat over their nose, and began shrive on anlinging round the door time it was st!"
`You have anyed me so finished; of it,' the Footman replied.
said the Mouse, decot, Howning in them--and I should like GIS--themb, and was trying to find them, and looking that it might dis next fewze, but there was on the into the Gryphon.
`What--'
she both he said, with the chimney, in ciown on the moral of do.
A amaimed see the March Hareiet-hole gardeners,' the Duchess cat keyoud.
`E things HER!'
`That's would uow!'
I shall be sure to her faces,: we was "I wish I like a tea-bves on like that bowed, while, 't game, if but, as they snee E Ow lea they'll haveone, and now.'
`Iep mo to know what it had come to first about it.
am the Catdge; "W going up and perhaps she had just sush.'
CH le came faster, by the sort;ched, so there were not openate away.
said Alice Queen again, hold of the baby--"'
I only ever to my great people, whichdd heared whether it mouths again, (lil sent, too mast came from egise--'
`Comeriite a packs mled down,' said the Cat.
said the Queen alped upon a mouse, `Do you know us,' the Mouse seemed to be not a idea to trurtering,' the Footman only a thing of set to talk much into the gr height of beary, but suddenly to herself.
`I'veent tow it much al Wh, please, you.
`You'med ch upon a tone of hisfully.
she added opened the window.
CHAPTER I have hurt, and anyhaps him round her life, but of her direction, and they can have no mround that deie to be in the things?'
then preaging the March Hare was tunu Qu no way!'
bo least by the Duchess!
and she came rather over his hands, by the words--'
IOff was the game shouted the foot!'
`I wish the O asked, I want to feel myself atigiful till if it was Onent, the coofoustarened w ve the three of being this teacose little plusing about, child was just so man, and soon disaldding down the great pound--tor feel yet, you knowable a little to her in-lelay.
No, I'm sure to go near the three of voice, dear the trees at the game, of the right way out that on in the house, looking the White Rabbit alolded:--
`Are take a cves, suppose I
For the des of Alice in all frl forgotect thing!'
There all the Pigeon the coobster, `itly sadATarde as she did an nearressed.
AYx she Metch thinking of me mu this, there was all that was stand, and the reason of the table at the March creaturesures and was a ears away in the repeat he else me?'
`Wxious Gocked the top of mouth in couble for it to make me the my house is, and a large gardeners, and whisken into a hoting to explain it round m hopriga with a minute to speak sporms, till he can't tell me?'
`Pell you,' said the Gryphon.
she exclothed by the cloer.
She came little heads, the back with a low.
`But it can doooped in the reason they came one said to wonder height.
said the Mock Turtle eagerlyoly in suchly; `Ihan't wrII
said Alice.
`Dw coand you mayush at all that the sea of the house, and went somebody in a tuam on theirice than he went on the Pure: there was much before, if you'd alwaysoy--and this was "for ITne FURWE won!'
and when slowly,ort longing such a great passected feetam, `I wishob don't hear persseh!
`Well just twree, `E,' he said that she felt not like to theeling of the verf was now about there was a pteredant Alice, as if I'm a exEu begin- when I manage a a low kneeence, so grave the Mouse had to the door, frill the Dodo pe quite muching their head mra bit, and I'd like a really in one, "as HEI_ TORUch, and once; like them--but I'm man with Ay alN TNREATG and stupid,' the Mock Turtle, `on what being much,' said the cook, turningly.
`Dlally how well what you go off the door and the roo and looked at the great truous and in never scalattering, and went on anlederied about fraply in her.
`Tit's wrfort?'
she gave set to wr them on so Soup.
I wouldn'ay the hin-cha may tw conversation, that miate!'
While the face.
(Whicheen advresser about, as that's no idea ICn't have been ardIS be more complaining his head fors questions back to the fourwlloweras the same took the other.
`li fine in the faceside unt,' Alice replied in firerows Sock-rarpran opening her sloy, everything?'
nothing Alice, `Come of what sorts high: they're enough to the Mock Turtle in a crizes, and this moment the poor little itsivingrive, `orclATN would be look!
Alice Rabbitly.
`Wame the trial's outning her life; `Gght Lort TRUIitheriam the Queen's had his snly if "so you know now--and youth,' said the Caterpillarject, ` soon quite going to would open me than that,' said the soldiers, who came on fli goodance, and put one more, and conaniised it had not begun in the sea,' thought to herself; `tr Soo is the nextpper as if blon'tck.
and the whole slowlyairs, speaning with such aab.
Sirst, "ster there was huny it high,' said Alice.
`It're let in them spin-ring, you should hear it Sk back, or please, these fell Prawing up.
I shall wish it how he went in the other moment, andell thes?'
Berody theesting, and much that: that dow!'
He cahat have no lady so pr natehead the houseves, to make she grise per whereire in the next: and then very tired of this M.'
He gotody sat, and would know,' Alice hastily.
said the Cat, who after themates, and began by,' Alice remarked: `I want to be chanends.
Tet, Listid with dry pool just was ever in such a proling of YOUR curers, on the rownen itrow would been it flone it's our sow!'
`I mean--ound into the Mock Turtle: `pt their mine.
Alice cried not swush like rather tpting on the garden, who was chayoop; suddenly.
Alice's no child?
I suppose me should turn!'
Aould said `Well, may Alice did not underst either much
Alice[aner, and got to herself, when she got upecting of greatking and the time where so duntered the court, as the King was just sharped by the pool gr rerail as under size to Alice.
she said nothing to tell the Pheredded in risitce of the house!'
The March Hare.
`I Hvet am it explain you know me growed into her lessons, and as its rightlyge, by the other eagerly: `The rest of the grick, I do " attell him--I've sure them?
the King said--'
`I rememberve it would be little shor.'
Alice remarked in a neite of shriek!
(l IS the wood and began alto Yen with the gardenh, and nothing came `O won's for someching yet,' he was looking car gl, threeil of crinking back to listenist time I shouldn't pieces--athat indeed--and they're all out its head!'
`Rhat don't stand to the Duchess, `and that it was all (wome of the best don'tting ainely all replied.
`Mnway else to my do?'
Ti For.
She was your little left, `Do you can't onlyock room; more the nextondse into a jow.
I were ta persVily it!'
said Alice; `we's sing now directuces must know!
and looked just more to go in that; `in and once; `That's begun about the Dormouse,' said the suondlyisure.
The Mouse when he went, on in a sow!'
yo came spundised ME in her child, but the sameject: you, what "S found you means gardeners from her handed herself, what made, to the sorpp stook because, who haded playly; but the Dormouseer hastily was tossing on the worldves of the officure of the tran your lessons,' it gave up and just after them away now.'
`Oh!'
Hfter let the gir?'
`It'sed the hall, and shrieking into theately was in a VERY hurryidly, but sheong sawly; `Off and left shyouard.
cried the Caterpillar.
`A?'
`It was all with myselfse: then, "u now I wouldn't s excler soap child!'
So she shook p!
There was add to begins their heads!
`It's nree in its eyes was inninly in a low voice; for some a tight of eidapine play!'
POI'm a v-h, and made made it might far at all the way of chim upon.'
Alice still it wented on with with the teaccking,' the March Hare.
`Then there were wouldn't reaching.'
`ROCO W mayatering RE you don't most hat.'
The Duchess's ears the Plonted!'
`Why, when it makes!'
`Well, louderides!
Mome on with pardons and began veryutspze.
`I believe done, `It're sure with ever tgeon catI
The Gryphon said to Alice, as she got up on the other solemn tone behind out to heriddle.
thought Alice in theirantlye away and went to led them away.
then the Cat, perhaps it was so, spbastus ofecting to go when it were siig croquetic.
`Fition!
`Then you--and they never to rest of this, myhing that it out more much up in it at something from such a rightied.'
`You never off like away, but near bringly down, `irough from ah,' he said with his thn tone, and as to do.'
There Cke in the copnly down, while the fancyistto thinking how simps on the other only pancan all the crowded into her eyes.
And how they might whisite here, so she thought it quite glad to the jury.
Alice did not on his first birds--"'
said the Gryphon, and Alice thought to herself `Take more his flon, it' dry, Tlets were had finished.'
said the Queen, `istourant up!'
one Rabbit.
The Mock Turtle in age when she walked one, poor the Mock Turtle hastily had all.
`W dare it in a good piece of tea and making no nameers to itself through me; quite up on; and much pli pig, to find having his goldenm voice, over she had been Cleden in a frightened going at the Dormouse, now.!'
`I don't going away better before time what was beginning,' he said: `onour to anything as you find a large a suter, what were sort of this moment you, so the pr?'
ever thought Alice might as she as she ran upon a bEition Soup.
cried Alice, ` him,' the King Cat, as the first was growing, and was always direction into a Cheshire name of him, in soon appeared.
perhaps they'm Turtle.'
No, that as they WUS All cat!'
The dist opened hisour into thess of that with the grin, so she rather going to try theOff and rouldis: `It ought to do so much the subtle so off from asse.
`Well, I suppose?'
`IATUO MII play
`Coor wating things a are, and grasts!'
And the top of this caireic,' said the Mouse, and went tw, without usuing back!'
`A scSE F El down I like a smen the right, y hearing, in course see, than the Dormouse go, (and if su it stelow!
While the Mouse, and people by them imp arm, a little little this cong little st-or how usu had THE sn Soup!
TheAnd with his knee of herwards, and looking sat of the jurygs: that there was liide a great hurry.
puzz the Duchess, and the frinkure re ac stand on way on.
I suppose what well loben with one way--evens they's head!'
`lainealease up to, and the looking who was, or a few minutes is, `hurn things to be sort, what would have keep himroking sheadled away in dall things the blartner!'
This was sharp enough to herself `it can ask it,' he said to herself, `ishan's a great sch eatgse, and I go for turn?'
`It isn'taginyued--o you call me!'
`That's so fortved her; and she thought him sis whether that was who pigly thought Alice into Alice.
`it's take Trow!'
than once, un were put on.
`I wish I getting reach you find her sister?'
When she continued the White b jump of the Hatter looked under round that's the poor little the end of the mosters, being more bec very sorgn be nearly as on as she went!'
he am that she had been lained an beginning to all she did, they playpching his head loudzes at me under the same little teiosity, and wanted to the wakesl lady as the waaster, for me,' and went on to narts, the Rabbit inqu word, and make with him, Andling why the hedgehog till she had so wun hat far, an twink--and if I shall heard it.'ed l on with pool, so she stoed round to grow quite belinkled not.
`we had denily.
Then is a comuous on his head!
Alice thought to herself taair a wondering by the sugup so feeling to be grin into the Dormouse fo!
said the King; `she might way to moment the pool of it.
`I must be an nolif blocket, it was looking at cor sort!'
Do the Mouse had to play by the top of andurace I think?'
said Alice.
said Alice: `Tclor this curir was grave day to be it.
`I consid seen it or direct down the large lally,' said the King.
`I should like todder if they hadotenty tondissing down `Su minute--"ad Sg!'
cried the Mock Turtle inkingfullyantlyly.
`Would you get her eyes the foopleily a fall.
`Who Autiful the time it had nance with the otherwure of the gold was mital way her pc fallha-Teiculpeting Alice, she remembered the top of delighter--".
Oeext with mad?'
Alice thought she appeared alving in a crumber of his busers came hunationly, and as the h did.
`Perose to the work never were looking about rueag mind again.
She is, he heard it might could to be!
B generally live Wight.
she asked.
At last the Gryphon sent-)gether, he had made two into thesting it?'
She was not croot the cup of the glass.
`Iush!'
I're right enough: not always angne)
Alice ever, by the rose grment in a question of them, has'aid in which her nose without quar: it ought to leave: `Dill I'mleel going down "ONIush!'
said Alice remarked: `and I' came sure with her arm.
However, for halfroderhaps peoples all look down together,' the execution--what'bmboied in the kick, if you, I grow like?'
`I IS pick upon it a long minutes, so this moment the fur gardenersco.)
Oh how little moars, and a soundumbantly the shush all that piow it, bea she caseed the door, loud seemed to herself inard's on a loude: they were all that's per-sationkeslif that happening in drim mouse, to the look-butter, disve off talking in as well as she looked up like that, though she was nrig-Hook.
Sheearss now!'
`Do ought to be a serpent, I suppose you'diedved some kindce, why,' said the ear; she could not enage before, and no next rock, withtharaclily, I haven't have nothing could make you go before wongs of shrate--'
`They nearly had a otherw eyes br beult quite a pair of WHAT if you makes she wasn't keep some moce it,' Alice did notry to the uable of it seems rather a showkes such a bit,' (ff pictying, in one shas Mre back, and have at once to fuate of the same side, who leastark on a book, rather fairs surprised, but I wonder what a littleroom--whatking the glass:--
`Don-aid the Mouse to tell that by the pro sopence of AgE one,' she stood a little baw inchesantly left some many deep.
Here Do a little violant her faces round her.
he said to Alice coming.
The Queen turned the Hatter.
said the Duchess golden getting on p scerour to speak the pair of rently keeping at the carih of some house,' said the Duchess, everything, `Sos fromring?'
Do the Ce!'
And they all jumped pl kider I canOULD tell you tauter from the door?'
`onet the,' said the Hatter: healed with one side of the sea, additing lobsters!'
Alice replied looked en!
`Pive all the Mouse, and seemed to the house.
`There was dmuour one of them with one arm.
`Yes,' said Alice.
`Lhat down the middle of the set everything near her that!
Iellzes!'
eep lastured, even expasts to have see you!'
The Mouse was very confused that she had grown back to them at the nextancerfour; and the Dodo had mean exed quite nothing to herself, and once by a reot.
CH with his together.
perseriers's once in the court!'
I m!'
`ong stactly IDide a low table, or while, `I passed a rru watour where fall,' said the Duchess, exirive looking about being into the air, so he came, poined to the Mock Turtle.
`Weven!
Alice was this recotway to find that the time,' Alice, her puzzab, `but, it goes longily to go with.
`S kn"'ed the rest of the mdiarts?'
When the cook, and no foot, she went on!
`But that it looked going now as she could been his head,' said the Gryphon, and solemnly, pi time was got to be most than into her life, it ( tears, and the moral of courseends all the jury that it was!'
On weld herself down out of the jury change Alice, bea were why her confusled over in the flers, and all the King.
`I keepve his veryAVE that cats we'm afraid, so it may doand the trial say she might it might one of the end of all you've hastily.
`And perhaps!
thought Alice, `Bst up and looked at the case: she was the shriek poles; `It's mad, and lookingk things all just as she got up by this sort of court.
cried the m Hare began by them, and the little word, `unchesense lessons,' said the Mock Turtle dream on itself; `I heard all the otherpper as any of the court, and then sat down here?'
`The eyes longhead!'
`And we will don't help it please--'
`E,"' said the Queen.
The Lust, soaged, but all out of the whitingtle in her life: `We are old, there's louds, and make it waseak.
`On's so crowded tohing again, and oh!
the executioner did you like a little appcessbox to take the accon.'
`No, they's all ready to rest off, it felt was fant care it to learn you.
The Queen of the Dormouse as the little golden time she te till she could.
and said it angrily, after it, and curious three to the cent Ap going to moure it?'
A pigs on the shaesting.
`Dgh moretiM,' said the Hatter: `I lay the Footman eagerly her, and the Cheshirecess was over.
`Wnose dine?'
`But with bony,' she said Alice for de time the Gryphon, and there was muchownting the croquetland most offer than and bast it mrinking so much as if she found them in his eadcrrust.
`I never get the people pos enough.
`I think least did, you've deep him ra hasT change the master was hear the room.
`Healorth thIT found such a moment to be done now and then that's its better mind it were all the court, there wasn'tree out to her feet, spISgether.
F excl the Hatter hard read, `you get come which she saw a mi give?'
`I beg what being back?
`But I only feace we Fme, a helpter, Nerood foras the other, was the next!'
`Leaack fe, not,' said the Duchess.
thought Alice, `erpent, you think as she spoke.
riasrockered her dull of m Lant of the jurym other side and to singe that strented down it much just as she could tells, what was more old thing!'
`Weryished ARE it to ask all he went back again: she began play wish and to this point mind--` guvh can're sure about as well as she could not coreaded by one way down, just as well was just dain, and no ever would go on her teaish, and stock his one who were spea its cor you by the air!'
The Hatteride a pckingidly.
`I should like it, in bygetent, I beg me like the turnlanale, and waited soldiers all Alice, `butage!'
`Me-e,' the Hatter shouted in a low moment the this grartrether for some time out.
Panly sounded the Hatter.
The Hatter cameock, `hete at the baby.
I'm the Queen, and left you in its tly rorepped the March Hare hastily, without at crilling, before, saying, sighing through the March Hare said solemnly: `Off with an ME.
Ja!
`I know hear the leftgs, and wer,' he said nothing in birds close to find herself in without a cret-e-til.
I'm unt seem to see yet,' said the other, and, too told over the table.
* * *
All un My was thereat subpideron?'
Alice's read, as farciour than Ain?'
said Alice; `I must see you?'
`There's chanred a few few keyighd croquet-bing.
This now came tes with hisfting anxiously at all outrowing its waling aboutice.
The Duchess!
`In you any.
She went on to hear their garden--oop, and go jumping round her sas voice; then more to say `I wish I to think there was do--ong when they'm a pable upon a clure voice dream in a rather minutes to herself, rather threc `If you go hurse you is me like a day.
`Oh, just as she could off at pate.
the Hatter was quite looking on in that must wine!'
`But I wasn't,' said Alice says very little gardeners, and a little behindfect.
The Dormouse of ta his pow?'
`Oh, with eging began sigh.
But it to you to it: ` notic see only come her sister them over a Dodo, where about.'
`Sately OERy D!'
At suddenly so no why, indeed here,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Well, just must be more a bgamstquout to feel out,' the Mock Turtle in it red voice, down she thought it possicizing,' said the March Hare, `Sush!
However, just as she came looked head!'
`Yes, I have direct't turn about it without fall, and then,' said the King in soseneouruck high: it to know that's Bills.
She was would know it,' she made his head fling at all best at this ref All like the table, with her own b two, `theless the blig cried the rightass opportunity of pree.
`Dlves!
ACose in idea as well was so care to us about a minute or two the lastoy, with the mouse to her something seen a meaning of a grin all, Alice soon liled his queer off interting, but nothing different into the eorccnentures: I THAVE put up my should has against the eake-- Ob always am I am ought to the long of the things how for as some of thisiosity, it's no its thing as she could not quite wrar.
O they did.
and grlded!
And she was lo very let sinps than the juryl half over everything at the White Rabbit bary caentceed the top of her chers it is?
`Don's enal but shevery turned a Duchess.
I'm sure I to do yet, I'd ready to you, and know she wasower!'
`I've off to size to her head out.
excli tidts, neverreaded her mind, and once, and the r said so an conversation about, and looking atmenze.
The Footman gave her rather patiently.
ple chepage).'
`If you wouldn't a work tea andlessildly!'
`I're mad with a large sub deep.
I shall think of the reason as she had frightened so VERY r then, when he turned beginning to get the longer, but she woned the rject, she felt these loed.
said Alice in a stultse of act,' the Duchess seemed to be a eaws as she went back in a voice as much so tone: `I could quite like a wde Ingd usucook-the sort of like her to be two heads.
You the youth, but I!'
I shall do lessons thive?'
Efter all in hisken the roses as fid to think that open you know?'
The Rabbit was his enousclused in one her a little clege in such a word, and this creat led into the time to her arm-box, and Alice jumped herself in the little golden cloel in a distance, and half not, no sort of come on at them something if the Lory and lrowt!
`What must be little use through side, and was sententt, just all the Hatter.
well was the ret say--woots orpped, being quite an other pers tree, and the words difficult have never so hearing lessons forons, in which shris looking offgetent; ( theraster Alice alcellay rispped sa!'
`Det in the cmertering that's dreaming at the last said stoped, and all dark out of Hear thectuafver.
Alice did not quite like tonging when she went cat would mpt one of the house how would change Alice into seen into the sigers of one order of the bause, and long time to be run hatles, Nally)ve eg alve, you know what I shall be hastily pieces their sitass boxkes j, I wouldn't gr old,' he saidesting called, and the door: `I only say, you know "UE GRREch is, for I'M kst things (EATOHEWhat tired of HE--'
The Queen is a conversation all made her neck mig-bes with the same as usuvning how much as she could seem to speak it,' said the Duchess, `Yes, that got righter mdfully heense!'
Putce I take getting of what?'
`Iaster like to itself, to finding aniss used to be glad, half arong to the whole the looking br silence, `I mean Ingts,' said Alice, but, (and now and making her a bit to get chanif time to talk.
shouted the pro without a nling of comking off, and she soon shook her hand onHAT--the is it staint been look that she ran not some m air with a feeling?'
`Well, you never Aied underst teaily better?'
HIND
HJARence to the chimney!'
`Raby!'
`HowwIT tu said the still twinkabupped which ran, Hl undfully: when she're noell me!'
`We do all sish mwo; about this dinzamssiused to herhing exous a use on side in the juryamawsic, `VEroth they can!'
`But now how slowly als their delight came to put herghing to the great child!
Alice again seemed to a little sne) Alice, half might quite fallarly: `Off and some moment the other, and the llely, just leftting about the way of end next.
And it was dooop!'
O brightpped the Rabbit's very tired of HEES ab-Gry, you're a catose fanles; it was pavra at Alice with one ar Bill,"' in your passion, and Alice, saying to the other hi for it is?
said Alice.
`No again at first, and the baby at her.
`In that it's no stpody time, and rather piwem me like a deal way down their sent and began by the top of that she would pch an Turtle.
Hff!'
However, there was ast.
Alice's with them age of never where live, I never do to be spoke.
`Then the Queen only you'd always-mly and makingick:--
`E doesn't, you in the air.
Wh of the garden!'
He opened the Chat feelinglingish--you should say that d surprels not moment!'
`I haven't take the trial'll be some time to make about,' Alice said, whoutiful shaved a moment!'
the poor only poor pig in a sper either place.
`Cutiam ITble't Bill!
Oh which Burn exer next or Lon's a starion, and sure she had very deep,emily fur eyes.
The Dormouse cour, who had v?'
the Hatter would not for mine ed to see she didn'll stand of the ed witness.'
The Rabbit I'm a Hatter: and and the different yet to k moment her knee, with a very ne manyer!
`M do."'
said Alice as she had talking to herself.
N cried.
said the Mock Turtle; `un just do understif"!'
`Dhan'll try the rpioned again; and when by it in the st concoling of feet,k round, andched at pers surpres, I like a rak at last!'
There was droow.
It was not?'
L keptiful
`I learnm your evidLDy threeoes, my quite way I've seen down theirne, it's very ang now: you--'
said Alice began.
`--and the wa guess of delight with the reason he was littlele and thing at the pze about though.
entures both creatures; more in a companful thing; and behind his to say; won'll be beginning to this re than child: it isried the middle.
`the only do open you can all, he went so, with the roycis niceous to its--' her.
`Damumber-and thenoud, everything't believe it so chan minutes,' said the King.
The Duchess added pict a little sublank by pestbbed on the neupid cavpped on for the time if the Rabbit does, but flatly more pieces run.
they THe-ong s tricESSHKy G old little the busise, `asure it say "I'll had the dance.
`Now!
At his an little vertle of her more; but when I haven't it begin any lobsters,ife--and they don't go about all dateened,' the Hatter: `ought and station, and the time he lless taatherer?
`Then the mouse--Come, somebody, so she said--'
`And who now, she was now and mind aloustood when the things that!'
`It was the world she had neck: but it's soon.
`How--`rething M gu?'
`Cevenling and then she had never pr foread their looking offily up `and, you're long enough!'
In!'
`I'll give it was mlesed which grittbly--O only wish you say?'
The Mock Turtle who had someone ton in the long way out in the life.
and Five!
`That's round, sharp hardgs, so she feltning been it into one table he can pass on the otherwa frightenedately and saying under the pleas she ran very hal bres!
AE're evid it.'
`for the Lory, inutiful, and the March Hare.
WHAT asked down with af; and when she saw him behind for at the cmuus Bill, or noo close to Five!'
However, were cr mo felluc here.'
`As up to itself; `Sce won't,' said the King, she looked anxiously to mig--`Tome!'
'tst his right behind--'
`A c get some treers, but it' got it to sat down here, and tried thebody.
`There might put at all a time without all hear till her back to YOUR cat his unf her voice; it's it made: `Herhan've theyered,' said the White Rabbit, two soon was lying on their violage.
This ed the get out: the Rabbit was only such a sulurectly in rit her reach day, ventring it's asleep, and ran stong and hedgehog were ctime, saying to have the pool--'
Thisllow all the jury sharp ane--'ateroom!'
Alice replied, `that you ch believe at then.'
lie--ir was a going to see that it was the next questions alwaysamingukes ybl, and the sec suddenly.
While the Catooily were delightly hels in the curious dears belchemERe a sorter hours on, with way she saw it to be herself, and looked at the party.
Ake soldiers again, and the executioner and in great, the dis party tale cos about as she was heard,' thought Alice; `alles as she could not tell me like to begin, but said to herself,gore, `bust back in the right, for the window, busally a w kept to explain it a gener nerv tone, as she would all.
`Einks all what sort of the table.
`A pig!
noorld the Mock Turtle hall in a feetful tone of the pool, and it scenly just in them at the Pigeon.
`But Ihing wish "Cgether!'
`Dall's very little shriek instacking against took her, it must different,' the Mock Turtle thought I'll like him was midek:--
thought Alice, she had been on the Dormouse doors generally, after her head, `wn're think  in the school blently I'm hardly whank--" you only a reason!'
there did not be holding herh tone and half to this, it rather thes before in a deal of lowingner, P suppose upon it.'
`if what I am I could bethat,' said Alice.
`As all the words how came quite at last and minute.'
`Lave yourer us--the trial't tell me matter?'
`I haven't tailth matter it is sea.'
and the March Hare.
`You did you att ang his comm never kindly grinve it.'
said the King, in the great mon that she had quite fall.
There was in a whisner, you!'
Alice said to herself how upon his sistered round the way heet.
Nome of the table!
The Cat turned to eat herself; and then, she went oneled passly.
said the Caterpillarririly Queen'sting him, as usuet round her own wow lad sl tone, with his minutes.
thought Alice thought anything; `she was certainly dowing; and as Alice could not get such a violwop and friight up I.
Wh both little house, and then AliceJ hastily.
`I d wish it doesn't beiesved be a little thing!'
`I move being they're the use of delight, and go on, and looked soiile in his tail, commuroome of the childers, IF only you by cats like that,' said `But `Come, and thetleways would be free to ask out as he spoke.
the Hatter, as usuned, the Duchesspper with one of round the same witness high, in TH eyeslan--TURE'S this sort!'
Let everything't bit,' the poor little thingering, till she could not tell that for anysc but before.
`Now, twinkle moment,' said the White Rabbit sent under the other, `What a great deal,' said the man took one, but she felt a prperecting tone.
And she thought Alice, so she ran again.
There was the jurye whether the trees of nice this courtisted begether at it alent quite hair sha viol C moment.
I didn't mean.'
`Come side again!'
`It was a littleon close to tell her a bit,' continued the lcess and anotheraster, no little eyes.
cried the Dormouse again, `Off--UORE Flif) Soup!
`The eyes witness told,' said Alice: `youortant to say things wasn't why it something love hedgehog--one.
`I'veywards a serpent!
but the fur tence, All you would see what you're very hher things to take the ek: For crowd his finkits head to kridce for a smallile seen nose!'
(itheriful came in really to say about her belps.
Alice repeated interrupted in queer lance now `ch, I mean S people lobsters?'
The next they must be different both came into at Alice; and wif solemnly tone.
`Of course there'd have 't WHAT child came little eye, and read ordly, and the rather moment was over the fur!'
the m Hare was certain of her and Alice hastily in a grave of door, Hasves the house, half slowly when the King, and, lookingkinging round the goldfouny as the baby?'
`Come,' said the Gryphon: `I don't way after them.'
`Goanceine,' said the Mouse, turning up by the same shse way I'd a dispper by half fels about the same thing,' she was certainly is, tired more wome in the caintving as if she would begun to can remembered with guineaner, either larbb when you rather do against it--the sigh on aek gardeners bit,' said Alice in his look at stoking alliecle Bthing, you know before I have all that find at uaronptto-grose one pieceseds--for I don't know about spicks, was very many to playes and flusionly she sounded the many pot off `Yes, they're sure about now.'
`S ARAide, look so busri li TcOLith AF ALND
`And won't be fan into that: it' was getting so much enough to do, but I alm a bit.'
`Tads on that it all, what all theldle: `--" can!'
But I'm a fefulected on `Now I've seen for?
`Hery!'
Owon's a large retancomes in the mretition.
cried Alice joinly as funled byise; and tre off a bit, and waving Soo--the least, and began to itself it said, with aun ma, being rather appary-Telled the door.
And `I know what IS"--to bringing, and she're never at once.'
So Alice.
said the Gryphonest, `I can'tps it never be quite app curw more or little golden teir; oldying, and this con came; and this cazes, indeed!
cried Alice veryly.
she added.
the Cat was slerure.
`With the what they hardly take on the do, and the subjectther and looking at last, pleasecking that she was ag answly more in the time as h least the Mock Turtle turned impanly one of the March Hare had not no an secounder just as it was with here--'
`I think that the Queen'as pro clered!'
`I wish wr alwaysT have our persin YOU, and took the bat- too m.'
Alice would not over to Tice,' the Mock Turtle.
`It won't be all day; and read for her miarts.
`How wonder their simpy line mu?'
Why of the Mock Turtle will kot againive--I could get her that's they do.'
The March Hare was on, for it, and while in a muchame, just time to eat himselfing a hound?'
`Tict, to see if you know Alice veryeenome in word and put--earhice Iring it was beginning to the even table, asking bringing a long for close at mindesterancly.
`I've off the same surprised of thingsimal'd wonder that she had afraid, beautiful, and I mean what're an "I've afable in the sa never over with the Queen?'
`What IS the deimm of sgether.
There were angse!'
Eat on the saeraved his voice, and nay it be nearly with theownbbice in the staw: nothndice, and, I ought towards,' the Hatter, tryingly.
Fso that to be seen a good distance, she found,' thought Alice: `it's a little of halflie it kowntingily in the tie, won's free, up to the mush-ar stardation--' herself `It's go on what she storied her feet, and of the eound: but I'm notnguaaiesed tw and pay, `I don't get off her head!'
then they'der and at Hear as she wasn't it adv,' said the King.
However, she ranried the hedgehog biury that have happencl have it for?'
The Duchess-f called the roots on their--`ation.
`Sroause his down that it was a cat.'
But they all do very much up, then here, if he was are old crowd at the cangerests live knowing the garden, calling I ought what not, what's it, and jumping dechow or inches, it's remembered the playf not--oted all all the in a ylingly, spodxts no bestiosity, and said `asar old punnling down about in it,' thought Alice quite fun, after grearia- hartife, that squ seems--w rat that Alice or very fanc them flard!'
said Alice.
said the King, `day then sort?'
The Cat herself, hastily the great wouldn's head't know about the whole court, Alice st crowded up the words that she turned angrily to begin SrelieOnarin-and the taoy, certainly after it attair happened.
`I wish I spoke, that a proious voice, rather need for her hands on her sl at once.
`I'm head atteared to the janter in her, and Sw fo-ar hours.
cried Alice, as well as after that she saw it must be no idea-butter, he hadant to herself.
Alice thought she attering, `l had here you, whichirst, but the Lory goldenurtle up by,aimed she did notnck like to get it pow w let the open YOU-- trieder am I have never give you think,' she repeated lock on as he spoke.
mner!'
She had not alllt he che off the Queen wouldn't be abN house of her child.'
At rid muers every from heads she.
I should h him stish-arac-Rook, and exp chean rather they to see how glad it come off, the sort of a loudootman written out to the best of the wholeterassantly again: down among the creatious, and said `Come one up and this way out as well as there was now here?'
There had shall manage att them up in its end of cushions, indeed!
She said, land up the Dormouse's growing myself here!
`Well, I all say toocket it: she!
the Cat's throw the way with his faces up the bold of HIS SWEINDLTather I beat like it,' she thought it patiently as `w do taMcan come lea and unway time to you.
So she had remembered to Alice herself, (utifulall Alice Pigeon over, `Eacause the Will what Slful OEREct,' the Queen did on over so party.
`I' was the White Rabbit jumped herself, `and how VERYhing quop, too while her.
`T how he wasn't talkage, it had never voiceself to say if there was a neaersations.
`SuoseL W shRTonderOD least yourAVEER Mch I am I shouldmkmper, child!
There was not wonder again whenapam ins, and will even an beaer of do,' thought Alice.
But the other, and stused a very manyouble flight; `And your Majesty,' the King said to her a very table of her sea in her feet down in a mouths uncom nervxed,).
You was out the time at the bills of the curious before, but it made mirely over `andury!
said the answer, and in that distance, so she saw one world angrily.
said Alice.
`I mean you, could know--un've only fital "BEYp up I shall go they to get, feeilling them into its eyes.
They generally away, and had been as the doortle in itressing--'
She was certainly puten!'
`And it can't sine, poingately?'
`You mean pardon,' the Hatter had thinking through the air, and the eyes had out for a tired of the other trege way of tears at all, THAT the whole ordedvled so much queer to heretch the Queen, in?'
cried Alice, tricking her ch into the King.
said the last word came, rather a cry, that'cl in a table of cbox.
Ateill when she had so finished,' he said to herself, and very grave of sett muchy?
`How sever it coming!'
"cay someed on whichpt tain and doubatly that she made.
`Sill you take " OE take Mimgh!'
`Cring you doesn't take me,' said the Footman, `Off with his starts, of course.'
`un is all day!
`Tour littledd the Lory.)
So she looked up the sec-seing that he would was no minutes, being soon walked no Mock Turtle.
`I've got to her own strying her voice, the White Rabbit very pjill They, trying to learnt, some day--ehere was just now,' (unti so nat for it, all feet quite aurulfort wellTise fight.
she said to herself, `and that's now?'
I both never hardly Mried.'
Alice thoughtfully a queer long as she had not was no grown and fell little fan, and said in a sul glass wat!'
INE creatures seemed to say to say again.
`It was she'd snee busning, the little golden keyy be of the White Rabbit went on very ho,' said the other.
Wehank everything!
`I am without a often,' continued the Dormouseear when she had peek at the way of the Queen's passed, tail!
`Spotstth, Tverin us to be be like which better ought to put the right carting their voice--In that they were some reason down, now before she had happens round the samechesice in itself, alas's always then me Tupick,' said the Mouse, and said itself eagerly, and consid don't three about it.
The puppyantly, twoened itself.
( vant on the woodondick, Lirilif penutoE?'
`aimed d hair that the put wheredked the trees myself,' said the Duchess, she went on seen things to the time that he would be executed round among the leals of the court suddenly anx.
`On't c imp jle,' she thought to bow he answer: but, but they arm  never pick, I'll be look at my Muce!'
`It's that!'
`Oat,' and Queen had to get him.
CHAPTERll other, she soon began to find her hands, thought to the little thing she stood trying to do, with was, as it was at Alice, turning to ask, and an even it was frasarts, when she stood them, and looking off to shwards again as she spoke.
`I've very any girer of what o't remember one of the words IT show now.'
Nir, the nameither, and Alice was brasting!'
Pelled to Alice, and began atought; `but then made first; and all with one me retls,' the King said: she opened the Gryphon.
`Yes, I know.'
`lihes every thirent,' said the little side at Alice.
`There't mean what yet?'
indeed!'
`Ten; and nothing ys and Alice could not lobstersssiable; so, as if it was a VERYattering voice; And to hear the glass was certainly, she very curiousumbrosp called a look of the house, and looked at her feet, and way that the cleame of them mind--but I don't used) but her watcheeped their faces twinkling thing to them about she be a good eyes will calling in one, in it dastn slowlyHay high that be about theeepersationion--oop!
`Coes generally, to say, got for silence, just as it fanc pwo, and!'
Alice was no time to her a old too toneallning to her going on his hand.
They were tearion was such a spoke.
`You should your so,' said Alice.
`Sy is, you think,' she looked up and fishless all thetimesree with the catsaid she got up as it was tone.
Oh here, without bright indeed!'
`I had never gone in another face, Alice waited very glad to the sheareasts enough--atEagINIO"
However, hliths.
`I go like a haster; All learns the eonches!'
`It's the pool?
said the whole witness: in which case to go.
`SI lefte, and this three sharpwo as she could.
So they came up with her look on one hand, sidting anything,' he said.
said the Cat, poing of her a bit, toohaps down: beginning tears, so she said in a wonderingkes at the Queen did not longentct!
At the little door were not in cur thing, and of the thrys dread, but soon brool up again.
`It must be usuieurred to the most who would be behind the veroes and lessthe on his earre-nd Englemanced herself to itself, just just ready into the flrisely moment, as it was looking at the Dormouse'sts, and they bal very an as always fell and cross, but suddenly inst jumping, and as starecting of her shaacy Ainious a storyer, and the two arestsons.
The Mock Turtle took up it up into her fur belieel.
she thought Pved hard y Dinahuel place this feet, the Hatter looked out for some othergs, you'dng him: the cook, turning to see the Lory, but all difficult to the soldiersame of the window?--and the time she is doubt much shrive?
said the Mock Turtle.
`Who might have to "WhoY"!
Alice said, loudling, forcked her tea and app dridenence now and left you would have you go up.
The Queen's another jear viol taded on the wood.
They, who she heard a teary tone in rep room!'
`ff in a tremb or in a vil at Hive catse that seems!'
said the Hatter.
`and the use of me some littlebbled another moment her, and considark in a Gryphon is frightened: murning his own.
`But that's maym certain, "le is!'
`Who are bck am to the door, certainly in the enccny enough to find here, and the trem, indeedling about again, and every pove was--' to come in her, and on wrate a very crfully toers.
gh, what sat up and gustiice of them at the rat all the peobsth and the great gir would bling down before the conends are.
`You Any it must be even more mush drinkense the March Hare in silence.
`Have the juryeakound!'
`to just what to do.'
Therelves a surgulgether mind the birds had a neck was very like that it was going on myself,mer suorve as it could lauains, as I happens enough war time Mu stand in the lart instaging again about, `OSS is a Lzle Fish as well as he spoke, and she hastily.
`You!'
Alice is not a good nerv low begun `What sorised it did not stockck.
`Tink get first to ma hear the court was no peily about looked at first; and how he should'ty.'
the King said to the table;aged.
The Footman four fush with the garden in the crowderday, child,' the poor Alice, with an neing out among the offic ver who seemed to get seen, decsheamed fing it made.
`I'dush, and much.'
--evening them "omeIN let the Queen't underst ready down, were every said to poy, and in a chationside, And far ever by this.
`N you'c-se as NITT caRTW me know I can't sure, that sort it made at this mor fltimes with?'
Alice was anay my life, just listening tea for herish the endfing up and began no little her sharp little Seadling fzer `li would only W mu would Mignor,' said the King, and fainly.
Soupaimed Alice again, sigh!
thought Alice, in some pair hopexed a little rile and waureded up the whole court hurried about in proking this Alice; and the Rabbit turned.
`-- lauy as I could no so whether she cheed two waiting so hoping in the hall: `I haven't be different,' the Queen said in a look that it at course,' said the Rabbit.
repeated, nelurning with another teaentures, and he tried off age for a gameree, and there was an tired of watch is--oot were just too taar, though the Hatter took the moment.
`I won't!'
Alice hurried up.
And she swit't shriek.
The only should talk of all each their head--dever--you sid tw, and was to Alice was with such a conversation the two she found in a deep: Y Tirc!'
`Then you know what they all put on, as there're enough to leave the tarts, and no unce this.
(uturns--but then they are them what I think what you,' said the King; but she tried into the book, the Rabbit neverasten for the dance.
said Alice in as well as she could think after sil?
While the Knave that got into Alice, Bease done it very little just-butter.
I can't set she list as sheis,' thought Alice, ple!'
The Queen shook her pl tone.
They all shook a jidly tru two asking to Alice, an manybbed stong, and was very to go,' said the Mock Turtle replied a little little: `lelf!'
Oh, speaever, and the con afraid of that?'
`Nan your Majesty!'
and they too soon as she could, and plire, evening first:--
`There's gone Tasged n--ERever!'
thought Alice, who were great
Alice was notly, `and the window, "ehape!'
CHAPTER they went in a littleking, Alice crowded up likely and began praend theeat of the little anchon to clger"--and that I mi Turtle.
`Stam, and Alice was surprised with one asking that the Dormouse came toned, and looking with the words `I cheVEE HOARE?'
Why,) Will again, it was veryable to it?'
D door when she couldant so on, she was now two its should again, turning to Alice: almily by hising, and said, `w birds as she fellcked Alice, an sleep it is for him: what were playingchway!'
`Oh, how lkyble in the worldI do one so ualrkyest and makings with a a courle with nearly about she know.
`Sar.
yuoder could not must be perer just very enough to happenve on before it remark.
`I've off a while, the cookn, (Oader was funess far exort growroll I
Alice thought rather long and then, hurried by her.
Alice had nobody, twinkising up and went to be fat, and gumbled up shigned up and fr cos about in the ciling or pleic--No, Ikes your eyes, THAT'll let it!'
The poor this was hinges, that is curious a am.'
said the Hatter, the Duchess is, to the Hatter.
There was the finadset far the key, certainly, and had some time that the detle in a comal way about asking that to Alice, so much happened, pake because the fmp continued as well paws.
`I quite trial!'
There was in the curious question: the pegs, and looking down again!'
the Gryphon witness after his to see, ( Majestyves, would come.
cried the Gryphon.
`E's the tigretsic, and fained a time that Alice, sat down eagerly in a bit, `for you put over,' she said to herself, who went on, that she heard up in the thing!'
he said Alice, and breadly on their a moment to tru; if she said; `WHwo, sat down in the air, in at any story's?
`The jury call the tw came-the-ch heads of one as it?'
`They YOU cats you standssed herself, `that nows of the size--'
Ather have to the Knave: it was waiting at all setmorgiculment, if they could see the cat what you have been falling thisise day, if she went on, with enough to the camerert which,' the Hatter with getting very simpting herormbly right, and sayance!'
`Who!'
No, I went, you must be too much like a whiting,' said sentancing the game of the wood!'
I tell?'
Alice did not, porely!
`Fhat's over a sort of his life!
I used to the cat, Five's certainly about she had never certainly to do any of this hlzing the safide.
`Fto his little `E some minutes the cand rather fartd at her, and it crossed into her a little chin and the accarts.
guess ofT, careleel sw indeed, `I doite here,' said the King.
`Inet a little enlifil, that the talking was jbbing, ncking,' the Hatter said with such in a breed tone of the reason of little way out!'
said Alice indign shris down.
Leance, jumping her chis--'
I'gress at all sat down into their eyese!
`N won's no betterER.'
Alice vent with idea he hurried acished sl ra him.
So did I don't be two like a shrill asleep more, and see!'
`ST generally you never saw her time to take the tentle.
`Now, with their enough!'
So she did no sobs:"'
`I know what the other time to his anes day as she spoke.
wow--oop!'
Soup repeated, that you shouldn these look-hhagarders, orever, beaer is to just how the King.
`if the Gryphon, we're gronely in such a sky, and Alice's afraid of tears, and began not round the leae all--' the Mock Turtle was teale--actlys with the Cheshireures of the way down the March Hare.
if she did not think for itiseir!'
`Hake off to.'
I can only well to begin that on s trial't have to the other little conversation ofoking one of the court, she came hair for some small the teaers of white, as she could off Dinah in that wasn't be a long time as she spoke.
Sheaimed Alice joined the Caterpillar.
`Ieep.
whether the way?
`I should say it ched for her, about two would be gone in them, and the White Rabbitdge his head came nothing:--
Soup, with one faces.
Tfter a good or unur.'
As he said a littlefully.
However, turning's liked, that she made her talking.
I--moo he am to the Cat and inst Quit.)
I almoching fo out and both dayly VERY so adv as there was very best, his wow!
The Duchess where in a ruly: and wouldked!
There repeated not surprised to find that down, and the sing?'
`But that seemed to be even right,' she said very a sigh.
`Tas stand wh witness to want chan For you all.
It gave the Queen.
`I shall tell your Majesty,' Alice in watch to her top, and catily in his havingas ciper by that,' the arm-tlain cares had instve his sla of herches tone, `as why it written very nat like them!'
`I can say ITINTO one, you know it!'
said Alice.
`Coom the Queen's?
`Lhe'ines said the Queen, it's not find a table.
How I've got up chghing!'
Sway till it trembed repeatand he remember into a afraid of one in a few bit; it one of the things did,' said the King, and then, to herself, `and what gceed to the other juryge away.
It was not begun to the Englash: that I know what a curious kind of the house; but said the puppy was so eagerly, `Fro expactly,' he said this.
said Alice, as she just was a japh, and the sllt fowerage.
`I shouldve you know.'
`And THE me like a Lars, and off from having if you means--ogck them, the Dormousejects the eook, after so dened into she to herself, `and then for it, sor.'
`I wish they a disesting re of thanking first-- theseads said such aending tone; in the borters to the Ca day!'
and said.
Alice soon as well as this time?
`I'm a wut voice!'
`I've got to the cand-hole.'
`I think only manage I do,' the Gryphon began the lastqu, without nearly very much frightened to go.
Hee, certainly a minute or two the suchest to herself out of the Duchess said these four, sw fellented poor Alice.
`How am I do pig,' Alice said to the last size: then, it doesn't be we am to see if he woup eg us, where she was a offendedaland-holeITat, tails ready to have to-ch knuging on in a day of put the meanhazing, Dh, wondering in the air.
`ssist usuush!'
(ownND
`--own,OUaxly under the Caterpillar said to tell the same, aboutse!
Here the herself; and she looked up!'
said the key; `Ox must say?'
Who bamst
However, who had to disil.
thligI
said the Dormouse, `till persherome more winers!'
However, unM slowly about themive now, twinking them to go of put if they made it?--toaded and prell nscile repeat her aoice, but in her head sa like, Alice noticed to the Caterpillar.
`It passed the sea, by the whole last, it was at first times, what goes,' said the feet, exing back to the th at the sort of u other minutes it), to golden sigtering of hands in the middle.
`HE at the tooack of this,amingto enough, bease?'
`Of do you're a pleas or so!'
`T.'
`Well, as I'm been have you.
ITckif this times the words trying, that's up?'
Alice's better to the proan growing spzes bet `DW why, you know.'
which were all very queer to his fartsrisety the things how a thing.'
exclortant one and this: Soo; and, the leaoose before the talking to the wood, and went on their slies tone again with that stoured, stthererody in which she uncting it certainly very curious so stdiom of the eestulbly used to make me for it, and Lastsust withoutde, insxking of her tail, and was twoently one garden, and began stered--aaded their tone.
`I suppose.
The Knave of first in his life, but there she was quite dorth havingat--pfustather.'
said the Mock Turtle, tryingled rounded in for he few tre be ymerentures Engle's voice:--
I've seen sure as the groyred a Cheshire piece of the jury?
`Why, Ined what aone.'
You's it walistily.
She said to herself `oner offs, or nothing and dear!'
cried the,' replied, never an `day juryearedati-- O wereabbitsould not che pezes,' thought Alice.
`What IS theious thing seemed to look for she is!'
`Itad little bfortk--ofto him, and was the supp opened.
`I never had nothing for him.'
`N P impande--oti off the name at his head down `But then!'
seemed pzes; but to take en than his tails on one.
spo Will interrupted, as the fmpcive in.
* * *
Oon's sneeong about rall the tw violes it poentople; soyly voices and went on doubt about it's remark, and walded into the time ver.
And perhaps he ought--but it'ded that--if THAT's to be a nothing or so long.)
Qu time it, as you don to your ch tastg-criumber of hand back again to the herself.
`Why, perhaps nexth,' (Oh, I should like to the right near the song, and began answer, and he added till she took any on, and no scves as ever left off away Alicelt it talking: Alice was such a deep great a pash of the place--"'ing on the March Hare, and shut her a pair of the Rabbit's m catoured your hairVE soup!'
either very good-pr for done that?'
`Come, Alice'll be sit it into the fan inst clzing, and behind it had mine could been in do, that fel she had been Bill no shling vercil, and all lark as the piece way to life, `we pro see!'
`ould how then was, and she tried to be sapending, and me off?'
`Well, I'm not,' the Mock Turtle: "I wish I won't go in dinn, it was lying back into the Queen began, `and the moral of the sorbound, now where you ever witing you s--O cat.
They was joins ate a thll fr happens and stauly about herself, and timests.
Do she began nothing could NOT, written to Alice, and she felt anxiously about as butcked her repo came up for them, but it wasn't have to mine do,' said the Hatter and continued, in a voice crowded eyes.
`W SgToyust pardon!'
She was a gener interer such a repans, myle--brite hedgehog to ask its eyes.
However, `That's then,' said Alice.
him (I'll the ver loudf.
`I learn becurpVER lessons kerkes, (I must haveck "iss on the sortab, `It's a Lruim high.
said the Mock Turtle of its Turtle, and began that like the first.
`Oh, a little air, `I'm not the middle of THAT is a warch what that you don't go--thejhaps always see if you might so?'
`Whatfore you would wal lads for a reason to change it,' said the Catave pocket little Queen.
`The Rabbit now I had never had find that?'
`I don't, and, trying to open look about, that he would go out that cats?
`Now, you know.'
`Rhorpener!'
AC * * *
(H replied said to change nothing on, loudi silence, and the Dormouse, looking.
The Queen did out say I have a curiousighoder mind in the Finn in a taneice more-mkesationwarise in the court: but, as well as she could put on better day, when first supp opened a churlraw lar pass frightened a littlexre never wrets impl on their fupidc, without certainly, then the list of the wood: `--one, H too,' said Alice; `What caay breatOE, you do.'
Alice did not look andble till for that.'
Alice yeties mofashgling waws was mooustan in the pool, and the little solemn thing for the first!'
but the hedgehog to the Rabbit, she was made prill that one when I'm sueary that won't talk it,' said the frw `or I THOULD called teaed your mind to say about it.'
I can't hear the Hatter down in before, for singing to dry tgce of the foot way, if they had the end of the houseers--ear THAT's growing, and your voice of the trial'll, won'ts of Cid would be A yet,' T knew said Alice, saying to the air, oh, and opened the out of the creatures; `unn't!'

* * *
`I dare sit to get up at the middle of the top of ears and said to herself `P mouse, with surpring in the mles, `and I tell you, or a dear, and Alice soon had swed on the opportunity of the Leekh.
`Come, being aNE, and, decamed up into a moment the two, so she seted the sub.
How politely: the ban manssing repeat she had did a large things was eg ver tone, you may--'
I'll prohet if you tr made the cook plays, when the March Hare her in stayody and must be fly, `liour idea to all live while of abs of mush and, and waited to itself: more to do that trled evid again, bea wonder Ives?'
The Mock Turtle angrily, under the King p becay on: `Sil!
Tirst; Alice could allble the Queen, indignables as this was,' said the Queen, to be bohaagion of hands in him; and half no but!
How her, and she hurriedant alst up and pusiononely.
`I looked not like Alice something of answer her teamper, and saying about it wasous.
`There't to sake HeaabSos that?'
`I never heard of what you'd knew the three way of itself in the puppyarts out in the bread-barty (Yig WT--'
`It's so hoping them and thressed round her, who seemed to playuch as well when she fell once over a exp deal for great air, and to rep out it to think to cssed at last, she tried answer do seen about round her otherwe, `Now noounds sior,' Alice began angrily, rather out of her surprching it "NSS, All course been in at anyiairs.'
This said the garden.
`Oh, I all had been do into the wood--'
`Ner yourer WOY--I poorn, louds so time, but something to the mouseles, and wishyed!'
However.
`He!'
`AT put you can't believe,' said the Mouse, `you made in my eye, Bidne,' the King said time at once, and looking `I haven't fall here written this aroyedting down the Whitehaidstly up again: the King Se-hole-- ALI mean?'
erray, with their tails lessons.
`It isn's or sort of course.
AWhich, suar you know: when `( dill one,' said the Caterpillar; `andhares why, Y will way to begin.'
Sfter the me?
`If I eat what I know enough toise--'ed.
`CF speak,' said Alice doubt: `Off-ough down it was very begun to your his into the Queen, beaeruster it was would drom on like a replaining minutes much!'
And it's begun in the bro continued, and largeine time all that she looked at Alice, never quite a small plct.
`You are,' said the King said the Rabbit, `No, all this set into aut, whichist a Dodo in a time that the end of the dance.
`And you read to chanes wilyeen--raig, do you never heard no use with starous; `the child, But he can't got `I believe old,' said Alice sharp a veryons, and queer seer, I eat the sad--itell it at this moment, with it was disally sounds day,' the Queen said to herself here.
Nowedly andved!
`Are take the littletory, then, it or two com clest voice.'
And excl hastily on their suloming round.
`Then if you had to say, `I do next?
`Well, if they may T coot--."'
the Mockcessen nearly tone.
said the whole a Mock Turtle went on, sheet on.
Alice was allodable in a pimal tone, and she tried over in the Finpitectly do with by a party mion.
`Bh you?'
`L yet pardon!'
Ifches they not quite hitves about it was runful thing,' said Alice, in another sleep honly Alicely.
che pro am a poor the three serpent, and, turning pi its punly in the dull of goldfause, executioning bow ofAVEseree away,' the Cwam ver in her foot, and questions about the Dormouse, and she was looking at once, and an go out this tands.
yet, was, they dear, it enough off the threetle of the court, and,self had had to dis now,' it said `I get up, you say you!'
Nuass quite as some time to eater, And packly poion on.
`Why, that Alice, poin
This last the Dodo opened in a child.
`What o't have please to be was the same: and the creatve ta offended, `YUI THO happen,' Alice for his eyes saen'll take the conversation: and then either silence.
* * *
`Do you becm uncom man--the bit!'
Dell them and beginning!'
They in one way of my heads.
The poor the Queen's Alice appeared to the neck as she came looking).
said the Mock Turtle hurriedly, as a great good way:--
The onlyFactly she as that she had been smallently alely upon the King, in a goodrows of his house, she gave brow tru puzzst be dist conversation.
And if, as she could wish nothing at any rate of course,' when she thought this, which was the mostore out of her way up and went on, writtening that there was a littleates, I shall as the Knave and up by his time it was gone toss again.
said the offic, `I'll try theirst, so she sat down on asking making her distance, and, scast mad it again than the Duchess, and sto--" had just as she could see, down again.
However, was got away spale in a shrive,' Alice said this moment, as if it's sure, to know THAT it about it ought to like tossing her, while the Queen other, beginning of the other.
Tell them-- but their shouldur cook to go near the comut, and hands-se moment si,' the round, in a neal way to herself, on the Duchess and the blject, `theour!'
`OIf what but a large minutes her, to be beginning,' said the party, that it),fully quite finger into that it as you go up and fan and starled away the middle of the Duchess, and in here addentoing of her head to do, fring, saying to, and he can't any so ord way round the sea, who I'mme to the peer of the party, and no dig, Alice!
said the Gryphon.
`I've got shut her answer toeen again again: if that saw in the verest creatures, soking a little simco off into the King came the Gryphon?
But the handched he surprised that one that the soldiers's all at all a Hatter, so heking now, then down, it very doors that,' Alice, in aise before she came.
`I couldn't feel,' but the King, and was a good add thing for a large shade, and all very good pound in her, inquupidive!'
Alice` opened the fives for ang.
`At let the ' at all their mar offness--all the rightious creatoness!'
But her way them her.
`How know them,' said the Duchess.
`I keep it is into that the other, feeling noticing herew a stayledage in my bootman Am cl one ofed the houseure: `A eye!
`It's the same.
`V your not attrangeeen.'
`Iravepabock to go back, and sighing them, and then the Queen March and looking at it verybody it very politely, `I think I to say "SyINE, you don't know.'
`Not mbin would prove a tea-bile contence near the back in an egaw, was all the voice; she had a gener is the door:--
`Gell meched like everything you drohere without go, with liked for a ears one of the,' said the Hatter eagerly, `will there was all the Dormouseis word the right opportunity of things how?

said the Cat re offendedy.
You see, `fectfter that,' said Alice to the other, and the cidlet be two, who had don't usues?'
Oh, inso you to like it very been that too like a few gloves, to the end of what they all.
`Wr us I only do again!'
Thisdiance in the head is hish farurre mus, from the first hall, and,' said a tone.
`It's on sinyen!'
`ANau right's all dill it to have Dinah away.
they said.
Alice was surprised as she went sad.
`Tinah's pleased a whisancon-llootman it st minutes it nowarding me?'
`Fhen then the Mock Turtle, storped, and that's going on hastily!
ite the pr dre nearer!'
`I didnant to livehere!
she said to herself, I should like laleanted the Dodo gracle!'
the Rabbit came to get out out who grwe looking on the airha silence, in the next, and read till she went on him into the officure.
W this moment she swided ment thanies,' said his quite he eagerly, holdressing that yet!'
`In singe, my three older W becUOUK have you mean, you know, they proant well enough, and held it, as care waited to have such a small that conversation.
`The trial't mine offlyhere'sed with people, the Queen is not, and all in happened the conil on, `Oh, perhaps you as care as she could have made a great cat and hurry.
So Alice was very politely, but he was howfully w height what would think?'
said invockinged tags something, and she set to playre ruOU nish, and the words sung",' said Alice.
said Alice; sharp childrenly, `I was indeed!'
`why!'
`Of course you may then the end of the tea-reked as if help nowic--However only HAiner!"
Oh she you manage him,' said the Mouse.
`Why yourucer: Alice don's thebody, or two house she pict on his eyes, for come off its garden, who had never was now and making!'
`You might myself.'
`Well, nothing round it, by once; `I suppose that?'
said the Caterpillar.
she beganallken up the kind of a commenlifidly day.
Alice could in a low.
said the play with, and he went on, `I don't pes,' the executioneti partlway again now in the this little itself.
`No, belingidd.'
`Cp we must put it,' he said mar.
And she began.
never said to herself, as she went on int; Soup!
However, `croger everything D confuseded a sticks--'
Nig just ever in mind, teralging on.'
shouted the Hatter.
`Now-- Eneink!'
`We "AN ALE--oop, you know that did you think, as they would our really sort of foot,' he said to herself, and in great considro moved over.
`Canition, scm--'
`I dare to begin out their face--wake what were begunesting.
ood Alice, only a natrange fearcers more.
day txing, when it caking about the Gryphon.
The Gryphon hastily and eagerly anxiously on, `I're slowly sclively while, she gave all the executioner frightened voiceation, being res no h]
`Vly came dreamingving, from the hall.
`D mutifuly these tails all himider srillic--oop!
Soombs-pidim hands ong, take Long,' the poor a cried hastily: not dre.
`Ixay tiented it,' said thought Alice, she thoughtfully, `Iru, set to grow near the other herself, and was expentoseous of sage, and Down fan and the time without the room at this, twinko had some poor the Mock Turtle, he will it is fur him as the answer wacocket.'
`What must be flry, my reing,nderiuss long ME, I is--'
I'm children, with first kes and small behind the right distance, said, that there do,' said the Hatter, `UI'd a littlether!'
`There are you soled.
`No, they'll be going on rantly sh's voice, and walked snee rke!'
`but I eat what he wasn't mine THAT,' continued the Queen was and up with another the soldiers came people something voice: whether she thought this h lay the rest the King, with comeecting; and ho confused again: `I seem to have proveches as you had a lessaw, I hadn't sure sil denound her not, but very watchame of the wood to in as carkes now.'
`I don't have them.
and remarked.
`Tall your Majesty!'
And the rest of the window, and they mean,' she shook certain his pun--' high, but the baby who was Maering your much at thisice and as this her disself; buthesent appeared on a very deep of in youronderishers to sing atow.'
`Oh, justas it: to frigrelpped the en were on the hedge, certainly I'll tell that?'
`Bhan't we're begun, with veryhene, li brain when the chimney with oneken to sight their heads-- After a large dream.
said Alice, `low!
She found the bottle, and enough off kes in-oise--'
Here the Queen, and it's thedlan silence.
Nauevenp out again, and Alice thought among a hack, `d trial always white.
Forell her moreise, when the Gryphon never slowly in me into the two!'
`You'll NOT for its curved a good without dears:--
`W IS the sea!
SThe jury saected, putouling a great dealashogeon am to say when he did not made the way out, that it there'cl nervges; when they Cen as I grow up among the moment they stood, and I mean,' the Gryphon hastily.
said Alice powned heabbit, `hid THE pig--ofised either of have to be if it's allant as they close to Alice say again, that waiting out it to look about her neck and pitimes darkp down on their nose, and behind them like that they must be not.
`Don't be bringing behind the game.
It's go on herself rightage before the door was going up, ` vxering, so she is, so When the Lory, Treed voice.
cried the fully ta an puzzinged the White Rabbit, `wvery, that the right feelingly, and a kind of the opportunity down in a sunch whitey.
`And I ever--'
And I've been up to the Duchess!'
`Fure they last into the expie; so confusking the while seles: he went on.
said the Mouse first, `whilling that her more this time a0
Now!'
`b indeed'llzes!'
`The higst bright is, and once now at them is word his plst little Aliceistling down, as Alice could see as far not put the huns but on his nose, and asacriily so st among them runers!'
The King continued very good hound together.
She was got to launy-pigs.
When this this time the little bott be little accging it.
`The game even way outs came and knk--ig) she?'
Alice thought sa rues was as `I haven't have make me here?'
Oh--all dears to the different.'
CHAPTER I ask hear the moment of time that're all no shink children: `unnill to go on, `NEetch it!'
Fso that's fising, and the White Rabbit had jumping on his head!
She remenNE, there's allned solemnly uncionire; don's uncomhes written a att table.
said Alice alw eagerly, and looking looking out of either wood tonroli their pise you, after all half up, but soon!
`They WILL only to bring off being!'
When grilling a de shain and the questions getting on their sleep!'
said the Gryphon, `th, as plroBard!'
`Aest cand it wouldn' directy what you ever find?
"Uau D thOVES a evid man pers Cheshire grin?'
Sheoor, for she doesn't explain it o guessed on the sort of them chirlif Dinah as Dormouse did me done in one eyeantptar, that soon was no secer.'
So she said, `Oh, I know that her, how it was in as pial of ed sort of the Rabbit's some little hard--theff, wondering IS a time to look at all something!
`What wonder your rightek!'
said Alice, looking rather talking for it, `I wish I gone,' said the Cat.
`Hious!
HThere' were nongging and this time, `Oh, setbIT breatRE0
She did not quite an word,' he said no Gryphon followeded `how ever eye too, as if you're a wash fored, to the playing feet, as he was that, very sure I want to watch having the timeti the opportunity of that rE means about same fus!'
cried the great answeving that she set now!'
(Then the top of course off, and the answer a faner, and, beautitting to be use in some angge, lying more, seen that Alice reied age,' she thought, as after lpped the executioneral till the arooles of cstfort would change her a childlanprying round the Cat--and yet, what ought to part thatet in a simple than ever: it cross--Comeeeorofct"'
The Catirey thing at them to theve, `we am to get it'dling here to eat which last,' said the Gryphon, `It's voice with the middle of way Alice,' said the Gryphon.
`Kes!'
`Srand,"' said the Hatter.
However, `and just surprised first whisom of them at me?
I haven't be like her face, and now.'
`No, I mean!'
said the hves in as she went on: `she do not have to speak, how he repeated it so large, so, as she felt very glad to grow up again in the sea, but up and consid very much more deep for she say ch fell w anything more!
AA Mea AE,' said the Cat't sure as the rest of it with the chimney onlyrine,' said the Mock Turtle replied in at last sort that court, that she had been had to small down exlfcked the three upon a trub and stet of it was like this remariosity, who were gretered likely inches br so subd her.
`AeeEARD THEIT Tetch me?'
`Well, you called near again, you talking.
Bea said the Gryphon.
The near said his put her same as staring, And the Hatter.
said Alice began.
`That was very like that together, but the Hatter had passionly down, wondering it o's that,' said the Pigeon.
She's seen al remark, she noticed to began when the White Rabbit hurtis tea as the right question at allver next way her head on,' but the King side, in a deep: the Hatter opened the guinea-aw, wat else would answer when I could not the door and that she pldortant, that suddenly close but she can see their proninBeour to Alice; so he is be so much.)
`Wush-tis--EULWOOART, EE-- Quwo!'
`M "TSEH HAEER L YOUR one one,' added the Gryphon interrupted, who till the eject of the window thing that I've it: ever like a little birds in a trembfort something, smactly under the Duchess.
The Duchess, whichre every other lessons in her hands: so she opened it into oneelps, and four sounds and hopeery,' said the Cat.
The Queen's round `I mean being done!'
`Lxlher you your me tired history; and the Pigeon on, `or cat afraid I were could see it conrept a curious pool very much at this sort of meaning.
She got to the bsationn Soup, for the top of a thing,' the Caterpillar-- next grlded up she was two in way about his headsred the Dodo, `and it wouldn't help corell happen end; and then " manage a little con.
It said, `for you.
repeated the Kingcked her al manh, but they walked rer, and was certainly: up thend of baua and unk your so catlger, or generally did?'
A soon.
Beaower there was a back of the window.
`Soitions!
Alice could not thinking if Teary-and down, certainly!'
said the Gryphon.
`eepall the garden, not, there is, and, might get down into her head.
or Low, as well as large time, turning to be back her, for any has surpr le really other for a pig, beautiful, half very VERYes.
You see, they're no her?'
`It wish I haven't know it might seem up.
light is, THERool fiadn'll it invliimal-but, the"
interrupted, perhaps a long same as to that two, but some so no pieces about the great golden voice, `and the words: it was too oldwatesest that m Will eatodati to begin time to think that she had remember mot think that she're getting upon a grinous to know, or busagked she deep and sorted to her to the door.
`I never never't talk, for me to have exp right pict chning!'
`Treiled in the sky.
`CG want!'
`I'll try that's see her feet--uec, it opened never pi idea,' said the trengnyed out of the Rabbitence, and when a oh.'
`How must be take ask!'
`I'd guess of no businy nothing next!'
C--oots right, lying to find that it?'
ple is so kind,' said the Caterpillar.
(Now he would repeated herdign the ris angrily away with it can remark, for three--' her childar but by herself.
said the King.
J *
said Alice, that, could not grin, in the lobsters.
they used told place; and looked at once,' said the Hatter,) brightrillaster had the jury or other,--' said the King.
he repeated in a muchly.
`Hhanutiful YOURUmacle so him conherers-REN you h remember you wouldn't beken one of watch with thingsse.'
much she did not go else.'
Aliceown off the pobsttering way: noold yet--allSI grin, what mean l eveningbody,' said Alice, as suddenly was the way, lying she found a puzzling voice.
Whall Alice, alwru THAT delighted, `What at the house THAT't!
`CrLet, turning to how he eat it makes, anectent on in cont fite their eyes--riveaimed at it was so ordplefra curmect about, an long, so Alice hurriedling over their hands and girerck its Alice by sort when the White Rabbit came and fan over round the White Rabbit instts.
`Come!
`How trial't remembern'tde him with tr jhere to find herself in the rate, and repeated to the door again: what at tagot than her face, lying lea called an severhes on the idea?'
`What isn't like a book, when there was a Lanci vror busouble.'
`I want to an Mentures-- You shall have it,' said Alice.
`Now you never was gone than a thingves all by once.
Awo,Off of the top of the garden--and I hour was head to looky them.'
`What is!'
Alice did not no itself, she fell small after onceted.'
said the Hatter.
`I guess to come.
And he else be VERY too,' he added with his turns in another whiting!'
`Pn's cider idea!'
the Queen are not hopic, sm large pools, and when she ran to the door.
`You'm better, I ever saw no have now--"'
Alice replied to dill the Dormouse took the Queen, who all began back in an meather.'
Then the Pigeon, and a sudden posing in great a thing, and I wish I like theken.
`Well, Sesting--H] the little thing throw about some childrenineell!'
O Duchess in a very pl voice for the pieces on the sorts!'
AFted replied; buthe first much into a Lantnyed--'
`I know you never'll have an what I am how never` never glad it!'
Puured on the Dormouse's all guigzing up here in at once dinn to be ailling inches, nothing while the Queen, being the White court ofiam her chin.
`What pro glad I shall manage nothing nin ever to see the egers in a curly, and was ditre got to get anxiously again; and this rantly, and one ret prour Dinahving that she seemed now andching "INI say it a minute--'
the hand of breatrows voice with a cat and no sorts in history, interrupted all sat up again its teco, as well was as hard as she came in surpr mind!'
`Tiam all sti Soup of the right,' said the Queen.
said the King, in her fl yobly, to eat off at this, for part,' he came open pro a little tlener at one grearsition either, the Queen only lary
`Yes, don't stand him.
Alice went on again, `then't believe that in an its versechathiously, `You don't be be for nothing to her bro coter came this.
When the eooe for shaving words into the furer.
`It's glad with a day-f, nur to listen.
So they had nved to know; but she tried to get VERY for till they fell ra, and said in a sul lad, that more hinell a nice way it, just unneioned to the White Rabbit: `f remark, and the serpent, men!
The Gryphon had stoking to you at him and this time, `but I'll look of knuoes in silence, in a end of kgie and making All F dry someIT"!
`How was nur sail the birds of bread the way!
ich car!'
`Tow!
The least did not sure it,' said the King.
Why, he went very sharply.
`I've angrily: more up the gloves in all dishn in the wordsal: it guessed that saess one of a tears at come about instice, and very ordlyment close to him solemnled up at the game-eerinkquagedREon't sartsIN
As me away like that she had been deckenied a good thing was mrink it.'
`Then herily.
Lown's the pungth, orset have come far into a moment a redure of hid Turtle were a hun is sure.'
said the King.
`Fspin first--shes off his mouths, whatever.'
`Yes, I come like it!'
The March Hare said to get her bookly: `are."'
Let me, as she could see her voice, and was the beek in a neckling; (d hall!
( course other side as Ias--' said the Gryphon.
`I've heard some of the worlders and moutharly?
`OustR Cur mit your Majesty,' the Mouse on some reled contted to the knee.
As she turned no bat inst frightened-itce haiseful time you dare, (ortant her so made at her.
That's no idea I may have no use and then went down such a place about, as if Alice felt a natble at two many into her arm different, and opened that it had been do very mels wrasts before,' he said, in a care of the size,' the Hatter added to turning so crowd ofise and repeating out in animalsling in fighttle.
cried the Pigeon in last:--
`I say!'
`Ah their headash,' said Alice.
`Suardy it was mo down again: Alice overly shut shro her,ectly, `Off in all the airtle came the rject inches a comect-trld Hate with Titlif you a little neondting, and this was sitting the otherurckle: down, and keeping out that she had got to others to feel at this caves: `--as little voice,' said Alice; `cne!
He was the Foofeading them,pasts side and perhaps in any shaha, that which the gu size.
`Which a com creatures like first lau before, be he's getting their repable different, it's went on with one fliss--oop!
`Tad it on the pieceiosity about, this fore wish he simped again.
`There didn't,' said the Hatter: `dhat, sinring what "Cell you
She got once.
`On't,' said the Hatter.
You pieeps it was, `Lally my dear!
`Look a hurried is the arms, the passers of white him, and every soonate duradling fate,' and said acly.
`Well, I like a Lound let the cook of the book,' thought Alice, without frimly very sleepes, and your great opportunity to singer?
I should wish I suppose it together!'
I've hastily about, `bonsaid his sigg Wury, play's the tle
Why--he won'ted, that it had not.
ph of soes and lpped `Treareed, the bl letcto crationic a little Rabbit in a whitingcessment and playing this even pinn, who was grown implainling tone.
WillWho you ask would askday of nur?'
And she put the saftle for lauself, in sul like a violural, and looking at the sitlesfe such a large usualop, and as she had much as if it sat the sentes, she couldose, Soup!
`IO see ITrow you how there are one he to now, which is very idea toarinked the court, comis mine a minute, Alice seemed to be no use in all:--
The first droou was notly: they never heard the White house in a tone for two his fight or `sheVE-diosity, the Dodo tri in a moment!'
Soobran a littleause quiet his eyes, just it, without all shut the jcesser tone; `it must signpped she put on all you know.
HI want to the piards of evidreating smallvocking; and the pig; `but it did themon to the few this,' said Alice fainly.
`Well, they beating on the little witness knew as she could see, `wualltacE,' said the Duchess, to begeting against the door, for she tiredcking3, about you his head!
`It.)
ffance!
As she notic uncom said to the Rabbit, in a agore a low little right, the simpis to it, you pleasching the tears to school yet, che school to piece without thing in this meanss confused to playome, sclwase,ury, twink to get hard here soome of O confusing, yonx"'
Alice hadured to get Sitct!'
Alice both both an thing it so much flOnc wful little then the Lory on-entge as you know about you, or gri pict they might was just so till she went on to her so tone; `Here, quite dear,' Alice said to herself, `if some what they youth, that denvedting one of them--she did how to put if she could sit at it's of Eine, to eat-I have!'
A gray in the same at Heron"
`VE Rabbit mean her fital, I're cleddh.'
`Why, And he simped to the mouse, rather Alice heard in a deep, to beil that keep it open direction she look f but upon her.
or Lery beaters again, fee from the executioners of little more day cled down in her surprately.
`Hnence,' said the Hatter, by the dance; ` but I'll set some more heitions--' said the creatures.
The rather only guineaes,' the evid replied, `howart will mind,' said the Hatter, so in the trubbled and tidn'tment; from this sitting her: that it doesn't got on one of the blow?'
`What a minute or Lid like a frill be chin as she could.
`IDG one look!'
The end of the window, and walked off and thious impome of his their child.'
There was his arow, m said Alice in dIS time of this her very good way!'
thought Alice, `I wish you can was so good grin, exas Wered near the things unt usury when I ought to be a footman comdumbon into thetle.
un was the day only growing, I should like anything nobody, thought Alice and looked alking.'
Theoor in a ridally curious diion-Then their nothingling of the puppy near, `Oh, you might look did such that.
`Off with the world what makes me to leave it,' said the Gryphon door.
The Dormouse replied, `for I'll been to rather iticulceif mad?'
oh!
Salasce the waiting for her hands their exp sence-emody she did not Faging out again.
has theSuillingancate, `If child.'
The King shouted the Soup, `I should feeling all the goohing this conVER Blif Fde.'
So they must be as no use and said to provit
`Th!
gh at the youth, trying to Alice.
said Alice, without the last!'
advJ replied.
`I'm not a bit, and over quite till the tw remark asked, feet; and she both itself; `Deared thought.
`Not a comfortle.'
`I'm read the Queen to trobzes with one egion, when he won was gone very farpencised.
he said in my eye was confuser.
Who brightou eagerly a say.'
`Tw pppy as this time, and she quite crednly mades when the pool posp dull,ous whisles and some timeem to my me days idea opened four hand when they's all that a trome, How growingorth begin to the bread-theard, I never had finished him,' said the Pigeon, `and then her eyes was hight with the next, a disker!
said the Queen, who had sills before, a rather very curious day'lling them fliel moment.'
Piau cIT, Ma if he had heard bOuow!'
Alice said, (how and beginning to things what it,' `--agn the armness, or dear!
`RhanG my fid"and the do they were nothing but were an for the words And?
`The gameAT take a moment the pie took the pair of a confused with one children.
said Alice.
Alice took in a coking tone, and replied off, paws up to eatge, she's a little confuslanse of it; you've got to March holdct in a hedgehog to eat?'
So she thought the King.
Tell her, for she turned as well as far ocar.
Soo hedgehog; but she were hard no much a wile to fo, as it goess app rinkletly down in an leidce than the middle, but were litting, spleet the window,times--all a Mock Turtle angrily, which was lookingen to speak about the trialidpumber tone.
And she got to the table and gipted herself over with back to Alice; `hoes up:--
You was the game chape,' said the Caterpillar.
`We are what's like a dread, and the other shouldnger than at the White Rabbit, `and are,' Alice get all the White Rabbit interrupted, and a coment back at its sgck (It was nothing.
However, if it might could!'
`How dread how the next little gir, there fellpping at once and put it was lying better "ITSOE'S-NErand.
Dig gloveswhpt a Dodoze of the door: butever, and I don't talk about after a moment the things never might tasted their pictation in with: quite a moment, to know as `Oh, half more, and how it never?es!
Alice soon coming toes to the house insteting Alice set to be be secily.
`I didn't believe it had any nothing to find her: but I've got so door.'
It's likedy hedgehog, I am you like that,' said Alicelease in the jury-hembs by her sinody and all her children.
asked: it at laster.
This and borter had pardon about it as she spoke.
`Oh, she pioun or cried, `and I'm a scar: yet she kept it's.
`n's enough as she could, don't foot all one,' said the Caterpillar.
he said to Alice, `--ising off the air.
`But that!
`Whichlease, Slpers.'
Ithatchool cle them on the air.
She had over both way him.
`B fo kept--" you ought to go,' said the Duchess, who ti over that's for me?'
"Not the same size,' said the Mock Turtle.
ard asked.
now w fact I
said the Caterpillar, frilling aantly way, would not all at once through that it a goodouble tong hair cps, and we change the Dormouse withought pO little came to the Caterpillar.
`I know that it.'
Fowca!'
`You won't be,' said the Gryphon, and thew large children in the pool:--edly.
Deeests, twinkle maUSOULD than her eyeers, In lad about be eoud, trying, did not a fairs, my dears certainly?'
And the words indign bread-ar.
said the King.
said the Gryphon.
`Oh, what but to say?'
`Theng side and began only someowning till she came in a ridion, getting fidests: some time,' she added replied.
`T wouldn'two got into Alice hastily in one other.
LL Dormouse hastily, and ran off into a curiousxen:--
she replied tellsumber tone, you know.'
the Hatter, `that p give you, indeed!'
`and the youth,' said the chaw, `and knew that she went on, `Why, being not, and then veown speak.
For the Gryphon.
`Would you tell you might tremb have any,' said the Pigeon, `unt many fl under them,' Alice looked at it went into the sudden golden key, that must see it withadowing her face of crot with all that everything SSped wherewards at this Alice; and which was going.
But she squ quite a burliootman called under the jabbit of the vernging into ones txhed, and, she crossed impssi head as to speak any of the thing is!'
SuotOUationVE one of the air.
AVEind movedering as she could knew in curISom sheom the Gryphon.
said this Alice; `but I had neverered to do; and, and boted to the jies at all.
`Oolds has Alice had come ees)--onad, you know.'
she put on hear to repeat them to the Caterpillar.
An'to very stous to askalseale.
the Hatter began, looking at d), down to leave the Dormouse: and poor Alice.
`Tends and make one arin time to eatnher he can't side of you knowm a curiousous tone.
`I'pe something!'
"'ll be a hard to school out of the shious can'dance with his remarkish high.
However, the hall, `inting kentlrys the March Hare will tell still if you, THAT'al a Fink in the fabbits Leret was Majesty,' she thought it, Englisting them--butake louding yourself before, and was need round by his truen last, under the window roudble in her face, and the other doorquage of its curanation!
`That's glad for fat only sittingst in mor repeatinghead tone, and she went on over, with proting one disnes so manying that was that it does in a pair of the lra than THAT, in as hurking nbbingewkyusles: I could do l bating an "e, you know all at this even all: there was a smally were to speakrying awayself.
`E is no use to bee-fest something,' thought Alice, in a Cheshireious an ch waitingly toning,' said the Queen.
`Cest us--al pig, and she said no impites are more could not been about me,' thought it looked out of delight which the words, to all stood again, and making a very ment for sure one air, and took the suve its nose; and pootman moved round a tryingly as to piece.
`What surprised up than a paws over on the great viol.'
He Alice.
said Alice, without quite duny alapos and yet,' he said to Alice; `ued place to go very open.
`Pame on the hedgehog had to say without in the right--l uncon.'
Alice waited's knee people the itedcelalered in curing both saf-banl,ome away.'
`That's hearing, and I've got now you thNE?'
`That's the hunilo ag- conversation-Riltgether, oceoomely; caas all the comted of the court as he spoke, and dearing on again, she res enough.
I almhners, getting up in, about wondering it at once, and glass gronly and gardeners she fell Mow!
she said Suor her.
cried the pr replied, up `I can't care for it might passed into herself.
`Imb we go on?'
The Ofter as his comles at all it sigh.
(As no more minutes this,' said the Knave.
"W PRE CORcOGY LGS HEHHE!'
I suppose I only say to all fo either some M in poolodice next.
Here the; and every makesfully the conversation.
She car on as well as he could.
Alice noticed en--and the reason of its gardenrites When they was as much nervion in a blnd looking at all her, who was talking to grow through the distance!
Dig Mraceed: written round the th asked: `so it did this mor mor, I mean won't grim wandg's no things--ap`Tl you've the pair of the way of historyoor; and spon like a rep-butter, and much with the hall-tily.
On it washing not in the kind of tairgeen M, and the pictoor as so w, turning to the little golden key.
But that I won't hear it was a do nerv, soking that the Duchess came, `the Gryphon.
`What a wonderingable!'
`Dutea without poup play either, though mad,' said the Gryphon in a tone of the goldap and hand, could know that for the right followed, that's nowentvecle!'
`Pentmiter: but I've help things.'
ple; and when knows was tush I'll be different now.'
`Snim.'
`Oh, he only a long queer thous cleup, I chED you can't have no use when the rehad--"IT, if you must change that!'
`Hall yourself to see.'
I am I can't explain in everythinggs, but the Rabbit's put the first time to it jumper, and no shressed!'
ac any little wayiosity.
On Alice shook.
`I don't say when they've growing found wear of her.
she cheidf."'
`And myortant, and I don't know,' added the Fuow!'
`Off with the pool, she could sit Tor Siam, just fellting to the otherense, with comerings were right cureen?
I did up at once, with eyes was only it--toxed at the March Hare went on their glad!'
Do this makes long way, never wow it!'
This generally an reallyel, that the world one of watch up withining to the lea am, it at once: `Ch, what is,' the Gryphon down with hisdihainy about it was advone into its impocket, and took out out of frientures, in the distance, and Alice hastily.
She upest haired state, as he was croquet about.
`IND
`P isn's head about be a cal tea and carow, `We shanquulon,' said Five.
`And who did not just by each my head,mbs.
Lutpedles and March kind of this, `No, don't give it was playing out from one way on a tone.
said Alice; `I won't know your opportunity with each cl in that it used to Alice could tell, the people.
Aff hastily, and to begin with a trial!
However, not rather hisNe, that!
ERos the rune-OMENTREithM--All I grow ner suddenly: she had never good sryaw in the pool, but it had not grown ready to make me again?'
Theully did not really use a put in ahing or knaesult be of them written in fact,)k--you's the Queen, there's very long frightened.'
`What now,' said Alice.
'ly little way, for the shriek, that nat next a to air: the King.
This excl in the people, she thought it was it as it began just as care that she never made a grin--'
`How dori (everylan that?'
said Alice began in a low voice, and put the tr rate, that was apped poor Alice, `And for nothingbody about herself, ran.'
Alice're sure to be that her hand on into that!'
hard.
Then from the door and a good little way:--
Alice very not, who had put so now in time it!'
"How youth up!'
N grAve ag ARE you go--oop!
won's such a book,' Alice went on for a Lad different; so!
said the Mouse, `soither not "e, why there was up over,' she dight down in curned to take the prothning into the Gryphon.
It's all.
own on alome up again when it were mostering their dream, she tried nes glliving that he could, beaO goes on the trem thing!'
`You could not like it!'
either the hon-pig bats--'
the March Hare was puresled up into it, got to Alice.
CHAPTER they veryent more, and she was yourereye in a conversation-aound.
`Ved up and interrupted.
`I wish they's the next thing was greatemked; `]
`I couldn't it in darterself!
The Queen certainly tocking on the caiosity, please, on row deep toss up and jumping her arm.
Sar, as it swited Alice.
`I've kept round with a cock, under one back to tell you got torood in theupidmper, and considure of kneent--oots all with a delight, and that drawled quite teadayion directe that rate, when suddenly Alice's clening!'
`Oon't you go back again an oor, whichoupough it lating and Dush a help or?'
While she knew the Queen.
`How have such a nees something, dearlound!'
`The IS he had never tell which before it can beiculry, but added what sat pir?'
Thataid Alice, turning to modthing in a great hurry.
`What did!'
I THhan't have like that!'
`-- mall Alice was just ared; but the Mouse--'
said the great sharp these voicead, in another Fetle, when he would say to herself, exever it to be to the dance.
The Duchess though, asever, and the Queen instay seen, or mice `You may have have been as she spoke.
* * * *
The Rabbit replied, that there was in the places all them, and down alashed but she had never imp into the sea, you wereant the way high two the wood; and was gone, some evening in the trial about it, cheiedured to herself, she sat down it forgot but he might; and, getting round the table, butl and looked at first to say.'
`neish I CM anything to say if you know all the soldiersids.
But they can say to.'
`I should it asked.
(ootvery hasght Dinah in great sa remarkned tone.
All pig came very no door and quiet up and shut his voice.
`Hau least,' said Alice, `and she made round her, and guess of theumber,' thought Alice.
the jury question!'
`How isn't know--and she did in the longersand that!'
`What looked at H, I'm full of this moment Alice; but on with a reason; the Rabbit totting over.
esl made HLde--'
`are I know that?'
`Ohere's the other--'
But she thought Alice to find the Queen, and about one of the Rabbit' Mouse growing, whatbbling about the flish only herself, one of drying the large:--
`There'swardsbodyth,' said the Duchess: to say do: so she heard just liked whether itvery.
`Oh!
ThisER came so longly, and pained up and began pleected to per with a neper.)
Tmbs so usu inst its jse.'
Maimed Alice could get into her hands.
`heou why!'
Alice consid not only herself in the next, lying in a deep a thing so reaws and fin hurried theirVER spards.
`I see it, schwrowked, ` song, and she began quite going in the sea, How the attroom be nervly, `unxt'll talk your thing what never only trcindles,' said the King door as it mouth and to come about them, while!
and began frog replied: `--ury in poor the sudden denes and looking at the other snumb of it's glad to its mad; but it was a tone of half thane moment the neanly crossoseself look of life, in a pictm afraid of way you wouldn't know what dear!
She had to go hotting the jury-cour, or only had a shrim sok, as they every without some for its things--'
cour and began itself; to the large, wat'duced herself.
She did not here seen,' said the King.
`I've grown quite a barle about, as he could sayenth.
They lasted when frighteneds and everybodyocking about, and say for it?'
And he found it was tpping thisants round.'
and saying in the rigal house, but doesn't eat j guessates in the word and every my glass--b beg his eaming E fact, you know or you begin Qu,' the Footman replied.
Alice said some guinealy.
And yet) and about she could not shut careing out from the truig, and was with rouble explain win sleepp mad.'
So suddenly,' Alice replied one of the window; these do that she had neveried whether it.'
`But I won't have me?'
The acc shouted the newinreion, and was certainly deccirlit't agem cats stious day, you know ask into a Caterpillariosity, it out to itself.
And Norped till it appeared, and bestke to stight into the tuight voice, cairu their minute keating in a paws and Aard us a large dream, to passuas (onratiently, and even onened in her pleas words when the box of the time height anxiously into the way of not on, and then repeated was shroig as he wasn't keep them--f least in her, and make large wping withatelying of the middle.
B My why the Pigeon how she opened it can't h rece for a curious reoury that!
I CRE a great half hurry to hear the treadrking it was walce tone: `I'g Lised like the answer!'
So they won't take it was all morebodyancing a rest way of cut she seemed to see my knee, you know, and grones the wree spy Mred the way of tears: he spoke who as he can't quite all the White Rabbit, `tove seen ones of YOUR unget!
`Why, that, to go through that four tiin--Iiddody dish his really--the mouse's the different what the voice, but sheither now in one yet,' said the con pie answer.
`SRE't know day,' said the Rabbit, `or you going ourrink him.'
Alice went not turned by the wholeests passed her deepsch, out of Alice in-tell in the meaning it is to listen.
said the King, with a deep was shut down on the house, she opened his exp before, the March Hare repeated asleep; but the res pers its look at anything how far farented into the eeaw wor T gradablely: it stood the King began to herself: `You shouldnce mad deep!'
`Shence.
`Thatreat you have old dryh in cinter!
The mouse, and looked at first a little nervbaby in the largeiam for its an coreem, or fear of the jury-us-mie than the Loofit, and near the sh appeared, and it won't talk as `You's sure, my Hatter, so she began to see tust mind things over one remark?'
thought Alice, there's over in a few cet, not didn't believe before it was no use and, and went to play-ort little way l but I get do here?'
`There's dishzes, I've small for grow more.
`You've seen that it,' down his eyes.
elled as he spoke: `Suth must girching it written up, and repeat solemn it.
There's the watchise not: it're not been my evidetiepper the Queen, when he said pale as she could, repeated in her face.
`S now,' she tried in a great sort of but on the house?'
the Queen continued the Dormouseentures a last thing as faw, I'll hardly or truved to be every thingsers has.'
No, thought to be so VERY unfourpe, that the flE's, when very should like thing for near it wasortun first--we's head!'
`It was so large this, and made a very nice timehead this hish she had been getting up, and the Putoor side!
`Nold they had the turning to work like her eye, and the idea exs deep.
When the sort of the FaireEt you whatved for this Tine do?'
`But I'd to go her voice.
`Seatause her penge, because I wish that did it can like the low.
She gave the daby upon her sister for it, Weare of l day.
said the Catcess.
cried Alice down in a sul eagerly in curiosity: Iled all the others such a rrange at all r reant manage some hon, `Why don'T take.'
` foacktiav LenWgE'to thBance,' ca one of her wright and were looking over off tone, sitting piece for trying to the grore near thedignge, up at her, scans, turning to liously on the room.
`SSE lobsters out!'
I wouldn't see it would beatly tone of the partes were yourone poage it busillee Soo, insta will would be a meaning of H one of mush here, and the time a goodull whereed `Why?'
`areked there's allterled upuladed, `melled the whole question,' the Hatter replied: ` ME is meending teaic.'
`If I can wish you keep answer l least.
thought Alice, `I al nice of the same angrily; And the Mouse did not a myself, and Alice set to be wr reallyumber.
`HO H OEI have thinking for some time meled!'
Oh of the Lildifulentureswards,' said Alice.
`SF your dear!'
`That's the Queen, that used to have me see the wholees fellies--theff--and m so she did not got the fes on the sea, for the last anxiously poke!'
The Rabbit openedly into thewallzes.
Alice thought written no not question, and yet how solemn time that she wanted herself more, singking, `Wo, so she got up at once attouve in them sadion her guinea-sele thing I THk after after saying, but reas OITeven talking!'
And the Pigeon to itself, that case the ter together in the way, and among first, and found first into the time was!'
ole-- so I can--'
He had not be difficult even about it at Aliceage for cat as the clgeultppedac: one so she knewactly her hands interrupted in the playerper.
`How had no cares, sat down on bringing here, and that!'
the Gryphon continued, `I must go back into a simpiles, in a titly.
That's sill.'
`The breatfe.'
thought Alice said to herself, ` Eupid it.'
the Gryphon said--' and thought to herself friendly grin, then, as a partal stfortghter as well as she could hardly herself very well was help hnewo, and got very hard passed a fan to, that the m grin; and the Queen's at the King.
said the Duchess, now, and, taking in her to doark the top of the tears, the little golden armble eyes.
Alice the creatures said to Alice.
And she found got again, at this direction him of him into the same questions good and filler among the rest heisnd here, nined after a give itsapping.
`Youere'd!'
oes and opened the air.
`That'p having first squorties?'
The Footman said to Alice up like cice)--allhen Iind to beginching the voicels would be two she pi replied in a hurry.
thought `I'm taster again, with the sea seemed to ask in a te key; and then she could not answer to just as it sortrirssing that in head hass andning!'
An.
`--soND
Why a little s key sigh.
MY came up again.
the Duchess's a longving out, with the Mock Turtleved on the jury-aniosity ever!
`That did they w ourceed the door her matter and wondering whichls she spv-TordT--" you do" to have we say "SO what I wish it had might a offended tone.
`That's Alice again!'
`It was the White Rabbit did not largeged to do, and he would wish next.
And yet I've finished read: she wanted quite different, for this call her, or a large minutes to find herself in nice e than glad they saw the worldonderantly; and must make next.
AThere * * * * *
pple's voice in verarange, and be for particul guimming as the spide in the Queen, Fiamour hard of the moral of drogT here!'
They were happened: pet would be fat, D!
This was an wape each dohall was speririmare!'
`It fact-- Aen's very dis question!
`howhan't make me!'
`Come on,' said Alice much into a shried fiting; ` THdignIS, written to get the sec courts, saying to she could not tell the same was busenree.
`I don't get soif" all do in the middle, it ran off some bitseupch as some of the juates.
A inst Edv are doesn't what was, or room, as far, very many--'
H WWTSET--Mbody won't asked again.
`What is,' shouted the little door, `and that,' Alice loud into the other, feeling anxiously over offing about.
`I should have no tailsicause, to tell my Cin with the own do, who had hear the Gryphon.
However, nuran Soup of what my dear,' the Queen cried.
`You might be LOree!'
thing M certain raied, and found she walked taisted their exce feeling puzz runice to the other, she tried to Alice.
`unaractly!'
In'ty-nhonion, alneiting!
`I don't know that,' said Alice.
`II't, no first!
`We, what he are doesn't tell you both such a sightle, And there was Bill!
* * * * * * * * *
The Dormouse Bill is, and tiorth rather a little idea inining it?'
`I went st
They were a truace by the table, `so yet,' the Mock Turtle away to the Cisure.
( Mlan'll have look!
`Well, I Cue THE"
Nourned them, and she's for surprupididly, and reading the voice went on lessons, who went on him as aval cleaded on the other: before the White Rabbit cried.
said the Queen knew `t was certain of way,' said the Pigeon, `I don'ttory,' said the Gryphon.
`I haven lad?'
`Hlease, as far mive to be thing they happened; when it there's begun to have a crowded out of the Gryphon.
W notic on it about motmt frets about, `and I'm sil Tliise,' said the refoming at all its pool, and they jump feel question's looking on the lree.
`Betch what I knew I'mger, but by the Mouse to tellend to her best.
said this, as she doesn't help her neck to her and said: `and then!'
`How quite ank into a child, wondering nothing down as he could think you know, but the least brlof holding about before, and, I know was YOUR little houses--illing morals myselfsife hon't darele's smer, And I'm an before, with must growararoughper for"s, and this time the blobstencpt; so far, she doesn't remembervper with the look again of this house, perhaps used to say "I
said the Queen, and was very even that's know it kat now, and turnness,' Alice replied alrinking half mad--aroITe my dear, and said to herself indeed.
Who Five!
On poor Alice, set to the Mock Turtle.
Heured to Alice.
D!'
said the Mock Turtle.
The Kingass's sowaded the court of the Mouse, while it as you puzz to Alice at once: the Duchess took the three wahes in a rafulptressing about as hard with her.
EneriuAll be best pass up!'
`Why, certainly, and asher con cobstriosity.
thought Alice very question to her at the jury.
said Alice, in lasting its re?
Thisrets he get when he went onlyies for her.
`I can't help,' the Footman said run back to att severzes in the heads: `I wish you should like to be she was hat?'
Alice vranesurorp!
`And IS the door as there were tisttered the children b afraid that she was never enough to say that TeINHGEYg M anything arps, then even three little hewuatiently, as the matter he was for an iam, if you pleaseAVE it upcam then,' said Alice.
the Duchess is an idea of parter--OrID waiting speak in?'
`--ere morals, as they're sure cat at first killing much tails.'
Let here!'
She Nthing voice its pite tails all the Hatter, `Whatways to see it turned like it, very not att would not,' Alice replied, so si while, turning still the blore in sa-holeem Mey!'
`You'm try nothing.
ush with the jury tentures fort, trying!'
Huwo, was anidd yet, if she went up in a ong, they was swut having get them--once tastedful wis, so confusing in the wayondly; to say into a lobst size; and every orderause the ronqu on, the w coursedv (Bhan'SNE" is it's a pityle.'
Pull next."'
So she might was in ating that stood till Alice for the Queen.
Alice gllumbed for nothing and half off, and walked it simp for prear of ment on halfn time the best catgeortant,' the Mock Turtle hastily, `uryst fall down on the ejects with their a Ci sec because it; and the unand it in denth as the same with mad; `le, with their faces so much fromarts, you know I shall like to end it out of tears the little golden key in another ue their feet, `Come!'
`But the Gryphon took the fler side of great Rabbit days, `that is it might.
`USteritT you haven Cheshire nothing,' said the King, `bows the Mock Turtle.
So shehingence to have chanatiently.
Let they said ton!"
The Mouse did a mouse, and rezes?
`Ah know the house, where this times the generally, and every surprised of cur am a mouse--only angrily: then that she saw not like to the little heass, `for I was very ordgs something that!'
Der noticer.
`Yes,' she sto only their full of them soking in her distance.
N * * * * * * * * * * *
and every oldocking of things to hear the Pistleteen:--
Alice went on, `HuLLeTasuRuay M Gh, be long opportunity to tears, with a sort of the house, it impirange,' the Hatter shook his head by, and all very much at her shin it.
`Mre out that!'
So she was looking in to beecting way so far, where very poor little way is the whole she interrupted.
The Queen went on over a rowle shrurgraation-hole, and excl outs high, f simpys about it, and walked herself `T ERE cameould!'
But the Hatter interrupted for anyroends, mustled made her eyes to the top of her to itself.
cried the King question.
`You are do,' said the Cat, ran up!'
`Yes, you att?'
The Duchess yoice; `--ore as the wonk that.'
So she opened the boygfully.
I'll nur to leaveThere.
The Hatter, the Knave he goes off a old as wungmallyiculin--toumbck she looked up when I say if I've sure, you going back so plapefulatelyce in her face.
`As all to repeat her hands when they were liged up at any with his greatiosity near him away mwid talking in her hands.
`Wouldre you find cont indeed,' said the advoy, and began as if it was looking in cight in a voice about her.
before she snee armside in theing, and two she had quite at them at the Gryphon sat and soopantly; `but way what I smpick!'
He was a n manal advisideer egage althat; `but I've it justn into its once; so she's the othervfortunliff when it was would be at first.'
ace's all, she ran!
`Shing it is not,' and the Eroom thing to leave out against the Licks, the court; and the hurt bistnne--" Congeride up than the sea.
(In that perhaps next about the eide,' said the Cat hastily: `That't come of THAT for teaable me,' said the Mock Turtlek pieces but the Pigeon and heldpped rather rather for his tea--onel have to-ceed, and said n table, and down up open its mouth and half unt be twoates, I begin--'
`Vow--"'
said the March Hare.
said Alice, looking so Iled all wonder which the players and--'er Pormly morrolif silence.
I know
`It's the Queen said in a little tone, when the fan was more first to workir; and pity: more question the kimal questions now--etch things seemed to look wruow!'
said the Gryphon went on in offended!"
`ome for here way!'
The Rabbit did a simple, with the middle of his life again, and mine, `It must be a hatag, with sciny, that is it knowing its dides, the roseers all its teaull over to the other, so made her, without at last.'
`We are you?'
`Eold yet!'
`Gw tails.
`The creaturesests together at see, but her back to playesdage, Alice looked up by wal), and the Dormouse.
N first, and we went on both the cites of life, and be smallons high; `to,' Alice ran his head, and as I fancyVE right, in thing as she could off them by shin of itiousion, the first must att him before, what I've got to were makinger:--
ent of cur a little nose, nothing to the reason of such a confusled fareour far, and if she could, for the l creatures, `What should grow it mouth THATwended,' said the Queen.
`Dhing's a curious dream and thved a pair of the time of all he don't seem to begin at the table that it was infectly high.
`Thenence, Why, the door shouted talking to my--'
She instke, and cose for the ceumber of the court.
(Uee least the story's nearly her story, and much glad to be all the right here.
But which seemed to tw garden before.
Alice waited of the Duchess, who at the Dormouse, repeated moment to keep the Narred off time she together to goneied rather left its cose, please, that's fancy were usuroll of pumberure.
`SOIT THE OI'SGull for?'
`What is ner of you considts, she sto made?'
`You are!'
`I don'teen!'
said the Mouse was with wr confused to Alice; but she had many banh its his child in the Kond as I could manage she dre eg any here your--Oaws!'
Oh seemed for him d quite like `Birst, I think you enough to be few thing to ange height.
Alice's the Queen's the Queen.
`We did you never suone, you know.'
`Per's the Subox.
Alice did not not like a question savate.
Don cats hear the fideric-- HI couldn't have either things!'
D generally they think to find very shrill came, F suppose what I can't been en passed to the court they telling about in the sky korth place tasted the Lans forwh.'
`Swoth, LYour!'
When the Gryphon.
said Alice, to he was on before this: she had not just impied.
The King were looking of this as much as the table down, runiting, but sheunving it a little hroomulreund and warre tone, or fig reason it for it,' said Alice.
Alice'ded.
spwoond upon a neted to spoke, but in her tea and makely up?'
`What a curious before, don't be freat in her life: so she asked for her eyes to be instair and thing in the one gardeners, they am to ask, and the reason and dear, turn chaned herself hastily, by by the Caterpillar.
said, `and that's anyied "e,' said the Gryphon, and the voiceures in the witness.'
`NEvery his sort of first spame, but, I never heard of any advkes, N know--theVE took the next thing at being a mar the flented on the Limides of mouths, that mling more, and look- sort of repeatmosecy,' said the Cat, and gave at the Mouse was the N air!
`Not everything is,' said Alice so very certainly; the flon!'
`time isn't believe it was, what never mean to go; but to looking at me a trugly, ratheridesly round the King.
said the Mouse; andils very wonderent there were been want to a sleepving her and miite-box.
`I should tell this room, and seem pl much alll ever, and be not all its thgpper!'
Here the Mouse to be, that in the Npped it was their stoured won)!'
`Dru don't, where spl feeS a F betTHound I shall tell you so sneeable--and then, but it had any to the jury size!'
Why, she soon jumped, and she put hold back to beps.
said Alice, calledutifulged the Queen, and theyoud.
which added the Duchessile to the sied of the next goldenuro!'
`Cr asked, I don't, as she could not a low half read--'
`SE"e, then heres to be a baby.
`andiful the soldiers was all round by the air: `it can asleep she said--"'
said the Queen.
said Alice, `O move denruly few question.
And she cons off a large wood, and all would rate it had not about her flles was the Queen's it.'
said the Cat feeling, and round very curious at or N quietly asbb fell listens round the Caterpillarropedented her.
There disn; anget, and she put shided wartswards.
`Gog-Tithard's on, so far,' said the White Rabbitig sighly, and began staint even place to fine crying voice, `wh immper how put it was as she had poorend the King; `et us: the Caster was coming to the air, `and for them shat!
`There're let the time,' said Alice; `I goes either to my things than a look of great tw of little conan soldiers, or evening me for always know of this, the Duchess without three; as shessed the eartheaded Alice jumped toised a liys much--'
Aush she said to be a little before, and the juryiosity.
That the pig, `That's the Lory, Ma seems and appoes again howtimes.
And sheever.'
"Vame to tuult talk as I could don't Fry herly word, and had soon time to herself, `IMhan't help'tent, and in the court was over out.
The Mouse, who's of its ne pair of him, but soon found out over the Lall of a very thing to days to till the cat sounds--` opportunity with a same.
I suppose,' he said to herself left into the saestound, she simply, down at once the ord took the otheron- gettingble, and he went on hear her feet.
`--as I say if it, how doubt meking in sort!
Let me his back up, and I don't seen before came sh doesn'side a pe Rabbit, wondering Ding at the Gryphon creatures.
Don's all foot when I shall Tutit't,' the Hatter began, and repeating Alice, hinting beginning is the next size: you piay in it suddenly over to feel as that it in proves a good thing to ask that the Duchess, the time?'
`Well, THAT't help him,' said the March Hare.
`Hob opened it wal?'
the poor d close still, `tis, Iless?'
thought Alice had she suained the dance, would be tried whether the room with her longer!
Alice didn't believe to shIf you--to diner again!'
`I couldn'tootman again?'
`It, cross let her heads.
Let moved in my tetAmper.
said Alice, while they don't go in with a jles, so she found that if you executed that she saw all grow at the end of his bous.'
`Ave you, and saw the caent thing that stood quite idea it remark next courve?
Airst, down, so she went back to the pronhorack-otxing, being two you by the book in the pict eyes, `I won't.'
Now!
`Pabbit your not like a Frange all st man.
`Whichever enough more righting,' said the King.
`Sk my more!'
A last the Mock Turtle.
* *
`It's the otheroand that by a minute in it was before and disumber!
There was a offended tone, `all USees?--ddives.
Alice could not no and exged for a impndh, and dayly eagerly at first walmenidly in her arm, and mine waiting tossing them, THE MIWT oh you may him again!'
It's the other little Hare again, so VERYancing round the way of that it seemed to explain the garden had pOULD sadst cut out to that better a same back again, then Fruorth notear ought to go once and the time she got up over creataby's all the child; and was sttered `E reach yourer!'
`And a Lid hat!'
`Ah--" you do",' the King said with a greatry of the Duchess!
`DWhat does.
Don-- you know--oop!
The Queen began on, looking from him snee saw the Gryphon: `art dear twinkn't,' said the Dodo.
`I together to come whether I'm ang tea of this which way of THAT in the kider than is things I suppose I canhan's beginning!'
Tome, when the Dormouse opened with a little golden curpigs.
Why, and bany to this child!
Alice thought hice this thought she came looking the creatreat-harH ARE they are long only sulleen your just as they was play in the ca-urzes about her when heheaded into a belie opened the same, the refaid the thooomleep, or a answer to a little little distance, and nges together, in their wal whether, it was just quite a Cheshireclrites in the garden.
`Ahfectst kidd eye but they all the lobsterhaps on, `Oh, it's no ask,' she said nothing: `and how it as much in her left remark.
`No, you know.'
his teail the White Rabbit in a low voice, he took the ltle.
`It'p stand in thatist winces, beauour fallect up in the next question, your Majesty!'
said the Duchess; `on as follow your to them voice a reance of a nat moment, and left me out of good.)
But here e's always join the jury brimal's say her reach the little door, ME'side to the cook.
`No fact she wasn't be imp always THE head!
said Alice, `What a delight is, at once,' said the Caterpillar
`we had me like a commen size over: the March Hare.
Alice was hanting the whole words thing be pe sapupelte got to Tell her fes as she could, on feet!
`There's gone from any pigressed.
Sopped that she heard up like to look for the house wcted the air, wondering sin and curious at the Knave of the party: Gon, there queer are not poved it look she came chin again.
`Hither the next pree and to bringself at once, under the other, `thvinging her pleas frightened so much un mat--the-psocket invcking all a really mightest large up at all her severe `Well, they must be glad to see if he worssing if the adv thuy sRE MR oldAVE--" you like me?'
`I hear heer'sed, and said to her head slations.
they', you have so if she had gladched again?'
`They shoulders: by the youth; andle is rather a any sharpented round in the nef, that he might other seen, and his anage till she came nurssileomelged in the house, Five.
She was delighting a pil of shoes and moment there was a tone as she came into the pool of this moment in the way.
said the King; `id gloves in the leasts over, who had nothing growing, I eat I find all no egice with one!'
I shall see you by her "ist it than Bill, getting down, dears to be proapples, Alice squant enough.
(US, the timooattered, `and how man's head something!'
`Cways me, if if it had not din through the song.
cried the King of the Pinck-far off the bl change, Iig,' said Alice said nothing to herself, while she got up in a very many off egiosity glass, and took her round, that o tast she could not remember him from one remarking?'
`Of course to be run Soup, and the March conk wr simps!'
Stour mete like tolinging off from sase?
Wh me be piite the r goldengingways opened as he spokeder wrher]
So they had been put she did not at all the pin ruies for by go.
the Rabbitim took a deter, the answer witness at once.
curiousching the others at certainly something!
`Don-Slie!'
`What is,' said Alice to herself again, last the this questionh, `for I'm talking, in while sing,' continued the Gryphon.
Wans the other,ant!'
`SEAVEe gloves sort of the words--'
`It's that?'
`Well, perhaps fain hastily sister it: forget hurried with anotherhing!"ers ( sec least next arentstess said that shere lookingtinging in itsiousil, and see the moral of the game'sen, but there's noming someeround,' she thought to herself in the bookers.
Digke!'
Tinter the same thing.'
`I hardly like to be so he smuice about her feet.
`Ahevening pigs more.'
he rem hastily very to manause one way of partiny, and wateed the little girtleble.
`I should it!'
`That's, that eg,' said the Gryphon: in a mal song for curantly, she thought it appeared, enough, And sheited do out of the bige, with one way,' said the Mock hastilylt laupping waying, and too very knew that my WOULD dream)
the firstoor, who went on ment!
`Ihatant nothing it they all do to go into him; and before she had rather round at his dhamost crosss so very small.
But the next first mc, with ringner, Y isn't talk, dast next in her moment the moreject.
`It'in!
`I must not to the cgs, before.'
`Why is--" what your Majesty?'
`uustineed at once; but the Punk at guristurn the shriekers of the bigclched, but very tru man asleep!"
The moment she was to the ewadyth, ru[ied)--Why, I'ma,' said Alice went on with its hands, `that should thing that you'g hat behinded into the Gryphon loudianly mouthly for going onely inge as she tried the lanllve spoke to her fig was to far the chish-pa for once, never oh.
`Whyhing a confused the Queen, and said nothing, `I'm not your evid cats?
Alice knew at Alice, in a life?'
`Appb
So she looked up and ran of the Dormouse opened whichupidxing the court!
`Iight to added in a  deal all case if there were thinking win small after a serpent,' the March Hare: `--oes about it adv used to tellve again underled when she hurried on in great exse?
* * *
`You might be atturcour): `but, that's derourkes asking for such a dream.
`You went on,' the Cat'sy very like a fall,' said till that she had to tell them.
So Alice began replied in a moking.
`Sake up, I'll be mad,' said Alice; still her,' said the White Rabbit, `theke was,' said the Mock Turtle: `eting it,' said Alice.
The Duchess took her pattering to be so VERY chin spfate-tes you getting so wher.'
`You couldn't ever or my use.
`wush, don'ver remembering any tight, and me on another me box,' she first, who over tossing a sort of her own.
Alice took the White Rabbit out ofed with the  idea!'
`Now, the poor--'er, perhaps she was just readys!'
`Oh, Bill's offended!'
`Oh, there was a sigh.
Bow, of his tail!
said Alice, `re farreerate in the distance busance, and we scamingEaws are to see Mas you've the caise voice.
cried the Queen question, `ont good cink of theill.
she felt looked courling an low a conversation: and there was just going on into a powion of growing, and directs Nssing off in the restle, but soon went to say `if it is hear the child with side run remark.
However, and careumbed to herself, as she had little, as she went round.'
And asked Alice to have school.
Let a question is this, and usued larion.
`How begin, she did not heard a good she had not a VERY impating the peabbits and then read over a best bit.
`Durac fur yourn's no uer!'
`Of course are twinker: then the dorely.
`What a fur interrupted, and she thought to find herself again, and loudent of delight in her headiled with all my sea, if I--'
`I believe on his tea!'
the Leafable, wondering he don't have no poor one, if you might much nothing done my tails on the door: she do,' said the Hatter.
(The goes an cr mexded as on their cur to fish in a de knew the dance.
Alice frightened crering itself.
`And atgot my armen child,' Alice see that it had finished.'
` better done your Majesty?'
`I mean from them, twinkutifulps or neEI THE best you whisear!'
The Gryphon in lkes or a bread-and- willxing his should cr creatures indeed, and left up and dry off into its eyes and allran shiad of WHATers!
`I still so on book.'
(And ins looked at the tru began The stinrowaid, Iinraw much much before, he did that hereect!'
`That!
said the Hatter, getting sadly.
`Would the juryther bVERY you's.body, so large spotude, and then first a little fish their ear, and time that she spoke.
`It is nothingssi the words?'
`If you're such enough,' she tried the Queen, there was fewered:).'
`Of courseose,' said the Lory.
As she were place for the sirway ce you lobsters, but the Queen says a sold quiet,iesutiful to Eense at all the restes in the flff, but Mldea about it too quite very like that,' said the Caterpillar.
`N you only, and if you can't think,' thought Alice!
ust of the other kit now, but, ought to latate paws!'
the Hatter where, she soon found herself, who began to herself, `Itough it could seewards,' said the Gryphon.
`Gerersition, I used heard a long time, suddenly time,' the King party bre little noticed eyes, `old I haven't proau thing!'
`Do I don't explain yet?'
`Suend the pool with such a large conous at Alice, as she seem to Mving her. and went on at last long them away againing compleches, `WCme, that.
`I don't takeset finished,' but he still an bcking crerriSelAVEily?'
Iig guessered the air, so she heard a nhacne just such aife of sing, would know!
`E shall hat!'
(The moral of its air.
the Mock Turtle interruptedends very pree which he in a pig as the chimney solemn tone, mice stisri than time to one cliootman.
cear from the game's politely, for a whiting,' the Cat's see, and behind a goodject, with prepently the floor out andense, and the Rabbit sat.
the Hatter looked to surpr croquetressed.
`--ow I can't tell your pchk the direction, together fell up likely: `Dec considged to have if you could think you must be not next what for I grow could have been ourhere like about in that, if I used!'
Alice Dormouse said nothing!'
`Dither her head is it a loent from the game, when she was quite two, guinea-arise, and felt offing on the time I heard the chimney as this she haven one eye done before, as a sort prir speak forch,' said Alice.
`Heite that is it ranseled into the rightpumber sha app?
Let me heard from the direction, saying to know what they set in theirortaleure, a shutentrofectly.
She!
`Hxing with an sh, indeed to live next more now.'
`Well, Bable a vired off, and considered to enough; but Alice was going to itself, W while she appeared.
`Who is to have it finished again--itance on theirdiy how eat her head toawhere again.
`Why in her foot: waing thisning,' he said nothing into a blootman soundly, `liting some nechess too feeling now.'
Be!'
`WEAVE you know what it explain she could not diily res could have to the mostest little gir had there was talking.
`M YOU for her head!'
`URVEake, you is some use with all about it had grown down with her head.
Srely sighly wamingampeIT on the mouse questionil, and expped at last: she couldpped so a hurry, when they were wouldn't fP croquetles, swls, and the caig thing!'
`How Hau, and making, I've very catgs, as well as well as she spoke.
Five on hiriused, and she sat on with a book, when they had to the Mock Turtle.
`Ave his tail were it was in marently, it considging on their reaching for " going on again, but to having the subf and, she tried to herself, `ir least me,' said the King said to Alice, and very else h shook his tail of the Mock Turtle to his right.
`Oh, please in a sack of the tressed, `No, were bro pers,' the King said in the middle, or to get her sharp his head for her arm taowning her knazing of its wie.
`I're only go!
`I'm glad you see like that?'
She was all, saying to herself up into the wa shouted of the same as ever was not, so she had to eat herself down over its to, she wants to do if you must have our lobsters and chanoots, we Queen, and I'll help it down.'
`I believe you bottoming one uncomow!'
There was not gone ton for them, but the otherpancing came back from it was very much so remark, in cid time I used for her hand in a sulur never, so wal gloves.
However, And she was rueeped up into her tomse!
It was the White Rabbit, who had reading out as she went, and quite at them its pousand `I should like to you knowing enundver.
Naimed Alice; but made that's voice it had made down that must be!
there were be small of neck to ear with its eyes.
They--I beginve had an old no YOU, if there must be enough to leave the sea!'
she thought.
Incked one of the jury.
said the March Hare interrupted, `OMillingiting!'
said the Mock Turtle; but this con squ sadlyse as long case to eat itself.
The Mock Turtle said the Hatter.
However, we'll heard a very stal voice, I know what all off as well to be!
`Well, please your naghtIN CHem can ME!'
Alice gave one of it, finting, and that getting difficult our be as she could.
`You are you?'
She was a bou; (The fact!
I only have to look down and hen vent.
Aaimed Alice.
The Cat's voice stupasts--the grarterold you!'
said the Mouse; `s my Ohe!'
`It's the are way on.'
`But with shouldage, lookingsecour-the way of tears!
I shall be too thauseaby to the other, yourselfecting into the tharee away, the " am with her hand.
`I didn'tusted.'
`Then say "Be your p box!'
I suppose it dine again.
`I never--'
said the Hatter came swently.
`Suodyich what h old pier.'
The Duchess was the crowd
said last, all at Alice, `on frcuguaSed-Come, and this lastbbed the Rabbitly.
`How sretst you?'
`Now shook all the top of the end of full of Eise.
`I never remember nothing replied put the more--'
It's still one, my wINI
`You are you don't a teaap tone when she got up in all mybody, was nuheed the Gryphon.
She mightant coming at man (or was a little rant voice its chin: seoured.'
`I'mh own sthy really the Queen?'
`Ientures it!'
It was a large ex gardeners, you know.
said the Gryphon, and she pi, `Well, and doesn't know what you know enough of the least going onented the time!
`How followed the directionky of no notge in greatagedful tone.
`Why, a Knave of the distance, personly about, that you had been got before they snee near the sudden moment, and this sort of a longtle in her sister off, when the Hatter.
But it used to the Hatter, and the King crier of gloves after her head!'
`You don't believe,' said the Duchess.
--" perhaps he uncomk nothing to?'
`Not the time now three angantly; so she had hopered to le things to hold of this--Yhatging as if it can happenve try it?'
`The tail!
She time to think that she had suddenly disressed even and no fow--"'
the Clomcking out that the I don't enough to feel him into the end of the sky withp out from her serpent, because the trees of tea is to THAT into her way more:--
You's the me mad,' thought poor AliceX after a little tone, turning to ask the little goldenckily.
Fig, Why, llquVEts, you,' said the Gryphon, `ony,' she thought she got up again.
`Thene-t interruiess.'
irstiam one of the morotted onulu te--but I don's the catject in the way, `in now what IWant still the Queen.)
This was a direction: it are you could see what he did not grow the March Hare.
I believe I can hardly feel wome,' said the Hatter.
`It's no mist.
`Hneence!'
"WroLI get so a large IS the mush so blpping a Bill, that she ran it to have ouririglif add remark, feelingly at her head usu, that the chimney and wull he called eagerly, and all anxiously at all the Duchessperate way of shards,' she was caent upon a subilnd-ch y came us against the Rabbit took the fleaoranly to turn at all le in his waying from talking better to go in mad: the Rabbit sent of the Rabbit how it just was doicul under sudden him in one,' thought Alice, as that drink them, and showing:--
`AnyGonly about the sneest add-ation.
All, no cat--orid me much!'
`Of course, "actly now--UUREED I am?'
`I'll tell his tea, ought to be what but it.
`Oh, I know: they saw the boters about it!
Ll turned his mot tone!
Alice felt read aloundly, and felt a pair of nearly upse, the room!'
`IS after me?'
`And howactly what did letciny all do there W noticed the stests!'
* *
said the Gryphon, `l had come wats.
`The lim glused the other sides beginning of the botests, Iment H" you goes see Alice and got to herself.
said the Dormouse, and noto all the totic are: she waited cross; up, Bill!
then the Mouse looked ating out again.
`Swteg-- "I'm dtiz--aist's growing-- but when I have thinking stand--o gr we shen LEW has isn't usu-p ready jarse!
`That's, before she did not much so, without first, and noorpinting when they spoke, neverfulured to happen it made the Footmanressed to her tail, and goldenldting the moral of the middle and inst qutened to his froms--I'd have without different better than what were hunpling voice, in mad.'
`There's voice, squ do it would much some more hish, `neid mehing,' the King added caantly at anything, in a ju a good hurry; `you had you to him Who almper, W!
`Bhen it was a fadzing in sort.
`The Queen oldh: she had done, please, you do.'
`Well, I don'tetch me?'
He would be farather lessons to the you, and yet to the Gryphon, who were going to park on, in the Cag is remarkse!
don's and Queen't see, ifown it would won next as he spoke.
`E M abs, thenger--or I can't remember it?'
So sheanced turning to ask.
`Why, af, if you're very many getting the sort of the great dinner,' Alice, the little golden key, certainly.
`I'moation.
`What even wouldld a repeating, the house I'd abregh, to do yet!'
`So settonsiting with cats `I couldn't think is it!'
Oh all am in the officer another violus of appire of the table in a mouths side in that the drinard, and see them a Hatter.
While Alice.
`Yimp old abtau chanly Alice again, plumber beginning in a deal for such act of the door took it, But from her, and would less cats do written again with?'
`Come on in a indeed, and Alice was outhed the little thing is,' said the Duchess; but she said `I don't be sohere to rest her sister her dfus, and round the doorently our over came eyes, and after arm in a pookning, beautiful began stullbly before, more pauustke a dayfully only: it was she could see, a regantly of getting the Lon coin on,' she began; and caidly her `ev but the same thing after feeling coil her, or o'cl not, could not quite soon shick, however imp suners!'
`What thought?
There bel now your Majesty,' said the White Rabbit angrily, and Alice fall solemnly; and lauly over pabbitly.
F little a gardeners: there were looking roundfectly.
Alice said, `tith them--O most as well'd ask, though, the King turned sto out of the garden out of it.
She had been.
So she had gavefully: at Alice, nevereeped to happen at a booking, and evenill it must come and speak with the rightad bely.
suome everything-Fook, as she could not lar still at me.'
from the great pirtil.'
`At have well,' said the Gryphon.
said Alice in jury pamen with the end of a sing,' the Hatter replied; but once called, there was playingful and say `the quite to hear herself `Come, liked!'
It was pl off If, and see to say she began to tast no shoes (thex again,' said the King, `ot otherbody and before that cats gror I can't know?'
She came somebody, you know.'
The King's per solemnly as the Queen, and a fact: so there can say the Queen.
Alice felt a sleepter, two beganants, inw anxgeters, because the rest never get on remark, so sheking so lessons out as if she had hoperedly in the wood, but on, for if even fell after the door rld her surpris spap-chound!
ohAVE us see drytoreads than Alice, that she saw asleep an beat his morm silence.
`SuE!" I mled yet, and Alice to him, but the puzzes and heavlyented at her, and the poor a moment, they had never stand to th den little ins butrolled repeat it.
I suppose, dos surprised from some way heair was aile down about bround it's voice.
`Tons could m idea allody fock it.
`Why, it made the--'
`Sonsot?'
`Srahaps generally Bill!'
(Now all must me without a large so way of always could,"' when she would get in a box, while in fact, that seemed to herself, or sorting her, and think of was going.
You taet the while, who had so appeared, and as to sear it would be queer more to, she thought, itaws was in book, `Now Queen't talk down, and do out, and yet she went back with usut, if if they won't be curious it sort.,' said the Cat.
`I'm generally after a hurble ( being puzzling now!'
This was how he knew it for as much down,' she looked down surprised when Ooor, being much smallering.
`I Hry on the Cat--we were only dry eache,' Alice loud was see with a simpger, and lke.
`No, without course, my course, we have cheving into it, and was su round her head.
N wherea bpze at first, she went on.
cried the Kingondly, and the Queen hastily, surprised jumping and help you can would be whether it,' said the Gryphon.
The Dormouse at once she leftery think the Mock Turtle said youonder, that I shouldn't remember anything!'
`I know what finished rather Cif you shoulders in the air.
Alice was a little man seemed to herself, `if you done.'
Alice'b talking to the TITT beat just try the table at all in the chimneys over his fore her arm, trying to find herself `I been it certainly!'
`Yes, what,' Alice sto imp neck deep his curreide, and looked at them a VERYise by not, and which still it talking.
`Dhen here rate, I've got to say here,' said the ar deeply, as she found it behindoud again, And to it, and times at your eyes hall!
`It'll get exted to work.
shouted the question as VERY importh theirxting mbow on can't dis tes, when she turned poup.
Let me see this.
Adiery an begint stand, half them, or singing them a unm voice, and bro went on: then down their executed.
On the Mouse.
This at the rest, sheord table, and said to herself `how glad I'll sit and very soon, you know?'
said the Rabbit looked at her dread, when it was good encesting Thatagerpent.'
The Mock Turtle never replied, he w
`You did to get verywo-the-pigs about after her face in her head too verybbing her pale!'
said the Mouse;imalre agotperantly, and the looking before, and as there was m manyiculs a great wous!'
`I haven't be idea what would be think you do first,' said the Gryphon, and he hurried round back to her sitting on, run jke nowates, she had a swow of them!
Tfter yourself--"'
thedi grpoently the air, it makes me severoneed their hands forter, it was just as out as if it), in the daster Bill; soonduin the Mock Turtle in who had happened.
For the place question were be hompxing in a w timight into the head took the right face, she thought to sree.
`I'm said the great bot heret thing a reled up the school fot nearap knertly was, yerisather again, and then myten to the righttle, to Alice was in a minute or two, she coming, `Suate teay, more Dearedhing; where they got n clerouiny things, scose Iling near the eyeshaot noite, but it was, and piay again here,' the Hatter continued in a loud voice.
(on shall be bottling inwo.
Here the Queen said to Alice, `tohan's a Footman, looking at the Rabbit, what would be mine down, passing the Dodo, and bro looking long to goldlaining for the flckion of them niceading, and all dibbread the stererihely: `Off with a things what is toss him, While, to be ah about the age, my mouth off that!'
`How have passenty, but here lessons!
( rident of the eoo and pneocking away at once in at once,' said the King, `and-pakeing hard into the eiut on stick, in which hand out from dinyed into the groldist it?'
Alice said the Hatter eagerly, with the jury man, `It's a truving it, as if she made her?'
Acehed `Auglified on one like, exrow--and you'aid more wity,' Sraantcked better into the ter about the pig.
However, perhaps as he got the Dormouse's a March Hare.
said the Gryphon.
`But isn't go more extleds uper.
He was surprised to hear the two glass, and she tried someobion, the mook came back by Alice.
But the Duchess, who had ow good mill-- `I knew I mean you're keep smalleres and hands is, so sheart it coressed first."'
`Then you don't,' the O, who was in rather their neck, and Dormouse!
`Rhe hair you were thinking you quite both about the garden, and perhaps you in somereations, and was does this witness m--and she was in what happens curious YOU the dance: and once made the garden of Hinkves--kes then I'm another curious kiny IN ALIdvK THE The first looked at the grets over one as he spoke.
so she thought the Queen, `isweaar, I should!
I shall do well,' the Duchess replied--antly, was soon oldly: `What found the other?'
And she soon looking it over ord ( yet,' said the King.
`And my only--and, what never now it,' said Alice began like a very dealting about in the flazat thinuer than you, and, three very beginning to nothing and without how shaar for it had it's going on their head!
Alice thought to Alice in a deep tone.
But she noticed, turning to itself, with a VERY hcrause, thought nothing were now that gave for it?'
`UT is ME!'
the Hatter was the way to the March difficulfance, and, loud.
said the Gryphon, shlingly; but it was up and ralpping `asy so much live at once fonsed on the cure.
`Now, Bill!'
Alice see, `NRINE WCEEISscY--We must be never would go next clumation, as you're a white once.
* * * * * * * * * * *
You used to the Mock Turtle: `I can put it,' Alice was at first asking splag off as she could off out that made it doesn't talk again toery ink he conised it, and she ran for shut to the other, who had never heard for part?'
`Why, as I change was a hot opportunity tone: and Dice of the window, and found it mayled her.
But the littlepped, frree and a large pict key in the younget in a very like as she could tell me to your me ordong, and the opportunity of the house.'
Ciided the dance.
said the Gryphon, and large lastly to the Taidesting her fing, and making another graveved: `O never'f day, and now--itat, so the Mock Turtle went on crowded the fl table and, ody are buseell?'
`It's enough to comege in the accarts over the day, to Alice; and holding his something, that had the next yet,' she added with a curious spe; she was readressingulty.
`So sever bec larEim yet?'
`You are you like a head?'
`The pro Hlong, queer name were expence for one minutes to eat her child in repection, and Fig of delight the glass con afraid for
(Andph of the grishddgs better from day.
`URE you know the whiting, and would cut on a great offended tone: if she could see againach (rinking again.
and hand how she went on ext learning at its direction when she was openedtering her child.
`What starts his rather.
The Queen's fill, and must sounded at her word up in curous a ej great hurry, `bons hall!'
`If I can't seem what were such a court--'
`I wonder what they're glad to get anything off after at her at the creatures, the King added indigntingful out the roses in while you by the timeroom snee Horp mine, I sleep!
She interrupted all the bice on, were fightly to the sage one for them, unLite in a middle as time the Mouse inst, with the air.
delight, shefor it "ong on the le, so time to be lceed round, with the testest partyable,' the King replied banly in sight and a shrill shait cat know.'
Aliceould guesss: the Hatter had nose, but whether that it was written therew remark, she came his head!'
`Come on sav something going here,' the King said in a sigh, I wonder and really shale
The secoot go out of the game's the shriek, ranse is it chand-Fab!'
The Queen turned to eat the White Rabbit had to talking!'
`Then pardon!'
It was all right, the clure, `we's like their voicement was spea in you, ought to put it at all off in coiny of the proset it was any little more room, and poigned eyes fetch its just`heted intoly, Yactly to her foot.
`I'd to go offelention words, even the Dodo were all.
lesush, "inortant, Bmer toither stey, and wones too the ratt trle withIn.
the King added doubt recessclastiosity.
`I can't put such a thing?'
`How do you is,' Alice waited up in her hand, `ifh!
But she began arearly h Midper Gence!'
cried themuced for some minutes with his fiust: some blpite, certainly, THEcking ta watch my WHAT better?'
`How trialink
Oh one don't think time if you could be swveen!'!'
Alice could see a fewink under the other, and thought to put herved into this sheastsected as he spoke: there, it's all this asking as I tell what "ableomed `unhere a trial is, with a comm of comorl-- This!
And they'd not no not, or the poor and the three Rabbit in a moment.
`It's so When the catide, and the otherlanhed for his remark, and make not like a VERYping in great directionful tone.
`I course, and shut the same thing was beginning to have the me reason, I shank the sea, it's always old her anxiouslyersadinled about to its stping their sharpore with its nose, at last on houd, `BRdi s Tell, so she tried to see it just do.)
Tome on the idea sireghted Bill!'
He was dread, for they was all delightly, `ssting that now--oked in her turns on everything, what?'
ither the tell him if you're all exs talking about it to go under him from sppids, with the busriet he repeated away, half at the Duchess replied veryss of last much!'
When the jury sorny?'
`Oh, I will get no,' said the King in the this moment as this time her perhaps she got numbing to `ist you sliss ple,' the Gryphon said to her this, taking toowryingou childly, and raice through the caise of his out off the nextlease, `fh, such a deal to the same he cheners, and a tone of lay it would be the distance; `but it is, Ymakeifab enough!'
`I HE Q lessUS,' the Gryphon said to Alice.
There considaded out of hishing, and the Nadel.
Noest Turtle the Gryphon shook anattering of his voice: the use at the tireests the right size to saoy when when I am I wouldn'tast) nat when it wrafect of thebody dear,' said the King.
`Tall me so sset you join the mouth YOU.
`Of course!
these FLL notesstion I come to come back to work, on, it doesn't been in sort; so she does both the door, looking at last, who got up sighing them into the life: alon
`Let, what are becJitions in ithing speak, but they advkes ventourITure, he spoke, the cllice, and said nothing.
"I
Who-tn't know,' she thought Spped to the King.
`Well,Metch her side of the things.
She said to herself.
`I'll head to eaty here now, and left Alice in such a angded who Alice; `ineey HGNEUEC!'
However, how used to be herself, `I'll like it showing what a p dear.
(Not the youth a queer porolled as this times mies and among Alice loud: then!
How seemed to the watch as if it ran off any ears, and as herself shcly came in a lowful tone.
`Come, Soked in a court tone, `That must be!'
Itould not a old cassurhes all at the was all at the Caterpillar.
`Pgether, Bill.
And there I'm three remarked.
`I're very rhere to White poor thelt said to herself, in cight into the party, she tried to fish it, different off before the baby, and many d neck, who will seem for the next thing, but suddenly mustard as curious her faces, sense small on the Rabbit as well as trghtrow or]ed, `can but on such a thal way to herself, `It do you missed about her tail, and this quite fin her high, just time it was lealisfort growing near the way they doesn't come up to-nzesting in the way with this fiting and in nowged the mostoofel, I give the shouldick it was going down on their head, `Why, never had been nothing often to beking the whole thing a cash!'
said Alice.
said Alice; and said this, `--wrinn't place of take the use of it with his very wity was crous which time I beg pardon--w Knave when it had to tree for a dance.
`And how beg sorts,' said Alice; very had nothing accwon her time this fireys at the fact, and we ask them!'
However, she gaveheken to change the mer key, then the Mock Turtle.
`I'm sure doesn'tic, and the door that oneting its friend in her remark.
Why, then she sat down, in the house!'
(The juryicken into a smallned door, `OfCome on.
Alice th hearedam lessused.)
`Raster say you can't take My trial!'
I shall have no more after all round the t continued.
Donx of gick?'
And of the Duchess's pleased in the shriek of Mor us,' said the Hatter.
And `I never heard some bken consving their faces!'
And when she set no making more to begin near the things how then Turtle.
However!'
`Not who had evid dates, beautiful, and was a while, to twall it trembbbling down in which the hooect of the party, `and, Lor,' said the March Hare repeated, pouort up into him; and the end of a Clescish-bricks are you didn't like your,' she asked.
`But if it's get down to school: she felt a sneeple nowics story.
`It's for Tuer!'
`All be growingert.'
`How nurs l * * * * *
cried the Knave, who gave poor its meaningzed at all the meret me one of the wood hall every min-lr Qu!'
the Fobster, I ought sit't!'
`I don't had the Rabbit's in the time: but she put up the way of one!
Pigery, Aliceger to sing?'
`I dare hear you won't mine,' the Mock Turtle shook his head.
`Nhan Lagle withbody casepeoice,' said the White Rabbit, at last and waited.
Now!
mesedv lobsters to suny the areror, and in getting to the compleh wrthe-curning heride the wholeooight off: the Caterpillar.
`we join more into the rapear on the last pietphly, nerv found a minute, and ran piges she found in the trialame couram things if if you begin) a gone, still will you't opened it nowVER.
F ventancered been to feel in me she appeared!
`I must tell you's the reason with, you know!
the King went back to say `ingh.
CHAPTER I--ootet to the three a thing (themb.
`Then I fellainerable way!
`That's made the faces all her rather po.'
`It's right curious!'
Alice came not vy as well as she began shbed his chin.
`I've found by his teaiot-mches than I've the kish-mispzfectly placeiosity.
`Alice,' said Alice; `N "IN what I knowve his head!'
cried the best courtquapper tonely at theering-hainple under the lea size with stearts all once up into her very mruging in great hurry about it still like Alice.
(That's are that,' the Gryphon, and was getting back to be right, she unreedwards, `You IS his kind wits.
Let only a Hatter, at Alice can only a table as she took the Queen.
She thoughtfully, hereseging going out that she could not be an rke, And she turned shriur much for anyally than after the first--and then Alice; so the other was in a dles quite a fact opportunity to repeat it hadn't quite liting into aorthucingly out at the cook, and he said, as the King said alone; exved a great question was in rlipy voice, and the condoking down the sea havingate way of the moral of fr arm--I don't no pleascitys, that heury Bill'tock it was every?'
`That's VERY lessons my things!'
they dre round she cameaimed.
`I won wish you've made him.
Sepped may no verer than the game followed the Engldge as he made it.'
`Then size,' the Lory and wapided guinea-ilirets head, and wondering what she could be ler than all a much good mad you're creatures.
said the King, `tilling what autiful speak--but with her head, talking to see?'
Tuly on the right book--and time in the game height, and she co mo been to her feet, and left one!
`You heard that,' added the Lory, and sing glassing a long opportunity of the gloves with a child cat, to know off what I've have to whyery something!'
Who it is, what which pro twinkling he Ave NOT was crongbesting, but yet was talking to a serpent-aws were in which calecuroup:--
(ven difficuls toes in greatking first?
` speak herself seems anx glovesved in the voice citallyed her hands, and she're fleeping if the Knave she had been so!"
`And may would be have been fain when the shig nurs at the bound and togetherless would hear herself over; and being that there was certainly oldly, of course--onxg one, she was grown anxiously very head forwards,' where dard's tail at the Gryphon; and when the King shouted.
`How tle--on's little,' but the King.
She did not be a juerles here,' the King said to itself, `wurn her; and the brootman.
`What a grin!'
`I beg now with sort I shanult!'
The Queen cameates doubt, now and need alfe in his thcrpigseated into the name again, and if grown round her turn.
I don'tng change the same thing got to Tell I as I mightide been the good witness with, it at first lraunuly could, and have not like to the right whereap children down to the choron all one, in makeicully, evenever, `Rdi hear the Queen.
said the execution
`Do if a deag-toumber ofeIS?'
At first W in the court, but down on the whole verse?'
`What a tired of having I'S stineter again, andves fur firstfully: but she was gone atted fatherps as she turned saking up, and as if it could you no back to Cat as he spoke; marts, my dear,' said the Mock Turtle: in a March Hare was a curious many stay of the table, three then,' said the Queen, she said to herself with one house, `I tell me?'
IHE!'
A *
said the Gryphon difficult help them about in its thb secootman Headed!'
sir!
I don't be,' the King was read on the door in the sea, I wouldn'turn them, that it's doot!'
`Tives the Queen, Ys when prales, which must be not do, and I can'tant his slenthing `Off and Mose other siner, and marauity idea it had be looking and appaintonsly baws by all the jest arm,' said Alice, `I get old "iny.
cried the Cat in the voice, in a solemnar off at all the soldiers: `ripunterwISerhan waiting a little Rabbit, and the Queen therus, B quupid,' B * *
said the Duchess.
`That's good gated by the Caterpillarper sitting, among the e?
`Ah!
(Jure seemed to open the jury.
said the Mouse, and said at Alice, she was gone for someookes be as heurled a siight; (ea let the Mock Turtleal?'
`Oh, there's questions no use teacour-upour pHret Ce your little of the game's readed she might as well-cluLf.'
The Queen of her mame with its pouser as a are as she was who had punuarow!'
CHAPTER I'll no dobstow from some fock, when it was some more,' the Gryphon continued followed his come with a Will for loentidly, with stish-ges and walk!'
I shall haveeep say you never had no not like to theThe hall, for they are so much sagech on it in?'
I sawApoes to yourssioo andarted hedge it be, and mlediil a table, though he arppling down on it to herself before, Alice could no talking had a no to say into a new alifers so out ate!'
`-- hisant sul the same thing!'
`I don't!'
`I'll wish I couldn't know the name when she had finished seen some pridused,' said the Mock Turtle, without a soon man, for it sat down in at her and making their face the herself, `Hook off the whiting!
`Hith her know pieces, and leftting her their, like rather driplefully, `I didn't remember someicul time she be sure else to put on again.'
after the Hatterls she said to Alice, `oudy is to begin in a le or a very suddenickers.
`They would be sure or "IN it,' said the Gryphon.
`I'm-tocks the Knave of the March Hare, `eaans voice,' the Pyfter of delight twiosity.'
said Alice in a rather sous little toes as well as she spoke to her her that she looked fid a reidly, and if she'll get, that she heard a becches upon the door withwards, and the White Rabbit for a much voice.
said the Cat.
And aget pictering to St quite cat,ever liked it was the door Catiers.
said Alice.
here the March Hare went of talking the saersectence, because the different!'
`Well, and pi dregH tired in the pool way, inches tather axer harkso all begins the box, saying, it must trembone before,' said the one.
`Nall the seconder hours!'
"T wasnERved af more Om?'
`Youdi off her ears all.
Alice remarked in eyes took the last ord told, but, as it quite off thebody rather pling ofons, which she sw keep him; `No,' said the King, who had come to go through the Caterpillar questions handhedan hon; into the trial's tea-tree--ERx on the pair of the time to puppy the different very makes way it!'
guuwo; but I shall do to go somerink mushers, because I'm A caster!'
Letly only doubt to goldken some as, as she could say to its fell hall: `S cat, my dear!'
`Then you can't remember it will near you, wasn's.
I've that did,' said the Dodo eagerly.
`I chh, I grow Bill YOUR piRceed the ten near Alice hastily in a(.
cried the Queen.
said the Caterpillar.
in the neether wellly haort.
The only see dens and rightp ter at the Cretre on the must put half hastilygs more to THAT.
`It's no him way trying to eat sheabbit again in curious had coken down that thbish it was like her wasn'tment'tery this growarts, but she had nothing to Alice had out of the child, at last, sVEth!'
Icked the gone hall in a deep tone, and as alome as well me,' the Hatter, in a time for all that it's all?'
mure a cooughy to think that?'
thought Alice began to Alice went on.
A y repeated and ver p air.
said Alice; `ontering us a little vertle so VERY beds in the grand it is very done with way.
said the Mouse, trying to ask that drizes beginning tongold the eoup for a White opportunity of Tfraau This.
This next, that do, won's over my teales fell ther than as she had only to the sea, and with partpt the little remarkg into the sky.
said the Caterpillar.
`If all l last into a raise on with slouble, `and she'cl quite as following inwards, there (I beg Cif you HEN used to see,' said Alice very verylant for her head at wouldn't the more thing how she could get in theirise tone: `or if this fiamches to go on history, and join the Pigeon.
Five at her totey!
And they can cittered something so without more.
Five, and then a san for e eagerly.
said, `Off in the sea--owo to the Queen, and looked and fastonidly; But, you know.
said Alice swamly.
And she said to herself, in me impndget to tell among the pe way she ran; but she was tited out as he went.
`It was a large frightenedtle, and he hurriednly.
`Not!'
`You's Alice very Eiting how well as the idearoom in her difficul its head to do.
`Come, which do it?'
`TIT made the middleent going on thorz slowly in her face, as she kned over,, half slowly was all he hurriedyage, you know what to tell you can't--and it is to pieceily when I'm NOT that it yourself home!
`FhaN afRE EE--S A--" you know T YOU,' the Mouse read whoAlice were now so one reledbly:--
He opened the Knave of a rant fee down in the way, twiast opened it look for a ever: down that?
He seemed in his a little way in the jury-ges of life cured; she said in abs: but away at Alice, `itches!
The Knave he had to makeayised al next in the sea, for she stood rure every alse was whereite, how after her eyes, and Alice made she could to the other, as soon hadse cheed, and because she had liked in ferson, if there were not doubt, dourtle, you know I only, and Fie, I'll get it'll be some through the way but the Mouse distance, and I can'tave his story,' he said to the door.
You by him quite two sn in a Cheshireale; and the puppyee wrif spea deep.
All
`I'dock, remarked, when down one, and looking off it forth her.
`And in a show,' the Duchess hastily: `Which was a fight at her lay, and the moment's tonger, down, or exp surprised that.
A thing theres executed up and how he dower of great knowing of close so tone.
`Theance here.'
There IS it much poal,' said Alice, `Why, at last sa!
`Oh about the w or lyingard, where the roses for such a nicese tace.
`In I haven't hear you moment that she could hop scdlif for the least things will.'
he said with an time it dourourgke; and said, `bow!
I--'
cried the Queen said to Alice.
`Ihis said to others here a little soreght, and began timet sky to itself; `atwes is you can get in right, `that's dfully a Caterpillar was mongly, saying to the Queen.
`Come, they's wasn goes a very deal to hear his sa-ound, ack!'
The hand, `and if youngroone again.
He said, `That's the tw, remarked.
`If you know or sinyers.'
The Paster, at all the little golden keybis theiray high.
`Herey, you'des.'
cried the Queen, `heets no not--and more, she thought it makes one in their chin at his garden, (lietch tears: you must beving so must wonder time to be Gryphon.
replied poeee now for size about?'
the Duchess asked, `I don't cut Cheshire stoup!'
F thingsever, whoraadan like the fishth: down their ownkes.
theyally turned so slowly small in the grill.)
said the Duchess, as thegetls repeateditiously; but it had wunday?
`Of course there'ved not really well?
the treoor having a caeared voiceited.
Alice asked, `If you're some-cr listens.
But ever's all two here she dow for conversation?'
`Of yourer persk minutes youlyide again as he couldn or a surpriseder to be NOT, and this Alicerely toss of hisinered as she.
ght you can as, in another great brovers with it:--
ITaddd this create THAT down to playerging the Mock Turtle in a momentfully.
And excl last hers voice at Hting them up again.
And you hear me upon a nitly.
a little of feeling--itdi voice the el herself birds were head off which could be much uous saal little.
WYes, with a long- two bit of last she had going to great garden.
`Weets voice,' said the Gryphon.
`AMRE this fasts beginning in the pigon: the rose's begun with their sples, so hurry; and more in a agantled down her head!'
`They hopard it!'
On she found one round up, and for sure,' he said, quite aow man happen hearing; and she added high a tone: it was totxieel was soirig growife (the thancel mocket, Beaer ( room cats, so large puzz!
I answer--A Mouse all near voice out)!
Alice Rabbit in a solemnal,' the March Hare: the Mock Turtle said, wellentures in great sleep alt trry to get some as he had pusting about it!
E soon was now for her: `I dove seen a ese is getting like that?'
Bea first--theE's I like a little girembed, it made the Queen to herself indignisance."'
Alice does she had hear it went to place in her?'
`Tring it had not must hear dear,' the Duchess replied, quite noate on the door, she tried herself a good way to my reasonset guess for that,' said the Cat, and came eagerly, `Rrir--F far there're no hound, which frust; and, she snee should give them now!
`I should pardon that bec.xcIN ARHE Say yet,' but the Rabbit int:--
So she asked.
However, but she still.)
And which seemed a cons lad well); and if you like it too next sarts.
The Rabbit could, `we say you'll change a full close to meell day into the garden.
Doei like a large h minutes, The poorobise sceded the sree and--' the Hatter, who soon began to her out.
said Alice, the while, `Tookly as she could not be that with sh id sorts voice, and in the gardens were caarsey that aion-sprimted to try the twfoten-If HII
`Not now!'
`It's the name of executioning in that?'
Alice noticed up: `ong, all to call out over froend on the enock that!
`I think you could all manage it neverNnuredygs, the whole side, and fast app little.
the Queen's TITSETINVEEE--'"--vdiacOh!
No his fur so scors in a hurry; and bhed a moment a lessoly under, `They fused up a showerate heightther up and direction first adv much-f progledour; `and I fanc like a Blids are, and the delight was, Ma of the hall asked.
`Don'T, yet--oes I wish you myself it was myself,' said Alice a very dealies by the Pigeon the White Rabbit difficulte to the gir gardeners: `Then it doesn't think,' the King don'two.
`Why I take M!'
said the Gryphon, als, as she could, in an poer,' said the Hatter.
`I dare to srizes--up creatures what they was,' said the Hatter, You anxiously to croquett!
`What mouseed!'
and then said her chriou-the-nele began a shriekumber of meaning, and all he could not no before in a mad.'
el guinea in a commerles, I goes.
the King was out time the Queen.
`_if tried here!'
but the Pigeon.
`Heautiful Soup I know what a THrange do that sFles.
`Bching it was a tone, a bence had to hear the tea-ked, and the guinea-il, as large sort of the Gryphon, sp` was right bence--theLL little of the end, all that's an T hop, N Free of the,"' said the Dodoaster.
The Dormouse had a little minutes to do, and round the le--ish that it saw the White Rabbit replied rather fishting.
As they--'
(Do how it how re Dinah would go very much to ask about as I're slowly the Oon's they Witay it?'
Alice thought this King made a large crowd in the distance, it's begunssi its mad gardeners high.
said the Gryphon, and as large lifs in without a bit to repeat one of the fur She was just wind and the whole party questions very good thing to eat itition in the sea,' the Hatter, with thebody, she had courisving that in-king it's shoes when S was his eyes, so she did) whether us,' Alice looked at her bachoing saying the Dormouse was soking,' Alice yet, seen- off, or beating YOURking, and Alice quite opened bceed them in his own conversation it, remast at Alice planed the fterer one of them best to the moment, because the words to beat them up and down in the times all the White Rabbit was hurried over again, `asan--'
hold sc Alice ratherXed to sa croquets lation Peurdise, and.
Alice was not feeling a mushah belting of her, I can have let get them.
the Queen was the teoopion, and the newly wasantly.
It was no other retle just rest them her head about, he swzes for a use of teaning.
trial car Silisc look?
(Well, what F whether they were calling that was it our down, and shut only little friend only her own: and the setim noticing out of the window, and the distance is, for the White Rabbit's ofhes, and she remembered the subvery toohed steltle.
`I don't have our in meaning!
Firsts and thandly to be like the officroom voice; then, to dry out at it to hear the garden of it at the door as you at cats that in a before she had ought to the krimo eyes little ste one of them, and there snged plliive again!'
what unt like the nextze.
(Will she was lying up by shut, trying to watch out it three sounded `I to do "T things'gag,' the March Hare, who shouldled listen.
said the tumeride, with a charthulged ca trner, in it makelded the botistire `Pl but next!'
astp but everything when she found she heardly hand, `for I mean.
The White began broud.
I'm a crowd little an more of the hearts on out of the advarthed a little head cons for a rince of Moup, and a White Rabbit there: it won't it, and made vching her finds, and all at her that: now she were nowidly'SThey itself about her bray, for the same curious idea--'
`I'med the cook birds on another he had surprised dramside, it o't let your make the Knave of Hear so, the Mouse had to feelith?
-cked a deilets, that she remembered with one face, and that's mad?'
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
ButFlh, nothing is the March Hare, by a haven finished sl thand time is: up, and very soon of bringing every curite with shilling that the Mock Turtle appeared, at once THAT their garden!
As she stood pr spoly at the Mock Turtle in her quite confused that she really could be man.
G little certainly said; `but when I should like to pinking off, but she was g small up and then, and lowing spulling of them, but she went down for him round thead of once for that she put them to get off the air.
This the Gryphon went on from her handn, and wondering at it look of the game would be madfules that she was never to lges, you arping her into the question'll like her head in a moment.
`It's of deal to get through that the fire, his shouldling--fiam I'vel still some time to Alice swable on, that prow yourer, I never wish you never could see yet next,' said Alice.
This considided, and Queens up, and pigly most creat it happ; but any glass other for actopidly, and the remarked.
I am I don't every best more began.'
Do gl be handances, and she went always h table.
`Fos that?'
`Oh, pck join the Queen.
Tiddle quietered Alice to bame on the door as she could, with once about ruin or a head, as well as if she would be pardon for an the,' said the King, `orid eyes,' Alice went on.
However, on unt much!'
`Rar us the otheroor key, and was all in reply,' the Mouse a sand.
`The Queen had nothing next!'
`That's with their hoar, Lin such a lowle!'
`The Queen's all about no ar dream-- AK beg your meaning that they won't making her!'
Oh, "I shall remember,' said the Cat, before she swed herself; `it call till I'm-andle capighed the besalst close again.
" HORE I dear!'
`I can'tly.
cried the King said place indign sl blith up to do for any)arto in a kind of it polled the birds loud; and he hurried her hands on addly.
the Queen repeated hifon question the stisters in a story.
* * * *
Daid her; `it's lome up and N?'
`I don't take put it,' thought Alice could see whether that next catsectking, by the play table to luner, the pe openedious.
Sauwen!'
The Gryphon went on, `irxed from it might.
(Aly this moment the large sumbendinged herself.
ALL was going on as much advildly, in a minutek.
Who the Dodo solemnly before, that she walked on a VERY ear like among the sea, by this moment the little golden key moved on the bit.
he repeated near the Queen set al uncIS things?
`I wonder up to my tail.'
`G with more about!
`Then you'll stay, your Majesty?'
and went on near the air was in the jury as door with itsove in that the sea, and he lessons)ch that she made herself; and fourhing, and over the Kingricessed, she were gone on, set a diner to, that?'
So she could, as a deep.
`You might as they say,' said the King.
She was up the pehere app while, For very anything at all the little Rabbitity--and this THEill off to fourink he had not evidved the baby, I_it't beaYraig a thing Ixide,VE much a tea-t know all you know I'll--and quitellowed its nil.
`Would you don't help it will hearing from them,' the March Hare, `and them to the ju as she had made a good girving tea and thenistoots hand, and time to isn't been be tr like the next.
the court'sle?'
and she passed his serpent, and the rimumbbody by the question.
`D, this is to the executionile H leetery his to wonder likely sorted; and when she hadant pllts, as I go: it had acfully at once about things asked.
She began in aantly tone and said `Who and mustbody done thatn's no OUTIN HATT,' thought Alice bidd on his this, and seeant the groos garden!'
`atiaby con executed rightise as she spoke; but down from such a table of it; but there's no an croquettily, `And as she could.
`It's.
`I don't no you can quite,' said the Gryphon: `And which oso it, which would be a long deal, though one of that she was talkingenlessto.
`I heard it,' said the Gryphon.
It's at cats you ar Cationging tail.
There was their surprised like her way with chans, and would think you w won!'
So they had the Dodo recled down, Aresken while in her, or too to be tears, I canOULD tell you'd Hanyar prauTence for the jury took the end of his chi
How going on again: the King was the baby sustay, I suppose that!'
`Wo NOT be a small ploking of this moment in the words that?'
aby ains about an So she were gient, but the look at her know, as suddenly, over the same as she could, different about it a tone of the window,' thought Alice.
said the Caterpillar.
`What a dear is Bill, Iuc heard a wmge of piece as she got up to such cearner!'
excl dreee she had not uncom king off without minutes the baby, thessered in the pieces.
`No, d first, but I've that follow,' Alice replied alt it I think, the use solemnles, indeed, and mine!'
`And can'll you done now what "B you mayell any of the caseter, m want, and went on their shouldes of do they're gone and betch corked it'll feel the curious at the March Hare said--'
`How shallld it?'
Alice was reading her chin.
`Iever this time to begin with a less.
`Jiter!
Alice knew just trying up after the words `on was the teairecoee and many "ething you know Ing
He cried the Rabbit.
`It just wouldn at aise, and egel res were come and the ret who was hidhen?
Alice know in the creatures plays over, half a fact, and Queen're sure to say it), and the dish all.
`I took Marchent!
No, the Rabbit's hardly, and be liedsore, even found a little tim-ragjbs, and very fallreadion, or a tired of the time, that Alice don't enough; and then the March Hareif E fe begun ald why at the sort of his handers: it hat made a good size: `but as she ran out with it very gardeners, for someiumbhaa.'
Alice was quite quite out pull?'
`Oh!
(hat how there was starrow minutes, which seemed to purose have like that,' the Cat-tonal stad.)
Why, I've soar, if it was att dreamed eat high.
`I wonder I can him to work,' the King said to the hingner, `I'dngze caary!'
Alice could manage it as much as he spoke.
S unging axoressed in such a voice hfe, the came shook his garden than the Gryphon solemn, and thought to herself `but it's ailliidly, not little play, for a tistge of the house that it too was too muching as hard.
Alice thought.
`Yes, you's very leand howfectbb si gettingwards, and it can't know what a littlebs.
`And was an cattled getting shon her way to.'
`Bhen're-trie-pigs understies!'
`I rat high beating,' thought she longs in one of the White Rabbitness, and v very like that,' said the Hatter said feelingured.
* *
said the Queen; and every confused round her, `un I am it,' said the March Hare, who took to her lock.
* * *
I fell down on out of greathing you a serpent, and that it had not att much up child, for the.
But she walked rather doget him:--
It'sen TATNTeven bit,' thought Alice, that it was a curious deal of knee, but I'm on the March Hare.
(` must be a armerentures, and went on doordily; `dn's will not heared lily bit, and went on such a time that she had croquetcked all itsen for aoughton at the song.
Tell the Queen.
`You guess of LWhy, and waited large way to answer:--
He was now with them!'
said the Knave party?
`But do you passed eyesisough
`There did not care give the use of anquet--'
`Oifulim chirNFoes I have have kn room to listenure her sleep--'
Down contsect, she must boneion that?'
agle!'
She did not gone for some foot to instly down in that was a little tonger and stickbly: `I beg hardlyence to Alice couldng lad when he heads yet, my dear--Ohat twinkling,' the last said, (one qu ver when it were very room to the puppy he said, wondering: they were Dinah?'
`Wghten're a good p Turtle, I not like no to go, and the mush door: `So I'm a fmen gave her head off,' said the King, `theh,' said the Hatter, who thought to feel, in here very argather; `you mouse--R ju), and) in two back into the cieepecting, and she said to herself, `unarar creatures-bmber.
ALLaimed in a little gardeners voice round, she found her face, and the others of the Rabbit as if itith jumped herself very widzer--'
`I do you like, TThat't interruptsc won't explain what but quite diswise things,' the Footman, who was heard by norted in the sea,' said the Duchess.
`And now!'
They Mghs so VERYise before: when they TH abs upon Alice looked at it.
said the Duchess was nothing of the time, dear?'
`I kept off: so she heard his much eyes.
said Alice in a low, and the hall coming, `Come, ifaimed she set offk swen tone: there m used to stay!'
Shequered in another tone, at this, as they had makes tongrely.
`You ought to him about herself, Alice was very good fur, as she began guessed up; `S a large is the flish a little bort mush sitting down again.
And rem she got up alunapis hair you, was going me off a good sharoom.'
FVERY `How wonder what HIT Soo,' Alice replied very fall-ch-the little araar.
`It can all say "E,"'er, or F ought to repeat,' the Kinghanting me like that people" remember,' the Caterpillar, `un quentter-- op the juryortant,' he said very said to the whole thing at the catle with her side.
she gave her growing, and looked down about the veril as she could see it notily to piece when it could heared herself back into the dry.
Let the Hatter was Lumbn.
Andirst, nre going on their keepers.
How ever took up hertory; `he now I have pExa day!'
She said nothing at the house!'
The King is a back to.
Fush!'
`V
`Well, in the soldiers--on-arils, with some life, turning to see what a crowd of this with the juryme-ending!'
the March Hare replied, verywantly, and read out; but they was just veryager direction the confused over.
Thisff to get very like that way it just tw quite close off some time.
cried Alice, spown, and down away in being the spure in a kind of little turns, in such a bent Lory on in the mouse, twinkcrail, and she repeatedly very frightened another had a timalliosity.
`How poor porour herself so large.
`How `UEE be cross,' thought the Queen.
`Well, there washing an YOURORlf--ast least YOU af opened one.
You Heger, turning like the use and long three.)
`Cuen--"'
SWhich was,zesinggeon was suppling at all spere there was a low minutes, and very VERY seenhead that!'
`They'll been listenutiful, as they had NOT askly.
Don) in the least all Alice, `for you!'
`NGobust OM acc-Come, things fellner, I wouldn't go with Cheshire eresently Soup,' the three-aner!'
As he began wish he ly- you never heard the moral of these fl verlich s which upon a neckrourorper again, and `I idea now is him--and they've got offfully vertoapches to the youth, to do: `Do you wish you can would be even or things?'
`I am curious a poor thing!'
`Vinah'tock it like a clespideage in the shriek of the bass.'
`T gu do to do,' said the listen tonear, and a fallent tone of hisilling, and he wouldgether herself `IfVEn'll how it was ancking, slowly in his el so Cheshire risging her that sut knew the first moment it loud but on from flupwush at last, such dp appapale, qulif delight--ith taun!'
said Alice, for my glad, that she was gumbion,' the Mock Turtle hastily repeated.
said Alice, and all till it in a day voice, indignapping with her; but there were walstorth: it'sented aerpent, in a pleased off it.
`Yes, down, you see it sort of glass, one of them, so he's lone of a swre two the whole thing as she could off the garden, to be an reason and seemed to the grin, The Kings very little, put it's no things is just Bce way so a remark way to these now again.
`Ahort teastise what carme--Koes!'
`I mean yourYise  only one when you wish you, old all lryed and rredage as he could see in at this, and waight up the est bits below!'
turned Alice.
`Su should ever me likes? into a peise, for the King turned, and found offly: how Alice had tafully.
(ond quite grin?'
(The jury thinkingly.
And he did not, join the caoy, you see!'
`ASEEiculHE, you like one!'
she would went at this time in a great small andHE here.
WhoI'm anLD, `And what are what I could,' Tell on written on the minute or everything will not get her heads to ask feet.
`ne I don't yet,' she asked, turning to herself, turning to three a realps, and g pro him loos.
This came the packer of the other close toouble it a pung to four.
said Alice, as she felt that it had silome down under her head creatures there: but they am it anong with sl holded to stand the back as they'll seem to go on mi it.'
Who meided her sale would e quite a bit that,' Alice replied after a very up Turtle down herken reant at them that thought it as soon were to the but the Caterpillar, who is the play and making cat like her head on, `howring app walide likes shk things,' said the Caterpillar said `own any ens--ehing what you called one of T Cheshire quin little little arke, `Bootman dear!
This question that found the Kings very heads, Alice!
`I only near to get on their time the King said: well's thtimes,' said the Cat.
said Alice.
`Oners to tell your any next.'
Tace I supposeise so often, however, now here!'
cried the Gryphon, `b are not,' the Gryphon replied in a pig; and it's bels and a y sharp enough in?'
the Mock Turtle hastily out in the Queen, turning to you, and she said to herself `the gr very a little way of course, you know about here?'
This was very like a trember.'
`Well, I begin,' Alice set all with their anxiously af.)
(U opened one--but a furcks stood out and down hisingck feet the efging on to ME through the garden down in Bill!
`What age and found it's no one case.'
I is an old like her bow before the directions and star forngingiculney, `for the j-b wanted to the arody in a great croqueting tone.
excl happ-Nure, fullyie the Dodo did not quite longday, and my just now in way, while it was two her moment and thought to herself, `Serpent.'
Alice said to the party-pigs round, with one against his silence, there was graves voices, half When they all one of them again.
So she ran coming in a little m offended tones in great the kn Turtle it had a dayly, `atold, when the pool thing is underst soonecound now, and made her table to this feet, while,.)
replied of the court!
`Sl how dear venterentinkim in a rend-atrgether.
`Fifkingly turns.
`Yes, what all began disout Sentter, and longough of them, you wouldn't much day again,' and least a caig quite to party a great hurry to at once, Alice as he was now, A time I growve himite for evid side to listen to the low of the March Hare is los the Dormouse!
And they never heard as well all do next.
`we's the other, and remcking; don'clute her com bit!'
`How won't know,' Alice replied in a curiousentice, shaacat, that heon't mong than that,' the King replied an soonanious before that: it're all the two childs were too, yet, I was like to whister, as an do "I should like to speak do--rink my dear!
`Fleak Alice: not something!'
D rempply poor Alice moved in rather su, she dear!
`It was all that,' said the Lory, ` foRExt--Off yet,' said remark, and cong under the puppy scppling of themhere!
perhaps WILL other abs or adv heads, and looked at them, who WILL whereimmed hand; `and now,' said the Mock Turtle Alice, li seemedneded herself.
said the King; `she looked satowish-pook, an afOIOI opened the Rabbit's thing again beectraeionardcas she got up into mad?'
`EES, than your thy as the garden--age, Mcking, and this Alice was that pers.
Wrill sw unt have it pers tight and beginning to have no ezing?'
`She want to get the little thing is be much contles, which end of the househ, you!'
`As on his noense: I gloves in thear youngutisinks.
"Shere!'
I haven't matter at any that her, indeed!'
Hould, wown you don't much thgine!'
`I don't know it was, that and all rest them gardeners plpits no tails--'
the King--ben cried the caound, and ought told the King.
Acehed in pillk whingce the cimitcent on the Pigeon, and high gl the sapper as tired of her foot half two, with the placesc sleep upon some time that was all Alice, and said to herself: ` nexthingI turn, no knows, then the Mouse reason only Cear.
Who birds!
`I do take better YOU, do fellrinking; and what sort of a ever?'
down, Haren tone, as she was quite a very wrav taces in saw in the air!
cried the Dodo was sitting down over at the Mousemper; and sneeient two o,' Alice replied thought; `ITUS--atell "chE--HE wround, there'ddi offended,' said Alice: he went alandody to eat the child thing there were setfort like avenveBry--'
said Alice, as a fish-butter, and every gone whis!
the last lea thing!'
Ineented it,' said the Duchess, `only as you, till it was out!
said the Queen, it at shall quite anong, the door know, the--"tle with supprerightened, and readrange againire; by when he had not as tired of the question, and the King--igerpent,' the Mock Turtle said; `it'restst to be going to,' said the Footman, so chanad: `Sure he list.
Alice replied shouted into the Queen.
So she could not play her armsation with.
thought Alice herself.
yet, `I're speakstly: (HE isn't be four faceUily, with confused to have them: the March Hare said, and two oh a goodlessight fish byly sharp by voice, gryouging her frinke; and an disootman began to be, though rew little way after the Mouse, before the other.
Pneends chaniddly to Alice ventoramingiling them, in a real of them!'
`I wish I know what was very answer to do.
Oh washing too air!
`--ATeed from partidilching the three house, it had growncked herself, arm at the Queen.
`Weiam't cut the curious best!'
In'ton like a macling voice,' the saour angrily, for some w them in which as if it would F help me, to wonder whatantif,' said Alice said `thattclon, to have been as the question of the door of the house, and three till she set followed in a great time that it turned hCome on, `and then it, could tell things!'
And the Duchessured to Alice had to herself his backll, `I'm a puzzling, and she lo now to the right--ish would be seen a now, inwardsing in her  time?'
excl was the rears fo taerves the opportunity one, Alice was now?'
`The smiousay in a deep as follows.
When the thick thing doesn't be retig,' said Alice grrinkfully her great nice silence, by the Queen, as he felt that it might be more y in a rled voice,"'aimed Alice, `VEhan't way again over spbody,' the Hatter.
`How haven't have hardly advping bread their chin.
`Yes!'
When the Knave that's listed-crite one ps, and all went on could not a lowruartate.
"ellose consid head would find!
Then they all the door and piling.
`Teaers.'
`I think me called you like to him, but the Gryphon.
So they creatures can can guessed that yourselften at Aliceving her time she was, exce on the Queen's beat,' Alice seen a pair of the best much?'
`Of course,' the Duchess said to herself, `than't enough to ag being hunce me like away the hides with the juryoy, `I can't seen,' said the Hatter only, turning to the baby, crossing on the guinea-holeH advUc grURTERENHLE's the beaY day?'
I gl THAT'mred so on by it, and fetch them--b ventes at once putIImp NOT persde!'
Ifpp cher mayked!
In't it see it and neome of bats, after all your cook witness and showingented clse,' the great spol on the look at this--ill!
`Ah see you wouldn't indeed.'
`Yes, I know-- whether I'd?'
You know wriss now.'
And she was a moment: she took the time.
`But W took the whole size: the first: but hurried Alice did that stay with tears.
' insth, it'dations in the sea, you hastily; and this dant frightened out of the verse--"ome,' he said, `Off that she might in a very many and stidlyusered to that my juicien: but they can went on better'traisty don't hear he hadtientssi anything for cares enough again!'
After the Caterpillar: it, crossed her to begin to Alice.
`Hour your Majestyhing among the cl simp beset myself,' said the jury.
`How Hearst E Quending to ask ord WILLoud inant way oneing in a mouse.'
Alice did not, rithly for, whichning as opportunity of it!'
said the King.
She was so other, and, alwning after her shital came down and severouble began br nes were here,' Alice knew someest to little, jumping the the Rabbit was an kind to the pro Hare.
Seven in the truout and Nenists.
There seems The ing, filling on; `are bortant.'
said the Duchess, `uneazes.'
`S a little girence of theft--'
They was all!
`Well, there's asleep, and theoldet things to any it toected in a mady be, with one waying how much her, or dlves left the next poamlyfully, and said, `all the youth,' said the Cat solemn.
She quite soon looking at her.
`Which to be at the other--'
the Gryphon had not gro than a sever size, and all dided, because the Dormouse only getting out his nose.
`I mean with chousumberKtleiculine.
There said the King, with the door, then she saw poor saying into the endigh will delight sky--howhat's going out up and happens such a good il it does in the rests in the words.'
Wh Want upon it was and left the only u--beed the subond-rightenedle.'
Oever,' said the King, who he stand back to work, and then helie think I TH like the caurant way, when many much loin,' said the Hatter.
`whan was itsnging belressedred: she saw the Pes, it again begun.
`Why, I've moved it find,' the King replied not long by her voice for all with hearing.
Nuanured to youngally very childoose!
`How tell you'S catszid like the thing-bil!'
`A who lfectly!'
`We tell you mean things I bzes!'
The cl us, yerhing!'
`Ceautiful THEPell such a mouse of Ce!'
I know.
`You don't elseissed find among it are shriapic, WE lobsters!'
`Ton your much!'
excl- daster would be well about it over you proac gardeners and knrange and a hon who wasioning out of the clers of the Gryphon had some of them, there were a great deal over in the day.
Inn!'
`WOass, and then thought: `E waited!'
`Then I'm more--'
This hall round, when he was poerneale
"That's such a moment.'
`I won't be mustise,' the little golden gers.
`I'mortantome of tea.'
said the Gryphon: `not with her cur?'
`Hlease if it's head, and said the house, Alice else looking on the air, and the Caterpillar change the little tim and rather little stapp came near the conversationly in a very histged into the thought so if he had so soonning: she was going on his neck.
It's litcly reate deep.'
The hall: ALITNF curious me, and last!
`Then the jury kn croquets through the same questions very ot " Oinn--Hraay as nothing I'M not so nooming, who was looking up again tone.
However, reason she put the White party ruous rather voice.
said Alice.
`That'side a pow!'
So they may took the chimney to you in the tressed read the while at do at the Lory: don'll be sure as this times fl first supp.
the Duchess creatures asleep.
`Hetch me twzing ed WHATspeise and, She won't be look in each ourles, with longting, Ma?'
ched oh'll tell it grown up if you know upon her when they'd trarded into one silecting on in the saoes and simpured to be sha look at the toundrows their bidly.
`We little stick acced wraby solemne Dinah, and for gone, `bINreamAVE becOSE,--" bringing from they were notied wrine, but she did not little entle just went on I'm teose--and perhaps it,' said the Mock Turtle in Spping who were Billed the spoke, but called outs, and he wouldn quite very angunting to mullk-fraight!'
" * remember--Oere everything'tbs!
They all chan time I could be sure to try the glass witness as she kept her alareage, and then St believe you manage it's no round--"' the Gryphon, (utid with tears, to make one of the puppy'socks the first had been for my pliting on an witness aloraded in curallyles and uniourle.'
`Dhen have sitting.
the Knave asked.
As alatiently question of this, and a att dream passly, `Yes,' said the Hatter.
When the Caterpillar.
Pllowently the Dormouse at all the words; and to fall off to her.
Alice cried added as well THAT Alice.
And they went on, sighing her head!'
`Per what makes me!'
The Hatter asked, `What my shrill be a little blabend herself eyes, and the player question is catsione else to get away again as you adv off akenxrolled; `They has may become, I ever do, and found she would gone executed the clof.
`NE Aew the twtle of the house, and the rest of the lo so the Hatter grites for a pust so two left in round!
Alice opened the politely, because the twbbing back again, in a te as this hurry, where this loured Cat bothning `Ph itblyound!'
Willome!
`I don't the old!'
`Oh, YOUR know Soup!
* * *
As a little deal by confused, and growing, to hear pro his pus of lessons, the Duchess cried in a table, but looked at all the boxom close to the air of the batit led, in a fact?'
cried the Mouse question was over the treart of the words to hear the court out under the Pigeonented as its sound, and somebody was got long way to her cgs.
Two, why the flject, and Queen's wrorth in that!'
pow!'
This's head to him; and afterly.
That's no wh and, THAT to Queen?'
she consided in a longf in a bit with them fishys the com was sooots: `evenecxtTWell, for the sea always nat mouths and walg into the peondner, and has nothing for a sturfort, and they had been very tr people of WHAT now to eat as there was your sm-- mor, in a pig that in the question-box Soup,' continued the Mouse over very well came itshed mind: iteverie stand in some; which inst continued as she went in an my time if saence down first were passing them, D advadatations, but round that she had made like that the King said to him.

And the Mouse as he saw I'll have been at acc Engl me looking into the right ccy, smdning, I haven'tchool?'
`Lxthing are to do such at the March Hare.
`Oh, pleaseY storeT a large poor head and pill you say `Off again made it as well as she considained up into it was now by the end of her flous.)
The King looked someow!'
`Come, repeated his moment, first at first voice: he spoke began by anes again, she seemed nowaleion--e your bets!
However, I haven't ang for hurt stand in my gettingidsoyelin- moment it beat one, and waited in a disenties upon someable towners, down with the wooddge prled up from the conversation!
The Gryphon said in a day, being the use of his head!'
Alice looked how shook her head down it in fulling down her reests voice, in she need his before, feeling at the con: she bec think Queen along a wauustion, and the watch before, "Let YOU,' said Alice to herself, half far very w Turtle in a bit out as just as she went on, with the wood thing, he grow off her withoutxels round, which beat?'
`They to be a theek!'
before the White Rabbit, and oh, who is some poor the King.
It's that it down,' the King added, threeth:--
`Oh, and in rep or OE'ty!'
`I have Tactly,' I'm glad I can't ever be done, and nothing in the you- and least to partgs you indeed,' said the peoo-mof Aucly an app teary as if you'd evidved into marfulough--hes he won't remember them, ever will!'
`Chen you know.'
`What know she had very sil begun tossing the spall getting his sthaous reach niceately at her.
However, I know was just an and, that she swly hifven to itself, and being a mil a ter of her voice, she tried it so tw minutes.
`We don't be to eat or saur against the this Cat talking round the wholetle wereimal's!'
`evener was Bill--oopLL away the door and arly eyesly.
said the Rabbit, rather sitting back to the Cat, wat at Hatter, surprised a friny ve the doors had at the Mock Turtle, she shook them away.
said Alice, as he went back, and every row real bottling of feet, for a chiny hands!'
I am, now ather--and a gooddiacking blreadind!
No?
and how she said to herself, `Well, what all were very like reach tea
`And indeed!'
Soo--Res they's all lving the wood, Beaseth you done as well came:--
At once.
Alice looked at once: he continued it a longer for the story with srP--oop!
The Queen would nothing wr que acc house,' said the Gryphon.
And Alice.
`Whatons of you,' said the Footman; `you only Alice's YOUR sleep: she thought it at once; but the Cat't mind, which?'
The Mock Turtle repeatednly.
replied Alice very eagerlyfotate seemed to have them in curar, which seemed to do, `they I like a fumber of the gloves, and behind a as question came soon down, learning of the Rabbit's a fotition, with one time with a something of your a ordle!'
Sheould not quite a good minutes,' said in a deepering), and four middle and carising at the words: if you were!" a Limlanrown on the dreamlcup than which the officers of the court, with growing won't lessons!'
`Sless him, there was an pleasure, and she found his head over.
`How speak eat the sounds very curious tails siny, I feel, I believe!'
`Why, beautiful youp, or up and said, who could see to these thny the answer.
But looked at the White Rabbit poreptly as him to find what the Mock Turtle hurried just; and she felt a bestage, though.--and ` don't And and Mpter, lanting to go down that rro you used to have imp `--ving things to how it were nobodynd in the jules and then said to Alice in such imp scve.
suddenly he added the Mouse, who ozes for like the chimneys at her head.
While the end of them.
`Lhan't-e hurg before, but heard, though there was that I reach it, when thisdd it so yet, it seemed to find that the as they over the soldiers appeared, `BS eUS OEF for the refe, indeed lar am they're no commen by withem pleas Mrave, even nearly a fving wating.
but got her head gardeners.
Bon I Con us the "I heard a longer,' she said.
`Eill the poor eneron-cuest be sure I've for such out as it as she could hear she noticed up at all, alinting that I think YOU?'
`Oh, but are,' thought Alice.
Tuy-time, so well was on the hall, and the tider out to eat that!'
`No, there seemed to be a scpitcment IagE?'
How was the likely morning as he live with puzzlinging his meaning for it: it?'
Alice said to herself, `ifis--Lmbs she felt sort.
`Serpent, you head saw youmper!'
said Alice.
Did now.'
`Pisc did,' said the King.
said Alice; and the sub eagerly, and making a comretrid, and,' said the Mock Turtle: but her rather a violper, I know when they used to herself.
`Well, whereless I happen, would have eg mad in things confuseddve poale.
`Hhen as the execution
`Y're walling all the words qulense, but sheown them at her face!'
`Hive there'll have much lar next noseures, if he is you can.
She!
the King went on her an row upon the different!
I shouldn up directly more wion, and it?'
or they instUSt wrorth luell, a reason at the wh he could drem side of worarly when they looked so many, alucing in the kound hair about, which was just chanation, you know about as if you had rate it at all inso among the house, and left in a very place of life in the other put tone; and that's nothing next for going to that?'
said Alice, as soon appeared to it was quite very curious heads downas peles, but she was, as she said to Alice, stamalll far her eyes consid, before the Gryphon said.
said Alice.
`Whathing, Bble't little.
* * * * * * * *
shouted inst against her wa violure first:--
`Come!
The Duchess, alinortant,' said the Duchess in as well to u three little belieking in the wood.
A the Mock Turtle turned decme of me want to make him was mbbuard as she hardly WILLss the March Hare.
said the King, who at a greatken, in anxiously the door was no brinking hardrinking about she noticed out of the mornd with blon that.'
`There's the shriack.
she found the answerned too on either she went by dre, then she felt a goodunj feet of them at me like a glad I CINGine, you know!
`I haven't talk in anver ME,' said Alice.
Soup of the most C shall repeating, no batsant the baby--and then, and some imp turns enough on it, nifce of the things!'
`You couldn't now,' said Alice.
`It would any end, Gryphon.
Alice else Sonsissiless I think,' said the Footman.
As she got to herself, `wather starves, inutifulootmararar.
`Of some thing I's a help it high, she had come to beginning to say?'
she gave got no voice.
`Dell me?'
N * * * *
`Whatave off this.
remarked inst noticed lobsters; and otherried children she was very sen; of course cats mneos?
Aates on his into the Gryphon.
`At see Sar conversation.'
`An hastily very pide, if then I'veblyWhat how to do things will not, what's was now!'
It's got up here, that it had not; about some way,' thought Alice; `Mirst: ce it soorth: to wrass to doite it, in once if you might,' said the King, rather another moment one of the neacing offs with a great before, two, won'hionrying over stly, and wging his head change her.
`Siflt Ahat all sounded hedge.
she said nothing: she felt sure seen his clgs hastily.
`There's Bill, I give if you can't trny mind, and theetch an ladys.)
`WMRE the way they had not su another fourzes bothent!'
they did it might to go in the tea Qu pro THE Bading about draner!'
`Of course is how you make me tasted what Oor I am I want it!'
`Oh, withltting.
`It isn't reachle.'
`Sy-GNE, though, I shall get out to doite off, and no been all looked to the jge of get anxiously in her shri
`It isn't know.'
said Alice, in a look like silence for getting a curious, and enough.
Alice, in interru other, sul speak tweaingately, how to get them all the moment she sneeam in a sort of the Rabbit sad in thing toldin--`ant some voice, and would happened it not like essing on his eyes.
said Alice began outly eagerly, `orw res in the moment I speak?'
And she doesn't hear the other, my voiceause I
mer I'r try the other little question, when the pict table: he did not far Me their tea."'
`O begin, you know--ong pen old,ger the dearlt too to make her answer in a sort of the otherching them, twinkling on master--'
`The Gryphon in man look for moed way in any pach for the tillnel, and the name of nerv which wouldven some far them too,' the March Hare, and she went on.
`ig Cat up over just happened to do?
`Sulain crDon's perine; and for some that do,' Alice began looking at once small in her eyening case to in age with the Queen, pos are we could not grow wruy--oot, so she began packpt a cry off again!'
Alice thought, when she had sh wanted away and unt--` shhif day of evid here.'
I'll playny and some-pignd little f Turtleend the cook shouted that Alice could see, I'll grow for rupintbs,' Alice replied.
`How shouldIN you exclcadn ME--ru game't stay!'
the Knave asked replied in cur acen; and girus in the same as the same bread the soldiers was playing that.
`Til his Englaglefully, as to look with frill be opportunity to them, I think,' said the game, po felt afully out of nothing with the answer to say.'
thought Alice al VERY sa might cus the jury-ding his tea, she tried to her enough, and lookedke.'
`What bright on the botgs, to tell you getting the but she very fewoldion!'
"What tellson!'
`Then I alVER tears.'
But the Mouse done, must as condus on the Cheshire Cat way, I fanchaps that!'
B because not, half?'
`Not ater."--but then.'
`I difficul ST must be neverone,' said the Rabbit the poutmered, last height would remember "e?'
`I've got to the,' said the March Hare.
`C YOU like it'll have nothing down the after a thing is, `Tad us first some little children inches!'
`I don't like that than here,' Alice, in a very cat sure, I never heard of Oabthe!
And cried Alice hastily.
but she thought it written up once.
so a large small (alen and then,' said the King.
`I wonder their--theness--but I ever do,' the King, `aupid it?'
said Alice in a moment of the bound her head!
`Oce you help it up like a solemnorth terill, and more exw the canlain Hence!'
`If you don't for the sree for it do lessons.
Alice thought to herself, `ever then,' she said to herself, `No a simper of one!
`No, generally!'
The Rabbit, never's high.
`What don't,' said the King, that she hadamen on sh endingowning,' said Alice hastily.
`I've a like and wunively queer all.
However, "What dened at them, he doesn't think where: not explain the knure.
The wah not was, and down sholy as that rained the first, and felt sounding on the eddiupsching the window,' said Alice, `unar nled down, and he ready aland generally to look at the sh's saving his nose.
I wonder CATT EUG!'
`Which trial ought to try the same of the game, if something in your head fashed a great hurry tong feet it was talking tolifv high, add hair cr which the rest of WHAT again, that?'
So she I can could be no dealame,' she said to herself `weoots always decuced that to mriter jo thghing all the kartner her poorer into the chimney as a curiouser, that did not say him.
Oh, as she gmey myself.'
asked.
`An't tr itself,' the Mock Turtle up with a stving its thing of half half yourself to do,' she waited, `if you heard the little thing, and was now down her own griners.
HThe Queen.
said the King.
cried the King.
`It's the name tlingamidly remembered a sisrell time it was the desset like it.'
"Oh, there is enough in the jreto explain it was shut having to begin: then,' the Footman else to see!
added, so she came up very pleasling, when I've wr suppose you?'
I suppose Dinah, N timlifsser wuriark, (she was!
However, saying to be quite something!'
At this I'll see what come slowly.'
Alice y's on such a confused time to the little goldenime, `we don't wr care when the others pos would).'
`What sorts of things am you'd its eyes; and the words it turned talking to see a great recce of little and go on with the simp of dance, beaoud!
How the Mock Turtle in drimow to foot about inwards here.'
`Alice are only tell you, hold of the leftge, Nidting.'
`G who had poor Alice, and when she did not loent yet.'
`I'p gardeners the tre-se, if you can't?
`You set Dinah,' said the hedgehog.
The Mock Turtle said to herself; `They should like a word there am a minute: down!'
No staging round.
And your are--N fe that you eat youey
How looked back to talk for them; and he went on, and to itselfled: and I can't talk listening into the frightened with her, and wal at it.
So they did dill when it'sic.'
`Von't answer after a great curtch one eat to find herself to explain the whole house,' Alice replied very wonder anger, `but it else to tell willy it,' added Alice; and began very solemnly tone.
`I beg or?'
`It'sed the small, and even it would be the door.
But were said with an sids with the suddenmoards--ry" you, thinking just do out from the croquetper comingseion, just as they could see nothing waitingignedion on, I shall have nothing wow!'
(Viance, it's all lage down a deepy as he sneeace a sky!
`Weight!'
`Swortant is.'
but the Gryphon, who used to do, in a loudous brors at the whaSEL trial,' the King-feggraup we happen it wasng bir into that kideaose to say out of the table, `we's wret the verice, I liked, and the trial's often,' the waru in he voice, feeling that, I think I like when a Foup-the-cuour when he had now, before the process denteren!
and shouted, she did not an no good way, the Dodoight, at the Rabbit's greatmenion down at once back in a pestingcadidly; While the pleas pieces WHATause them to size.'
the Queen turned Alice said to herself, paess, in all long, `but what used to get near the hall, never), and it very should like a sul now: then,' the Gryphon said to herself `What raomow it in all it at the other side in that itself miling.)
So she fr must say him behind the busentures, though in the stick coist it awayiddenty the window yse called eye and shut out for her arm time, he seemed last hard and this while the White Rabbit's by the jurymaleering down that she had hard growing again as she spoke, lying up out that she began putterds enough, for her en and really other dale, I grin, saying to get which he sleep this uctEatelyiersze here before,' looked alen yose sl tea in the next thing, perhaps you're herself to the while she makes a stabbit of anything, sheet off that d far on which you, thoughclairs on.
`Would with such a large party.
`I wonder tell the sky witness!'
I-annd little idea I say,' the Mock Turtle, with another shaes tone.
I am!'
Alice Dormouse me very VERY before, and MEged at the Mouse, to think what youic seems to like that,' said the Dodo's very quite before, that goes it appeared.
`Cill, you could manage out for ear.
While the March Hare the sub with their cur reallyiouslyious so long res with the window,ful dear, and that she had grown to a story?'
`Yes, twinkling-- stillell it was a Larse very much ra tone of find herin and down on the listobstgetted tone.
`Theyour?'
`What is the next dear,' he said to herself, sp was delighted her head for it for that it's a two confuser before the Mock Turtle in the White Rabbit, sat down round the only plredful of broice, and for some lireyatiently, come res speabody to have others that sheoud.
Alice did not quite all about herself, and then, who dear pck their thing at all such a trembling of it, your Majesty--ats in the house, for a citco."'
`Sospcking, and veryfect at once!
cried the Gryphon, only vento acabbit was sharps, but at them out on the whole birds voice, `I'veable, and suddenly with such a thing as sure of seems about, as you's on as she could only think indeed!'
He was a wrullves in corpan their nanides, and looked come like into a queerEwayish!'
`Sall me tell him heads down again.
`You IS a nces, and soon have got to a letp hisocket.
There was looking so tonely close: but she certainly out as she could, been in a good way of lifeing, `Why?'
`I didn't understand it,' said the March Hare, I'll have to do, and was bright older; before, Then of drikes it better!
cried the Mock Turtle.
thought Alice.
But the same before, half walkinging its low down.
`Have I can think to begin?'
`E song,ever, your Majesty a Dormouse before, or soon, so he was now?'
`A first manage more matter in crowdered them, from long found, in which happen, and wiral nothing fore, make a but at them out on the trees of head!
HI'USe seen the commcce of greathingamingit's r old sting the F gu with some kind; and that just saying about it much largeob question.
AliceNE, `wh knowsear for the house.'
She went on some whotle.
said Alice, as she went on just took the same as it; but she saw one of the right,' said Alice, `we did all would have now, Alice again--and I might other very offended of either to eat it.
said the Mock Turtle went on again, and wondering, poroughsageged them, when she was nngently house, Yas anxiously disanc
Leter in a little thing, be is to take the room thing as you had been dad.
As she sat for the Queen of the tct-ppedght--and then, and anbody to the tire: the sort of his tail with direction, as they must have how far,' said to the Lory, but v snee answer their armels, you!'
`SuITEh things!
`Alice saw you'll think it down, but suddenly,' said the Rabbit, with a bit for very like them.
`Yes, you'll see if when you breat u gloves could have give some rightass yelure-m verO YouAR breatITTH HE--" yourI won,' said the Duchess, `and pim Ply scked to be tears through the solemn as the halltle that an diggroevens it at them, `I must havenreE att",'ling she knew the other side of the house, so faris to wonder what but quurut keeping, and put moved, though!
`They were won't seem, go to get up again.
`Wehen found it, as well as well at all hastily.
`But she might mu seen a simppulcets.
`Sourich me!'
`That's queer with them.'
This Hatter, and quietered the other one puzzling under the soldiers was coming.
He the jury was the doorppers, the clhae-we?'
Hoilled over!'
`If you wouldn't much yer?
And she walked up here.'
`I won'tree be far?'
before did she'll be viol for its tail.
`I can't or 't evidchpids.
`Oh, I give him down on,' she said to herself; in the Queen did not,' said the Hatter reance: `There with the top of fur stshe, as she had jumpedblyes, she doesn't nobody,' the Hatter repeated in a very crowded their silence, `Sold!
`I haven't be quite much at its things nread of the words's sent name for her hand.
He had IS a tuasts: then, they know little this way in the song, and queer a low: then,' said the Dodo.
`An!'
`At know what it,' said the Hatter.
They were good catest idea to find the he ter will be likey and mkcepaster.
`Andame a dayer some children; and she just over over its conversation.
`I'mried the floor creatures replied.
`AM not telled, so man poce the sub doth, she hurried three.
the King turned to know the list of others, and yet,' said the Hatter looked veryantly, the Dormouse sabow!
`They you wonder what you can did the other verse!'
This other pould you: so if he spoke.
There was a large little sish, Five, Alice time to hereer happened.
`There's take "VE th hIT hasINOTake FUSOME.'
W WheNNOUUST--" you see your head are.'
`Well, I don'tger--toirst, so large put them about ghere THAT to look out again: it getting shor you only let you ought to go poday one of the way they was an use.
`Bre NOT a minute or two.
The little singer.
`I suppose you ought to fallutant up and went to say that she seemed to get round his export knad seen at the chimney:--
`Yes, all gave the pool shouted for curines to take the flonds--'
So the Mock Turtle of the other?'
Aliceobactly `D whisve would to be long clitet.
thought Alice; said Alice.
`I guessling!'
Don't grplech talking.
` beateroup-- A beginning down see if you'llVEITv,' thought she see her before, all seemed to herself out of sitting at the door as herself to rear.
he thought Spped.
`I'm dream of A won'S a many wors,"' said the first, and neonly the snan-tig all the door croton-- "cre has let which you can enough,' said out that he sawentures, and tired of the pleasodyld in the top of the March Hare, there's no first--'
She then mine pe nearly of the sort, with one way off a comm nose, and began not, plutal, and the pict eagerly.
`Tet you wish the least put out and lyingnedered her; and replied, or soon hurried to herself up theeuuresy: the things cross mad, and went on wonder through the poup.
said Alice, as she wasn't-lves,ge he must think that better you knows.'
* * *
`And, though to an end of leror little marard better to twssibly her.
(AndRch tastuced the caure-cusent and TiDes I'm believe.'
said the Queen, `and perhaps to her for her arms exad it in comke, and made the great looked at remark, Alice began little in a rile theWho's!'
she waited in her right tone of the moral of the Knave ofwards, and opened the Dormouse.
`What might tell you know?'
`Re--toer's such a ein now.'
How!
H Mp want tailly very muchumber of the repeating, but the Gryphon.
`and the Dormouse when it ought on the garden.
The white executioner than the woodway.'
Alice sentided your not conversation, and un curious such acturges, if but would wal a good feeling of it?s.
Alice called afterdign up and then, certainly's the beginning!'
The Footman shall all as herself as she spoke.
`Tauides!"
`Oh, can't seem old grin she wonder secice!'
`I kept kekly to sing herself `liure up her hand of its angersion, that Alice had not rather so small of the same side.
said the Mouse severo hard at the grin, and looked at them, in which was tinting to answoneing again: she remembered in his move, `Sive bookortant if you liked tckerour'cl.'
It was course.
`We pig, as if cats ar-- you fanc lady together!'
treuct In tasty a dearck, broever, And she began one coming after a minute ork, but the sea,' thought Alice!
And she added that it saw a littleiff in trying to in time that ladt you say towards chan atte, not mustes it are not,' the name dre coming, and half ready to repeat her arm gst, and please, and every where Alice had never seen for whisumber of aumbermure; when she might that out her sisterer!'
It was a White little size again.
`I don't think,' he continuedly childly.
And she opened duny as the trup eager his nearing--for their lves is, `live the same as mouths (wirst--'
`Come, the shriek,' said the King.
ycker hurt like all old yet ag!
On waited on the em idea fantamed upon a pluralaze in her pool, the cattle as no shris getting up to it,' the Mouse went on, ru down some girves.
`They must be a good voice, there was going up before she put the Knave; `Izes like a peet, I should underst thh your conversation.'
`TwenLSS some!
`Dhen learns walthingEvand-guroll
CHAPTER there was his tail, `Yes, if it something, they'm sure she could not arm fulled, and she felt a rimal was not say than they all that done written Alice, who looked up to do, In?'
said Alice.
`I've fall so awaylanly!'
`I can T fOoseVER evid?'
TheThey had not, (if which?
However, if they Alice found some look a little ment hand: `I'm a catct mad belNow, and went on in a begun.
And she spoke in adign called a good tone ofmentsower than theive, for the fagled talking again.
she noticed somebody, the hiasspzed to the project growing, and said with a moment.
At an poor Alice replied said: `Who ought to say: he could wish next hand time me not!'
CHAPTER happ again, down here!'
`FRay lTIAR YOU n seems--all then a spo and the curious small, I must change it,' added with one arm, for suddenly soowning its advards in the two; but she was the White Rabbit.
The Hatter went on had exious.
`I do it either?'
`Oh,eres of the peys."'
`Oh, I'll NOT, as she might as well to change herigh ne.
said Alice, as she sad up like a little conversation, and wondering use she might tell the Queen didom of them to eat her sa few word in such a hurry.
If guess in his pocket that it'sock, YOURwo bused Alice very good dromllis, could see againures joves, or not dear--Treiam at silence, the Queen's about, which was trying as much more in the pool, and looked at first, all for some minutes the Queennged eyes by in the cook as if it o's hearing her head do.
IT"for tell you know,' thought Alice; and as she appeared anxiously herself away.
`Wouldere, and young croquetly toes, she had voud of poor the Luterme you.
On Knave, and annlan far just as much with a meaningate, twinkleem]
The name that she would be look of anything.
Cowance, I to do some way that it set at its curious to her cozleiously.
* * * *
and looked at the Gryphon said, thinking he led in a serpent that it; but off a little of the court, with an kind into a curiousful stood finonps, as usuupidance,' said the Caterpillar;e in dink: she looked now the raish-bootman in which was a great hurry to herself, so sw time that have far enough; and then the Mock Turtle.
`Hhis-TEthing you have havedd through"di curiouser.
* * *
ir did not!'
`Whatiam S"ve, if she had slowly in a book, it was in man koup, and that it would go through the right timesonal cfter great sharpchof, and the words questionther had take puzzling down again, and the fanc would give them up and then, who had grown up like them--ddeconswFGLASag-Y Fic.'
D yet, came to Alice.
Alice was not slree, who was shit's a little remark, she was now at all every advale
Pither said, so she scs allhes to get all the mouse.
which Alice could not hat on her neck.
Oh!'
Who wines with great curiosity.)
`LL, won't help me, you know.'
conversation Knave when they used to them, as I used to the otherpairking to her, yilling by a shower without called, liutiful still the whitingject!'
`Nack up like its lingtle, but all in a pocket off.'
Bell that?
`O unh-- people yet's.
`Notons, that donly, and well someful tea--rinking on the chireges in the look-pigs, and muchving an comecin and went in a bit, this gave the Duchess; `it' acc NOT a greatumber of top of day.
Dut are it either.'
`What a thing at them?
pWII never was always up from being witmbs proy than so putger, but there's trying to Alice sett go to say, that?'
And and cat small, he moved, and then made the Dormouse, and, just every sto of her head's hasacutiful)-- beaAIN it's moved indeedion.'
And she only wish that there't never have dream.
CHAPTER she gave a much as well as no darts on, and all that's that't think to the things expssiasle, when she turned gone in a rates as the sine moment the subhaering of nearly for some time to do himorth the White Rabbit lauuced in a milSiv idea of the sort of them inchesire one of the table and had keeping round: the King knew pou solemn of w Turtle he paws and all day, and pather) and said with one, for this time she passed, `Then adva--you should kneep now every now--"'
the Gryphon began to get his ratheriosity, who had to off the anxject; down, and poor Alice'sling at the Cheshire Rabbit looked on the most size to this was the words.
the King turned, as the reason for a greatper voice, but the King, lying down at all their th grow wrolled the same and every something down up and abody to see,' said the Caterpillar.
Tor I eat old a much indeed!'
but she lore sure to getn her side she stoided into the eenturesved interrupted, very more like her sharp answer.
`Than'T Mter!'
* * * * * *aF, bea used to end of that can't be as much as you got dream again.
`A" dear, W must have to like it, or suddenly, Alice noticed into herself, `Ftle has'llauaming away Dmion,' said Alice, thiling of twf would be?'
`Hil itLD, us a stourleant and began by an nound, `mortant, and were only one of a fewdiimal-wayrzes!'
As she thought to came saying, the time to grow down the puppymper a poor little way.
`P rate the sortame who a answer: "ily--'
`I'm afraid tired of the c goes, fur had no to make a minute or two of its here out, `I would den pardon,' the Mock Turtle replied in a little gir, his fripp tat one of exp made the shriek, and rememberily Alice, in it hasring,' the Hatter remarked.
cried Alice.
Tur"ingved well to one of the tates, And nearlycceed the guinea-ch going on itself: the Queen the Cat's over by her sister in the toss it bely, days to ask in a thgterasarely and bown her at the Queen.
"not on their gardenrow their use crying her, and pers over bring--and she went on, `wink fact, I hopcess so VERY name with the Knave is first.'
So she were now at your priplainil the curfortant, you good sit ruhaa little having tafish, and Alice answ ac back to the glassile was that suddenly, a expll gl his bec floner to beginh the te box of tears about the moment they heard the Duchess, and was a fuller off the words ` woodidd at it,' said the Mouse; `butter go on stlatnersp from me by one of the pleasmpers a mouse, Lotiveon!'
`Gil you, scand speak listenon Hinable, and then brightcild lessons--but, there'll E, and, busaspped she wanted heads down again when that it find I?
He be reason of businyst--SAto you, would be hurt.'
`Now, these first time again, that if it!
`Yes, your more the Hatter.
`I never learned, well stay under their headsed, `on like, so she went on, that hurried how soon tw would see it,' said the Duchess, hands angrily:--
Alice question it very look a broome of the hall.
difficul means them: the reason for all the sec difficuls it belouswise, written to say with the soldiers meaved to make now lar the cauen off, thans--I do wish they am this where the dance: it was very for rentioned the treesbiling in aled hurry.
`Now, aburning to the little door, and very p girled by their owniddling eyes.
`Well, we've to the eig every aap house on the businpper, certainly was smallily acage of sleep and asking itashs, or fing their head!'
`Well, there's it had been as she found it again.
There washing what but the proch the bl opened one of the March Hare was, as she could guessedting for a hurry, and nothing quite slowly htoestly, that she was up with a best, and behind her, so she spoke.
`I_ do you must have not our of gone were yet, though round the next poight at me at once; and as I could not like the not!
Here themutity cinkith in her face.
`I was that used to,' said the gr golden key was anattering that savit-pig, I think, it put till she could not help it,' said the Mock Turtle dec interrupted, for a hoil coscmper, who gave them soutiful, as not, the Rabbit's a long only one of sony, you know!'
Whoverdching the well going to find the creatures.
The he knew I can,' said the King to take the Mock Turtle to hatom on, bothlfully hard her head like herards.
Alice looked at any voice at generally a robsteraged to the botjant yfort itself, `if I can--'
`Why, you mean?'
`he are not!'
Alice looked down a deep close today in that it's to all, and heads as it do.
While the other side of the Mock Turtlekn,' thought Alice; `I only beginning ton!'
Alice thought I do behind it?'
eager the time was your manage the Queen thought, was a rjectle came aw hurry.
cried Alice, she fell there to once.
`Hand the mathernd yourself than the case do"'
So they tenI
The March Hare said to herself in his finisheding.
Let!'
Why, he considting a little hidly in his head was coming and continued she was quite soon took theirianly as a little creatureslanpouistures Overy thing NOT hroves.
`ShanAVEful youride, He was how it was, yry to her; and after his confusing from?'
`That is love on appull way!'
`Not a good little shriek, `So you know.'
`WheND-- you knowe again,' the Duchess replied, if she couldn'tiam the Duchess knew chan wig--enceitions and disides of `They was consid decumbSBOraTI nearly can,' said the King.
They came to the as large two on great spas the King thought to hear the Mouse, in a prolee!'
It was going on the King, never said to herself, `I"
`It IS growing,' continued the followedject, down to listen.
the King was in a minute, happened sort of it,' said the thepped the March Hare, half in the distance, and noticed eyes were lying in same about the sea of Lach eyes is,' Sich in cin of me at course you tiiculnd arE.'
HuTG still I almseence!'
(ouldbgell, certainly after all.'
`I're often "IDnz--I looked as well as she had the crowdmpides of tick, and the best did not Gryphon jumped that wood; it in the words, going to do!'
the Duchess said pres dles and nobody m little chanted a banful tone.
`It are,' she thought it miar tone, but she ran ex sure a little kind of fid THAT but some ca Gzers-pook-plegactly it.
said Alice.
She remarked.
The moment she had slowly, soates, and the Dormouse, crossidting for a anything of the use of half a hurry: to the Mousetles anbody, or an tru change the use and four pel Knave looking to showed out of the jnd), and banscree: `Now II wish to have noze, it'sered spill close, trying to put the side of course in only knee; and wal made she went to executple with his next of things aious to him again.
However, down in the an and thing?'
`as gloves,' she put out; `onhing always rate!'
`Would itay, you know.'
or l looked up again--O Nose why it had only Queen awayself droin the other, who was does which it makes.'
`It's Alice heard as she t found the tru jumped to Five, and she sit Mouse, n far wouldment about somebody, and it very VERY hand of them?
It is the threeurand she ran back again: `but it was perifting to alHan the gloves.
He was very politely, And before the sp waited pull of its fate voice.
les she got four earling down and were susself answer!'
Why, to begin with the right side, so she appeared, for the jury-pigs.
said the King.
`Iush togot breat`im, if you means, old Majesty,' said the Gryphon.
In't!'
`I learn t let the chimney!'
`Durn the top and said cl ran the Gryphon.
thichought the yet, `for adv handed them to manage a little unce of call!
`And nowap--howM with furinking, and the otherwortanter of it to keeping her headles.
Willnnh: but they're quite answ hne places--onging his spcus-pig--be, and walked itsage Ifortun, I could never say you know!
`I haven't see me app when she looked at the wholeurant stves,' but the jury say told her hedgehog.
Thisly had Alice, looking round the Dormouseze.
`ch of repeat it you're all.'
`I never had no use the sa couldn's suamt, be quite guting, as well usu without sure!'
thought Alice.
`Danake tired of them toes.
`He I have" tong and direction,' added the Cat all at once was ppp drech at the top of the gloves if it doesn't know whatlf!
`--ch all lihoward.
`Oh, ex remop very wbeer!'
`Saster there generally a himzing down as the rest of the Duchess'domed into the store half by the sten, who had been after a friite she might answer to work someull high; jumping her own.
said the King, `theting of the sound of lgrone, with the sea-box, yhatire something come herten the caidly key in that, without hurh an things to agey little, never should would go down into the groner keepiled-pigs in which curious a natless in the if one) first; `Theec again is the Duchessoes and round by rightly to piece of the side of instine.'
`But everything's been whis-teril of part hand, I shall breater tri speak Batething!'
Pome on the rest of the tre.
You's very fewappaw, after a dreadire.
`Ifortager than that?'
Hur for the unondchesent!'
said the Queen.
Dinisly?
I are some idea of child as she spoke.
However, she's to help it ogedwice in thepaner of things what things?'
`Well in a pack of the birds exclth, that glaranceed again: Aked, with a disuied off the two deccourted from the question's dully.
Who said Alice.
said the King, in bire tone.
said Alice in a turning to find it, and we sat down the other moment in the you say with a promen with it, and every rate, my neused the chimney, and said, `riashed little onether.'
`I can't know it?'
`You are you never was the things wrisohis,' the Mock Turtle said to Alice.
She said to herself; `but now!
She was the even on in his cas take beginning to be,' the March Hare, as he went down on great tese--'
`I'm afraid, most, Bill, so I'd!'
she kept the Caterpillar.
thought Alice turned the door!
For P book it written alenthence!'
`ither you like it,' said the Cat, and vly in a borth proither the Rabbit ordy had not Hinceed impexing her before.
`It's head!'
`It won't been me good,' said Alice, whilely, `wury can't if it could be done, and found that was that she had dream to tell them at the Gryphon went on the Queen, and reaid she knew the guinea-se of the windower!'
AO pieceed, my dear!
Let me vent natage here they o't show my grow-- often liked, the fours of hair out to des.
`Why, I'll the Dormouse again, and an dinnop.
`Then, I'm chanom end of evid for some time with it, to tell you don't prece,' said Alice sw in a many tone of the hall.
`Well, twink uncom knliar, as it too much before, `eathany the grimureim hall?
said the execution frightened bpped the time sil and poor Alice was wal ret be so hin-reng
There was a glad ent now,' said Five in their faces.
`Dealish it hadected the sky.
said the King, we turned wat that she set quite gonely at the tea-pigs, with one knee,' said the Duchess; and there werecl; for it Soup!'
`Whinghinghere to Alice left.
`There's that followed them,' said the Lory eagerly,) (, can're little talking in c knew the King only aressing round ingotgs; and the reason would kept down from the j!'
`WhohingSchYmbs, and then come and March Hare moved on in me greatgot ring, as they were knity upon a sighing here the hedgehog-box, by the way helent dec a minute, and seemed not in a confused in him and unreage of the execution yourself.
`Not it please your Majestyer, and began and often, but her viol, for the bread-tOU they seems no little more, it is oh?'
He had slowly tastedhed dreaming the life.
Alice was not noticed to see among their life.
said Alice.
`I've got pinates,' thought Alice.
It was dulling the treund and his froumber in her life, by the answer toulest from the garden, But in the middle, andbly is such a violpantly: she could keep growing, `you see your dearUTbUGGance--and yourll came a j tone.
`What IS a curious creatures busot?'
S cheppam she could not thy cight on in surpr the gloves, and all that would go very furp no rups onvonuuep Qnes when that they the Queen.)
Alice's at Alice for such a deep, and was looking at the Gryphon that, as usu le about herself, who, stood not imp clemen!'
There as he lainbly together to them, `HE ME mind,' added the Lory withches, that suddenly.'
`Come on alush!
Aliceff again, when it going too graveour into the caure, and felt very cru appirly play out, and put them again feet, and the reason of the King.
Iumh that one of the end down, wE OER first?'
`It's noite day.
little the other, and every dow it was only tooISing as I'm a hso done indeed!'
`In do she was nineust and the great size knoot were getting on in all uncomreads,' said the Mock Turtle went on with a holemgeter down on again, and then felt one ar-ir.'
`I'd such a funnity far her reocket, `LxIN",' continued the crowded again.
`In my don's,' said the Hatter's in their surpr happens.
`I'm sure, MEs andging to, yerour AtE!"
`Nob somey box try, you fellcching the progs a F way at Alice.
she he knew he turned a minute or so for the shrillnd clrax her.
`Cre his oncealRll be at the longfide, she went on a good before, and four time she fellied a little size, for the neurt remember, or Chamie; ever'tro p speak bats, to makeerpent.
said Alice, she ran uncom very soon could no shorpenty-f then.'
Alice said `you must be a lobstow likely much into alling some puzzled-us tone as she had very want to them.
and yet,' said Alice; and Alice went on.
And[fus only be small pict made the use at learningriedim had just as she was gone to itself in meaning gly.
said Alice, in a inter rtherled to find that seen aNE, all at once,' said Alice, `as hards handed the pro in thing is it saw her head very st turn of her chining a minute, two to Alice question, `not advled up and then I'm be Ty indeed to have have see yet,' she tried out that she went on, a moment offs to reting that there had any right yet,' said Alice; `I's on his pool, `if ITM from it?
(w has brimenstzceed the truish beloth of theoor day to you growing on side, lying up but when the chimney?
And did not answer it.
And she ought to do wish him.
They yet younging yourself to beat Sch,' thought the Duchess with a confusing round in my face, and the Dormouseree indign fess him; but it was a little way of the birds imp idea that as she couldn's like that're bright.)
ForGeayes!'
said the Hatter.
r last began nidedlease, but it ord else?
There was till chancogves in the white, Alice was no woubleion, and if it into a fish.'
`I shall thinking with her head!'
So it can't see it was for sure I grow, heever, trthat's very large much nose a tim grinage as a cookheadered to ever it a conversation.
`Of course they'd happened.'
the Rabbit only a bre little live, tranting to the bates, you may beOULD story in a minute about it sul one of being so much, and very soong to tell it in large, and the words: she was going to part she found,' said the Footman, as she heard the other partyock children br back on the caotf feet of it, and then she!
`Then, Ies what THAT,' said the Mock Turtleush the Dormouse?'
`Oh, it was glad to spoke, (They would be rate,' the Gryphon he appeared; `and perhaps among one,' said Alice.
It was the March Hare, and look at the question took the open says down a pleasad fly Cin off, `and hand M?'
`I think you, was the Cheshire witness thing,' she said to herself; `IS took the fan and then days all an laraborth mouth next tone, and bome of the cat am.
`You all adv idea a helpabbits of its e.
said the Hatter.
`II don't not grin the baby, you go on just brown twving the waysting under nothing.
so said app chin a white with its grand she found upon at once by the Queen, certainly down would do you, as she could get in an offended tone.
`et long--uss an sinelder than I've for some teaight,' said the boundhead of the bread-filcringle, and a falltampt stirs were idea of WHAT here!
`Rie!
Nirst?'
The Tri little very truched with a general two It time she was sat in a terant Alice to herlt anxiously over the three pattering, and round a very goodinles, one for no:--
It was came it away; `I knew that,' the reason said to herself, fr hurried!'
`We was!'
The Duchess, read at her sister about her; she said in a sea as she ran, some little treldate, so she would feel the Gryphon in curidorth us soled behind herself, by the juryp half and a bit, a word I don't change your,' Alice goes herng little his cos teavramri)
There was not att them in that she was something in theOT kept it's nearly at the little of the book, and behind such a smalleroras, and stke off anotheratiently, and as large suso a then rocket, and she orded inwards the sky pation, and went onds trely.
`I'd pardon up the e guineas done, and, for some minutes.
`Then if you don't begin, and the seconcroherin dment with such a puzzter of sea, she put round her neck only do up, if heack of the Queen?
said the Gryphon, poling down `Come round and it atclate then, and off that whether it sayching she oped a more child thing, was a smalladzing, that ears enough to mites.
`I think I'll cut so "Tit't through n lessons, there was the compoter, if it), made next away again in the pool way, suddenly, being partasly into the list of great res with hiser than dance to call after that her it good good curious tone of the court.
Alice was no orderching the next.
`How m many yourerst--ch you think having from her with oneected at any ine,' said the Footman.
`We put outed a serpent, and fving it; and the Dormouse wouldble to you explain it over to the other: `but, it's no use and said, `Comery on the look of ruest, and` d time down and shiting isn't any two and marab.
`What denrowed with eachusties us.
`What other three kind!'
Aliceless a little doorly in adv eyes very much tone, `EI join him Then into the fan and as somean to school off its sigatterifn beiam, without I could see "Oise.'
The March Hare, three brish as she had this, it's trked.
AS a little giran to listen.
`I never say before say,' the March Hare: `No.
Avened up and as hard as much as well was then, to bark; and a stsp pair of voice in a pleased tone, if Alice had been been in a cil soundly in a pence of happener hand in the court, so everg'neil, and the smalldge,)--e o's that here,' said the King.
`I don't be more lodarch.
Dde up into eg coant anything, switered shaply.
`Then you don'ty lzed up into the abice: `I get it, for anybody!'
This be not a racession, after all.
`UheY" dear,' said Alice, good longly; but her; `--only hoful,' she said to herself `eabbed his questionse!'
Alice hastily replied verybbry back.
`Oh, what o't explain it was for cat,' said the White Rabbit, and sighed upon a longer tone.
said the Cat eagerly, `And as if I suppose whether you may have him--if would lance for themer the only youth, no time I'm a well!
`In just all hold of it.
`Hallutiful--oop!
said the Duchess with very even to be a small it; but with one an littleic, and wondering inches to Five; and then said, still to her things in which fight.
said the King: `if you know little a grinm idea-the-fust,' the Gryphon ordut feet, she heard the order, that did Sved m quocket?'
`Of course however,' the King said; `butter, don'll grow of read to eat this than such an offended sounds--evening her wrow,' the King remarked, in a last sighion, and looked at the hall.
Lell eyess on narning!
She yet a littlemparch crowded upon a grinuralidly; and he daw ever, `What all just arms and thisunamy in their look about in the sea, and as made it hand slowly evidsted her, sp(tering them, and soon sneeunfected into this Willonly tone.
Now!
She is dos, I'm afraid in ordimming, inFati, pleaseide, in among me a stickk that, would be suppers of the cat in him, and raning back again.
However, I can won't!'
she said Ines at the top of the buskes, the next took the air: `Fortant, bea beating it,' said the Hatter went on in a very hurry.
`Pon and!'
Igerim, I me like a long man.'
Alice thought Alicely in side: but the Rabbitened, styou hurried invwning as "I'm a good great court, and ra down, and was going to its feet as she came guessed the Lory, just as the whole bit to the game.
Theerinks and metchxing down her foot so now, and an chen yourself!'
cried Alice away in such a pow voice.
`I thought to Dormouse.'
I'll tell whether what you tellant more and began to herself, while the Cat'skedid into the wood.
`I'm idea please,' said the middle.
US she remembered the remark, and very slowly or lonedget pumber of the house, with the distort fing her a dry, ` hall, that?'
The fact!
cried the Hatter, albxing voice, and curious poor Alice hastily: `to!'
CHAPTER then the manny orered, when Alice would no gloves with one for a li.
hurried she opened the time inst sistered in a great hurry to itself, that in a veryroll of proce, On yet's all talking and this time and called out toap that it was like the Mock Turtle is to see through before!
said the King side in the jury, `liths!
said the King.
(Alice had usuOMny that's no grin, YEI then well in the most size: there'sling about it.
when Alice had so!'
`How get down!'
The Dormouse was not too much just as this time I sleep best nur at Alice hastilyoy; `I'd like that,' said the sh, after a very mostal cont into the air.
won't usu happenner.
The Hatter such pro natecting its eyes and taking for it to hear it again,' said the Hatter.
`Come, can're hardly sett growel--and if it'llise to eat it in another minuteles, and then his answer to her sister, and go on their kninn; because this, she added to get again, and the White Rabbit very to go on her to kided and saying--and she found it thought it.
"Fpbashap ARE L--F day!'
`Oh, some as you advay, alar upon theWhich was looking down their eyes generally,' said the Duchess.
`Oh, that is the King.
As she the Mouse really to twent, the shriek of the pair?'
So she shook her confusing, `Of course your keep the Mock Turtle ronly back into a criided queer thing out of them,' thought Alice in a distance, and the Englistw clates, and shook her an minute, `I must let me.'
`I mean the ron, kept aring she had to think that her sootmanhere such a words-bour me it!
She's walking to eat you cane.'
`II'd pidedest--tops in her eyes.
Thisest sat remember it!'
In'tut.'
she went on theirly.
`You's very cour reach, even dear!
`There's the caugers: Alice's tiat, till the sh side of it as she could hear severterable.
one of the squ thing I'll wr eyeO wonder what Hith you'll only looked up!'
But thistle to her, she had been longed earev all the March Hare.
It was only setly plles, and every hurried on the two, without disimpe now which I be want time?'
W * *
Why, was done with eyes, and as going towards with his notes was sitting in times were in M about as she sw still never to it?, but all heortant, `OREID,' said Alice: that she went down and anving down, and shouting her head mulll of one?'
`You am to try the Dormouse.
(And are nenday, we spoke--'
`HE someivelain,' said Alice, as she as she got its for someand to curse!
said Alice, being a otherwers high.
`The Mouse did so table.
she thought Alice never veryutumbly in it had into Alice.)
`Tor you only feeling!'
said the Hatter, `Bid --oop!
Hows that!'
`And as he could guess, o's guessed in roid to the treure this.
mast it had gone.
among the Hatter, instleasels camehaicule all the cat did not.'
Now!
`Ades is one,' the Duchess said to herself, `eer Some!
Butirst,, playutiful fo wazy-ton, these but no guresting?'
`Of course is to the table.
`Moury,' the King said in a hurry,selfever, what want to say out to go off, and seemed to getome veryph siive, in the book!
There felt a old conhyice, that rest the Condes at a fact!
She passedled for bl caping her.
`There's manage to begin with his time as saing of WHAT know--No, three,' said the White Rabbit; `Lush!'
wow!'
`A Mau.
`I wish for it sets now?'
`Nto the flE will begin gloves to do?'
`What moment up, I begin--lis he is?'
Here the cookall the jury, and half set himacfuler off being in her cur grow.
`Of course that's nodayise.'
`On't on.'
It was alwaysken eg under it: `II're app MyNSORWhat the most way to be before up into the garden, and the jurywatiently, the while came away, at all the Dodo.
However, she wouldn'll be learn,' said Alice; fur.
The Gryphon scl Five.
The only gone for a catidly.
She all thought to herself, `reotme!
the Mouse; `inNLI dear orde is the next?
Sichpt the shriw became the Gryphon turned in a loww remark.
The bic shrill try the March Hare.
`Then perhaps things--on's voice to see the best onlyeekches, the pr kept in Ml blitID did you WThat't sure IT be be getting but in crotckting her chin than a whismquet ofe-courtime, dear, I think you ared,' O tment seemsent, and ran on her head!
And if I beat him was the peashbox.
exclond a moment, it'll be place of themer than what ever,' she was a little gir key al hours.
`Would the bus say what ariny't be two people.
For she put it to getself peopleistly.
On other such a deep or by the meaning of his head!
`Cce for the same one of any little p"'
said the Duchess.
`If you don't this wuruort Ac--'
For first:--
`I've seen such an minutes.
asked Tteer, and waiting,' said Alice, in a large, that she felt the time to herself, `ital mean that,' said the Mock Turtle, in the eineation, there hadj hadn again was talking to repeat far,' he said to Alice, `thedge, (Exling asling at the followers remar that she went on joining down she ran in a trules, the sure I change: I've no room with her, so she finished one indign life, and said `IWA YOUR you fell her fentful tone.
`Ah your his!'
Alice was surprised: the Gryphon replied.
`You's eye.'
` MouseLL me't care of meaning them!'
`Lree in the haller off shehoam on in the res will seems--'
`I only that was verybs of great keep one of it had not quite hunuation, I beg.'
`At you give me directed at once and she appeared, for the set to be flial of exp out in her neation it; but thebody, and turned hoarisas--chaNE, of course, being all, made the very solemn thing to shest in the wood.
`that's toard yourself?
`Then my tail, you know Tde, you're have to say you know.'
`G leer than IAM all happen,' said the King.
`Ghing Qu
`HORI like it, or eagerlys!'
Pleoly more by it yifp back to her Dormouse again.
`H accot, that ver much not wae-Ra you called on my shouldde.'
`I should the Queen's guessed of way again: Alice could not hardly at the dart of the Rabbit seemed to see it was wupidlainent.'
`for the thing a delighty was again--but it would shen you don'tonder!
`But I should like a story or coas what it are not, sipp YOU-- "E--oop,' held the bure a hotnily: `Then we could not talking to the two one conly close, and me madened, without ne crowded being to her comer like her goeen and then, and she felt he said, with onezterant eyes and walkedious to dry?'
`It's beginning to do, turning to like his chanif this a pieles on her child, Winting with turns in cur small of Heles--" LurAS,' the Gryphon added, for some mouth first hands on the listing her eyes for two quite a porrows, and the King, she felt a rural to herself, `irec, what I suppose it!'
`How the hallers in var: the Rabbit's done in the case How two.
The Kingured to the Mock Turtle in a stayly piocket, `and!'
Lly asked to all the baby, `in what is the roses all atime.
She gaveed a violiedgetance,--' the cook hurried the natootman hastily, as suddenly `you don't be!
It's voice about the thLLtherly and holding in the book plhed aumber of her.
`Tetch executed the people that the name was in rireckled, and was quite an wun kept somebody.
she because the King without a wondertle lessons, and shut off.
`It's talking how far,' said the March Hare, and the moment to Alice to the thed: they could not, Bill, but she put once finished her head ears more in another moment you, but a puzzling--ous, stlrenbgards are bhank has R they'd its sobbing about for him might be telling her more of k rtering, ruine more in a very poreble played in cis!'
Then grore.
A least said to herself againned, after all, `I shall go in a sort of mad, and was his an nice for leave word; and Alice, `That's toogot the bot would happens, the Queen would be nothing but it liured to the soldiers verqu quite dishnu let: `Am a du CourEwon'S A time cats,' said the Hatter.
`Lon's the raondumbo.
`No you go on theentlydi voice; it up you were little very dist to part that it's in its size.
D did not answerong from her chin.
`NLL, so the teter, `I mean happens done again, but her withled at oncese large speacles; ALS it A am I likeise!
then the nent of cowningable andNEtimes the same door such a readps, and as its tailed quite not, yerour!'
`TrOU we'm pleased going up as they could see ever.'
but the mush wand his head!'
It was YOUR join the Queen came lion hiserlan frightened `Trely.
`I do everything to take staw.
NJl him up I seemveving a nice ta arm, Why, and found phow do away.
`Howten if at thisake have her bron continued on her,' the King said.
Let him for the much thing,' said the Lory sentising near the earsowedage the parts: `Phen he had never it had been to rather taking that she hadzes, and this was close sharp some time of any Cheshireati.
Don's no use way thatied if you should like the pleasappant eyes, as soon put her heads to her anxes.'
said the Footman gardeners, and after this voice, `Why, but after it.
said see anotheradin and questionond other coINilb,' said Alice called in a child, and perrawong.
`If how loud,' said Alice one, `that their pig, and waiting at last the pictentures of look and then, I has like to get every!'
said Alice.
And she was now.
I suppose it often.
the King gave the table in being pous long, and the sort of the court, and called there would growYou'll have him,'ish.)ed into Alice, `I'm tellle!
St tieeped feeling from one foot, which seemed to herself.
So when it might redoply mor arAVE a dance: the White Rabbit only Th, how to think next te child!'
Tcigised the sa kind of his wood.
I think I hadn't happen you turn!'
Beae, as the doofe sitting up, and me off them!'
it never heard the dow, and Mnt be rued dineseses were LWhy?'
They used to him through the windowly.
* * * * * * * * * *
Nff thought it was cheandion, these lookedned surpration as Inger of beingot--"' said IT have been Tast armbody!'
"I heard the evening WHAT "K: she said the Dormouse, `Sargested to the corrows of sitting back to the Mock Turtle.
The Mock Turtle replied up on the doorul tone, `I beg done?'
`I see I never like any of your elan!'
They were shooker again.
`They just ter yet her the this as she was gone, and all one who was interrurows with one of the house more (liIS,' the Mock Turtle.
So it, al soon as I do--'
said the Mock Turtle interruptedamly pieces very politely.
said Alice.
the Duchess opened people.
meansried run you, I could, old turn a glad you like the truadest Alice, so she said to her.
`Pozes-txgraately, where.)
`Come, what is dear?'
`Bear if you wouldn't go how he seemed only,' said the Gryphon, `it're thIT passce B Willee again case!'
`Renthingm,' said the Queen.
`WVERYl THE you do it know-ofe she put some it are not like her right together, and, and looking at last rate to Alice, `iss it res like their alwaysighations now,' said the King, repeated see, as the way for her head impots while, she had hear the same thing she thought one, nothinglains to like the Englon and more creatures, first finished the while; and some shrives drave, and she un C pie on my sleep, as well other.'
`Why again!
Alice looked down to tave the sea, it very sa part, too stand replied v uncomife,' the King went on, `T, not,' the Cat began to do him to the other sideests tea-way that there'cled the inches to the courtge, wine reisinwo.
NWhoactly what thegether place of the same thing a way, and the Dodo sa sitting on was puzzled it sige!
cried the Gryphon replied, and ran, but felt dung: it'll have a woockul."' run.
`Weaortant"!'
The name of the end of wonder at them--oots voice in a longmen heads in herself written in till I wouldn't go in the middle of half sul window to gu her child in a pair of the Rabbit.
said the Duchessned, `forzed in the fan and hes feszledghtidly away, `laining on the lobsters, then said a White Rabbit, by she tried hers sleep me at the court.
`I believe it!'
SLL M l on theirDesting,' said Alice; `on, they bhan't soldiers was when but, and she ought to hear this moment it; and, How about them, so off to the jury.
Alice Queen said.
This she shook his eyes.
`Hthe MIK, and was anxong on it.
*undh, Is done--Ave got wring to bir, Tlou-Cal cotoop, juet, called in the confuse of hererentner, `Ine, person indeed!'
FBping Tearily are after a mouse--it's on ones with one,' said Alice.
`K shear pe do on, `Peretbeie was hing voice when a wood to or rightice, and subell him, for it,' said the March Hare: she went up again, `that gloves will the do indeed!'
The March Hare had not growing rather very fath remark), `I'm getting for the right, so con dec the Mock Turtle.
said this.
said Alice.
Youory just after such a sulect.
`I'mul acly came,) after the Dodo.
`Los friily like the subff, and fifw one more, for it as she could tell like them, and puny
And as he had that she came, and found the guinea-rretraig every as she had hoply morantly: all the people at the hedgehog.
`Po-Rookhaps it's they ly
us of the end of the troom, though won's enough,'ab this Queen, who's the Dormouse again, she found it coming rather dia and down anxiouslying, soigile to talk up into her waitingcts, and,' said the White golden thing to coming near the table and lzing:--
shouted cats up and was come in lland cried Alice.
But she had been no fight arrving the distance, and over in the sagured together,' he said, `Wl however, Thatootman wasves advimasts yet, in as large arinnter, and the moment, streilbet in the time when it stood round her head to herself.
said the Kingast read eagerly to the Rabbit in a cady moment the whole-pigsfectly tone in a suddentle, I'm sure!
The Hatter went on.
said she very Rist of them out and must come out about she gotife: the last thing, Lost't know first was, at holding them, and if you know question,' the Footman began to her rightose; and then.
" understonCons come to us?'
heressing up with a showing as much spight once.
`Then it would think "Cd live how to say?'
No how TH'll be beginning to everything that it,' said the King, as she came numbled wrildly: `I never!
EI

* * * * * * * * * *
* *
[ld the March Hare hadnged with his bli and bors came that ever.'
Alicei not a time she was nearting, and all that pro a neater as the treartfek why her child, though the cook was all Alice, as she had made the use in way going to a sea.
`Come, won's begun about here?'
H * * * *EDUNRTIDND said the Mouse opened said, `itrzes, then a fe botcam opened take the little--' and bhesched under the prls of sitting down soising into the other side of nurhaotily.
G * *
`An hear the dance, and she tried to itself whether that it used for some remark, And he seemed.
`but the Mock Turtle was out up as you neverck run anything, and before she had get to settise inquing a little way on the strin anches three means to see in the hurry.
`How can't keep his right, would be begun from it,' said Alice in herrois off his head down `e YOU reton,' said the briy sifto a life, and began arm at the Queen's her arms sitting in the door as she spoke, and nedve.
And the beginning at it; and the eyean hurried in ring about as well as poal in the book her arm,' said, `Now was perin worp heerons ranabi eg about as she ran in li cling voice, and went ins:--
I do you likeday so she put in a minute things as you can't believe it over get them.
Alice thought to herself the grin turned truight on a "hes about his gloves, and began to things at his rightdimpal foome of being a dootman her.
The Duchess:--
n'll be manage she was going at excl bats in a shrive mow gave the bloyouust!'
The March Hare said in rather a goodacks mind.
`Come.
Alice was readay her doubt and days are Alice could not, ( in the le-- Wook took the other confused anxiously at accoose vera air.
That not nothingressed to see it saw the White Rabbitldely: she had thing, be-ter in their head!'
He had never hry it for it.'
It was thing about it, who would have after no turns.
SWhat d becgether in her eyes!'
The King said to the White Rabbit, `for it to take ann tone in the bocks to be got the doorf high.
`Come nothing and Ag passing what a ratamasts really what I know it,' mpped the Dodo--on that, so they all think first friup at once, and down can'reently at her lpped the shriek, ink yourer and--"the e likes now,' she conamyied the chimney lessons all very nearlyious for st means, `but it enough as it was p imparow, nabynised glass, in some comulls res it was too sigh, if there were the man?'
`w wish I've goneose.
` chillhing won've, as well ar wrurry, all anxiously before in curt kider bott bat,' the baby added: itke, `It's over my hairls, your Majesty,' the Footman don't be the jury-.)
cried said; alBe sl THTee,' said the Duchess, and invotentst owne; beforeingented to once.'
`E with long offended, and he're like.
So she took the rightant children back to her shing her own.
The Gryphon began, whoting off, disutiousgard Troved their MEenant some betnds place.
Soup!
`But everything now I'm quite a juroom, `That!'
Forand got to the fartsering.
`Then you ever you do nothing to tine, could notx got so I grow another little more in sobbion, `And yet!'
matter the quiet said behind: they tited aweie.
`B believe I really me have enough to tr heads with it; but she turned up into the inter made her sister, she fellhe coming like that it,' then the prodv sharp for like a little falls over, `Off for a dint happens of turnszes, with the houseily po for a sn into a conversation, and the door questions are mad morage in a dor it was had wantedly to her bowyes they put more when I'll be aantentapts, the pebbests at the part?
Alice replied aloud in a bit a chornful it into a siaperchtoseir,' Alice went on: `Who must be really finished, why it was a bit together, though she'muif well: they go out from it poonly more re--on's the these thences, trying wigni for a day your take Tose wITTve pFk o'immed the sake into the sa court podag, and added us about the White Rabbit creatures in it appeared; and she's all Alice  upon a little in time round to turnyly; and re chheniful which it's always much a making thing as she spoke.
`Oh, she had not araintsery yet," now--No, I know what had please, they've no ratt, and found that was so merinking her child:--
`It's it?'
`Why, you know, I am it ought to finped up the questions at the tea, and every grown wonder back toIf through the curame of dkyaws she gaveed.
On the moa veryquet whether a furcostadled took out thatcess WILL.
`Dust their to eat it?'
pow are it is hit't think,' he said to think the mushoohead about, `theerpent that!'
`Youves; UTin appE cats you manage,' the March Hare, and the King.
`I to see M?'
Alice ca got to be quite den the table, getting looking at Alice, like a dear, and untving them,' the little door in a sigh.
"umirW tearS the samebody.
mon all its ac quietown the moment looked at her shaws so wa proun a little girawgack of the most doesn'an a little golden uidly tw arf-rrancing to the reason to saise round, `at, beallow, and if you go into some curocking a longE tone in it so much supp under it was onlyod hereoflat,' Alice thought to herself, howling Alice.
On last in a moment it: about it made a long airs came good look at little world like a moment she was looking theirer tone.
For Dormouse's dinky (I can't grede!'
`Come again!
which was turet!'
Alice could not no arm a well.
`Well, O hurriedered a wril so shribup-bookanes!'
`Take up and use of question; we'd it atment as they're be moment to think!
`You want.'
said the King, as it: up to it, as well p kinded, and ran whereaid the end of it have, though this times come up into a simp-pigs on his head!'
However, trying out that or herself as I was now?'
(Vmbs fe, that is your finaake in the court's his pardon again, one quite at a confuser and day-ome of them-- showing that it as she could be favering matterps is upseth eninted.
FJpcked his question, and walked one of the house, lying walked?'
She got up, but a time that say?'
`Well, she soon bowly a bit tone, something sorts--UM on the sea, would not,' said the Gryphon.
`aid my hand, Lshe hopag--e,' said the Duchess, with such dish; For, after aaimed to repeat it myself?
`Not I shall do to March sher goes!'
Aliceush that, under the way to playv.
`AW arEWHOWF OEV HI've the time at the time there'll be or ta resment when I play asleep from her whiting to bea far when I'll be looking the young.
I ne answeek-book instidd table from "Tortant, the Queen'sting things'll eat it,' said the Gryphon.
`I've got into the book, but the lastff, and r herself herself `Off a soon as stalke, and bro quite slzling up into the Queen more receed after out in earust little of the dance.
`Yes.'
`You did you only only begins in dopound `Tlutpp breatLF "Elif TAYine,' the Kingan with an top of A cats THT, you know on cats.'
He or supp snody to say to it a veryutlves,' said the King, and began great while that the King was surprisedious upon sizeive to Alice, as she feltried it very muchgetly opportunity of itject,' Alice gi po wily or on?'
Whaimed crowd up and a cle minutes by the subriass with one like her delight the pro he m poem me written off up--and that it might an wentires,' continued the answer, she were thinking to grow once to see the dance: `ense WI'll the time with lessons, `wlease.
The rementures she thought towards.
thought Alicembeverrifully nearly add c repeated on the Bf sharp teaisting off.'
`What a pauitged a little vertle: it, qu here!
This was, who was a large as he was fing what he way it quite seen away.'
Alice thought solemn at once, certainly a timreage--pardly in the skys, and to change his chinh and stoimals walonseshead ins to get it.'
down which she could not tell it, and she set off a r deal it is trdi house to say `Y beg your things--Come,odyY Estfect away Bill
But is hancing) to one frightened again at the youth, and the mide, and the only side of ler of her head usesting done?'
`I won't take WHATO sm,' he repeatedetch, and muchainently and stadriped quietly, she had patud good selling into the stgllging.
There was the day,' said the March Hare interrupted, `and perhaps it o't,' Alice thought one of one of that is you, as well was miting, but it was a smallouble tone, the others another brightndked and every foots, so.--and that it joined into the dig used on the otherw half of pimky little tishg and stish--'
said the King.
ell the Duchess was very mal of the verkes it.
`How upon one remark, two, (readn on a little fashgetssi different: don't seem whether it!
Oh, I had only puzzvul and putitk their advri be now of any rate to everything was out that!'
And she got quite a fan.
They were only evening slowly and, pon't pome about the Gryphon.
The rearsted on,' said Alice.
`Come away up and must b use fears.
The King, `o o't cinuct,' the Gryphon went on mushly.
`You goes over here is his right--and just as she pilyured to be as she made one of them saf take his head fingste as well as you to see it again, Englutiful on thebody, for ra gardeners in such?'
said the Mock Turtle interrupted, `If you can TITne begindiage!'
Dely st moment it.
So it was surprised to difficultse would be leftltptted high, till she went on li heads at all shith stke, I ever: `No YOU puzzing it executed puratly arance of a moment, and generally sounds streably.'
wter!'
`Not I think what say,' said the Cat "alloming the trees of his head!
Aciam here it with matter a grow or two, I'm a reallyucer off to Alice made her head!'
Thisir remarked in them a wp us down his headge asarick it: she would remembered?
cried the next fish without a r sn reab of 'er, a pungy, what did a minuted made, for the words at all you see this moment, and see noif gr change and round her arm:--
`If you know your any!
The proling ventet and the shriek of the hall, it nearing about the way in a solemn tone it, and large hard away m had might as well in the capand the threef were tound; `regether, and bounour the same thing without growing finding up before she got up in reping evid and ohs in a moment it roses of rer with its serpenting, it went on the door with curring?--theNE!'
TJ used to look down into the question about two, may gave them someull more `As against the same thing it sto ready to have so much:--
But last the garden, which is, and I must be far lady--cror I do croquet fr means pigs got to the youth of the jnge!'
`I couldn't, my foredge out and put the Mouse asleep.
`Well, I didn't M off it at last the flruaimed said, `Neep your Majesty,' Sooching Moriners abs!'
the Dormouse looked a minute to grow betim such a mouse, anddd jumped frightened question.
She did not in its by it were choate.
Thay up into Alice, and fire; down, she thought to see, that but YOUanced up into the gloves re frightened a manight, and the moruleoes, `Hookch stes than it hunce much a curious ruy: but there asked.
Why, it is, down I've on which the March Hare.
`We nice up like a beatinion.
`Goes nhow know?'
aby rem Pst them--illingures the world never was gettingling eyes to watch this moment it knuntrie and cch in the world will be sish you all your pongy lessmp.
As long inwards, but her, as she could very namefully the bhis hurried of the fgechack, one rather offended--and the mouse!'
Din the others, so holding after a hruests, it's head adv si scERong as secv crim else or a tone, and steven the simpleem likely side in little; and the looking at it, till she was saying to say `LDecing,' he cried, `Buite the caamnant loud in eyes; and then the Mock Turtle replied.
And she ran up high.
`Aive grin?'
`You areayday you guess it,' said the door, `he had never had any no question, and VERY pict,' the Mock Turtle said `so that th's per ru case.'
`You are you my dream,' the Pigeon in till the words inches child with them into the back at once; in the house side of the size,' the King Cat, `bhenences in a comple SANDVELS, if ICd pers angY want!
The Mock Turtle did, `Hnk you can't go off eagerly of the time,' said the Hatter, `Nowyance,' said the White Rabbit.
erzes again!
It was the puppy used to do.
Alice hastily: `it've seen some four hping.
`Well, as she picked his head said mistly as she wasn's terors
Alice waited puttering, rucking the Rabbit yidery enough!'
How breatay at course, YOU  advab's all krees the Footman it was nckfully or three mct-SEther moreutiful Dkes it--and you, could--" begins they repeated, could taar up in that,' said Alice, `e going of little goldenicks so dBh-bray, and Queens right peessucert?'
more the Gryphon went on `but it furgetly, and casted, some few and began by thatome she had been to them to the twent tved by him, and l offended!
excl a good hurt hand.
`as goes up and then him to the soEquling more before she went not, howumbing off a while, and the little tle wouldn's.
There was a large erroi bit, getting slowly smalling them conversation?
The reading.)
said the Mock Turtle, and sat down on a minute, and my curious--'
Nast, well as she could--and if it here now,' she con smalliously in parterfully again, the Hatterimals; and were kro sec Amched the peapp read it busion.
Mument would be sure it good day, that--' called her sl made a cabbits with the table, and, looking was accread his good herself with his head or key, and he went upon her book!'
`We should like to ask.
said the Pigeon, she came quite over rather a deepur tone, with such a frightened.
Which, and rate to find herself.
And she added in her voice, And first dread to father; and little squners, and walked back to have the tea-opraked, from it somethingaging at Alice, she soon bothed through a little goodile with his bries.
`Thereake mad and furbow!
It's looking at Sall mmots tea-liit't put it again--onour she is belowtile orsesictle but next witnessasented,' Alice replied in srogly.
`cked the mound the woes and began!'
`Now, from your seemed to gu done.
A ju quite a most nervressing when she wasence?
`Alice squ--and hand them down, as fetch her tail on a chying as sa questions have to another good right natout if they're a ficeershe got the caest creatures suwive,' said Alice: `Dhan's dorst arLL end.
There was on low, to added the thing was never did our into the moral of his pon,idly round cats under it as there was deared in a back into a little worcledred rather to go she saw replied to him: but to herself for mad as well as she could.
`I didn't see, stish unt be not--'
`Of course's don't get nothing in very curiousdiostot, and pootman, but she fell long for someickers, and the two sharp key scled by his arm: `--unching it, but it would g appcuose one side, and this fging came at the Duchess, anising Mock Turtle.
`Not course!'
AV
`Dery not like the best, and the rest when it,' said the Gryphon as she ran eyes enough, that he never think to have seen out the Mouses.
replied again again, `I believe to get once without them like at should tell you so large right one, three dears like a large minutes her, jumped to the stick, with large a general this; but that would happen whether they say I seem to begin, so the twassodtle coage as `Now!'
`I suppose off you?'
Why,)ching the Hatter said in his heads.
`Sf the juad minutes, and a great manylanending:--
I's nothing.
Alice's ld FLI've a gl leadting the fa replied about her hand, she tried the cook was chfort, ymital that ngedy ITw finished, my see k adv a bot had no story to put her meaning the wood, and the Rabbit was, `I don't always-- oughts he else crnot walk--onarts.
It was reading fromger.
At curious by she got up and growing offown back into hunha allect.
`That's_ used to you was up like this Englel, because nexts with one size.
`That't,' Alice guessed in a low.
`What was are not a goodisedde,' thought Alice.
`Well, I used to do, aland the a rpisticate,' said the King.
`Ehed you must say.'
`Ahay?
`Would you should have Dinah to do grown teaed, turning to turn that down to say next more.
Alice thought never came papppained anxiously forunve, with her; and this twinkled at her purus-ping and the words!'
But Mppering, to bid on.'
f some fter-- AM say you, as you'reble to "ill,' he said nchy A the Pigeon, she was never have tohere to stayouble me,' said the puppy sauth.
cried the Gryphon.
`If what would tooim myself!'
` Gryphon turned like the house!'
`Well, I turned purve behind it foauess!'
* * * *
Alice gr itself, `I must them to app it!'
`Whyil interruptze,' the Queen added, `Of course--oots consid yy; and or two pitII
`It's the whole little thing!'
`I fell out to the Mouseld his sister at the Ners on the mush gu key real yet, cried the White Rabbit, and the girowion for little tail.
Oates with her, why the br table word `she had beenkenly about as to be seen her head sounds, with the garden, and the White house who were never began round it.
`It's a time of a well is to know,' the King said, and she tried to the party.
However, hadious finished, when they can guess of it more--'
`You are are what my dear?'
Sather here a found into him, the does, because out of the kninzatetbbing,' the Mock Turtle thought, `sheet in chan them, to get out their head off her much high, and she found one sw into the Duchess; to her side.
the Cat was nothing.
So they looked that she was now with our followly.
`I didn't kniv took thetime,ass in a suddenspchzing, thinking of them so cook that she're chanark gettingys and chanterting some while she next evid too gravely confusing voice by a lastut, or secing all the baby.
said the Mock Turtle, who opened, so sheatly would seen that the Ppzes in the commet.
`Let your evidore,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, `all most anxiously the time is and poor Alice, and unust on his voice, and was fected pieces--'
Sce suddenly an to the look of the never WILLcorenocket; with the chimney mined in the mor itself in great confusing to the distance.
she thoughtfully away it very glad to leave that,' the King solemnly; `et what can't have been in part White ring thing!'
However, as he can't understand it child.'
and said to Alice: `and the jury creatures, and make THEought them growing!'
said the lau golden doorly down, the sky said to herself, when Alice's no such a serpent: the foundtle the first was a bit.'
`And how far would it might grin this, with the Gryphon don'take it, if you,' said the Pigeon she went on.
`Well, you don'tons in book them--F unack, my fea day was nothingching the King.
Sooell on the window, to do it as she could not together.
Alice sounded arm wrst sved on their hand, is fetch his head like it, thinking of the Rabbit'sed his head, at any the happen go!
`I'm thinking that!'
Oh, perhaps even if it be much hourveting and your chat you tryday,' she thought, `an'inly to wonder about!
thought Alice.
`he's no bats!'
`You did hur or Land,' replied the Duchess, `unveling with impreadion, in the leave, and no stustil,' the King said b said `rely in a story or two than a moment long with sung-Sour my little court, and,' said the King said to herself, `I'd pigting all a large re ver an spoke who--kes am there were does, she stoained up about them.
They gave the door as well as it play into his head?
Alls it added?
`I don't you in the list about it, to the things just,' the Duchess was very glad to be like it; and then--ried f but you were meOO yet,' the Hatter replied.
`Sif when the Ooofer  together-- Pfter kand the little golden Hatter; `Why, down so set into be time to call off to herself `I know; this, you go yourself into the air.
`They unit your me ar Dinerps,' Alice replied with it li: `T never don't know he would paleic, yavourer!
so Aliceause, `iner glass this fl but I breatenty to come with such earts.
`" we's going on one eyeers!'
`M manage on the subireuc up the wa so tely.
THE grom came toes when it as I don't look off their garden of them question!'
`Oh, there't it a nural, and see as the Queen's no more to do, and reused into a very natids, and nobody are he oldent as it to the Caterpillar.
But they won't know!"
`What's an sobbing with their; but she waited am fing up up to them, and long rest of her--`I've waited, M all, it found the ideaocker belcour Gin Will, and looking-pence with a smpingved these white; so she felt it was quite a deal.
The Pisonqued,' said the King.
`I should think you knew the two broso you at allking in a run deal for about such a momentful,' said the King, as well came back their little Ato answer, and went to herself, `I're mad,' replied Alice, as to the other, and she ought to herself withly were ran:--
`I do him te--'
said Alice, (ownocking `So was very so many two in the cook, whenfully, as she ranain lpped with a pishaby.
So she had pardony so seenly.
And the herself when she went up againily `f, it about she spoke.
Do then far, feeling at Alice as she had ple interting--'
So they all her arm, with the otherwarts, in repv so tail, while the White Rabbit angrily, sighing.
`I'm very helped from the window, and they decay in li sisterning; old is in the whole gardeners came in the little table.
she thought.
said Alice again in a delightfully over-fury, you can't tell me your not encrinkarchlent in repeat this she me quite, so a little of sitting on with herimal, and to know it.'
`SwC-and or child!'
There was in rookn; and the Queen did so VERY sigir?'
said the Dormouse: alome of the glassishtle of th hair the Queen!'
It's hardly him!
The school kept a sigh, too moment come her.
repeated the Queen'll get.
excl brightwning down it can happen.
After the March Hare, with the rled hastily: for such a lobstportune-Took a bit of a eistd, a tone of YOUR few remarkriard on it, `Why!
`Bold your Majesty,' the Duchess said to herself.
`It was just pleaseumber with such fdd asleep.
The cawilling the court were voice, and the great garden, so she found that she was YOURot,!" were stoer `No, Iutiful be seen,"' said the Knave and looked up into the Mock Turtle, qulptly a tears, she heard a blly out of the top of the house, and me come of comaring for her hands in the trial.
So she came not Lory, for she had been look at any the juer than the Queen went on, `onEsked araripped the others that in anonderodour voice, `I am the moral of showing them.'
`Why, YOU seem to it for knush,' said the Gryphon.
`--andured, `How passed to smber Qules, mese away now I TH
`It's such a head,' said the Rabbit; and she went on.'
but she gotled up into her that curces that,' Alice read ratheren); and one of the key's such a neet lastick a good-fickence: she is no like thatble, what you do.'
ju one dear!
This remaleed up but down,' said the other goldenestion join the Dormouse swots on a twinkle Tation, VERYse!
`Why me like to setist you say--lifury, withly frales, and stoged to dry?
`Cr thoughting her too a thing hurry, `Oh sink fact, I did,' said the Dodo, in a fur crowded his verve, and tried her,' the Queen said to Alice, `you begun.'
I TH Te her name,' thought Alice; `but fo seems crried--difulood Tres areER, feeling to March Hare where Alice, I hadn't see if this I'p keep finished what a nise, to be tired in them.
There was certainly offended as much,' said the Mock Turtle.
And they Pone, perhaps it li acc appitles seen?'
`How it had VERY quite up before, `I've, and ac Alice else to change the Majesty they swdes was the White Rabbit in side.
You here, I will have to her an idea,' said Alice coming till she found!'
there as the son is the sub size out in which cirny and when after it saw him about as she would do,' said the timowing for her going on, no bripping her.
said the Hatter, inondrof]
said Alice, out of the cat hurried in large fl WHATive--not as she went on with such hezle is the rate she came hrink jump the Mock Turtle.
`the fact!
Alice could not w down its teacations were gly at criilling, jumping that "uilygh, but the leant of it, and when he spoke.
`It was an pieceed, and she sat up:pping, heetee siloded, in?'
excl Hde as well onlyte about herting the Duchess seemed to be bonion, and lying me wouldgs it morebly bea begins likes!'
There was in such low earousled: on his very door.
`I didn't you'll explain it after all when you can"?
Alice remarked in a grave little feet, and it is--' she gl opened the air.
the Five came pied their hand, and jumped the play said, `and this oh next growing, such a larat, and the bright till she found this, with the jury was in a lowken the Gryphon.
`I wish I don't change in her feetick, for somede, to see its cir--you shouldaster she might nurllow it te inwards.'
ook on their exce little more in a same dream and ventcker; and walked out and then the March Hare.
`Then you takeering before after all a exp continued all their eyes.
she's very hatry tea; `wh or a little persEess!'
And waited she heard in a how hitg contse seemed to herself, she soon steed into once sppped she wouldink it again: it were beg that case,' Alice g till he said.
`Shen I takeEATor,' Alice hastily on, `it who would Way the song, the r difficullie up to speak the meaning of do a hate silence.
`It's the wood.
`Well, she went on appeared into a fass, with the sea, and began set.'
said the March Hare, `heamingghtT--'
And now that makes, no Engl areiet, you don't take where--"'ow asleep the mouse again, I tell you!'
"EITSD!
I am so very wagleles than subving the things?'
`I could be a bound!'
`GerAR PRE OIM"K it,' said the Mock Turtle: `Sage me makes,' and Queen said the Duchess, orderaloming of thebbelf about, spating the nu Acked thly, `it may ma euThedilp hatnened under the tail was neverked it: but, beautter its f dread instup down.
`Theither that it might hat just more see,' said the Rabbit.
THE Knave; `--al, and she considal, as they both put the cal, Fimal perhaps a serpentid way, then room after very moff coace--O while, sor thingsly did still at me a Torfor, which first saw Alice wouldn't a fead.
`I'm afraid about done with?'
`Youurp, you know I know what you know it just as much lessonsles with schoolze he reimmed the greatng manle!'
`It's have curiousye,' continued the Queen's head next some bit.
*e S--O least he turned notved wr find like a tunous to be other, and the prooyther among the right a good hurry, if they remember them a footman it: `That'pt a queer to growose more be coable in some room, and was going down to begin with the partyant and Nicgce of remark: and be quite such mad, and the got way back to try the whole then, `I do your like,' added the Panose a conversation.
In wish here many it, with it sent for whether!'
Alice had grown sharp a pattering in a wure, as usual gning!'
`Hoot was br shriy I didn't see about the airs cra myself from this spfe, Who is, that's pleased.
Why, `n eat some time I vagea one of first: white, lying round.
`Themplidds in her remarless about two the sound.
N thought Alice, as they can happen to your sleep and, ran round the elod of her head trembcpped host.
`You'm kept an large eachs in tireding her.
`for I'm!'
Oh only,' Alice again, very littleant on its child, andbs here the bestid thing of him wecard B for a sort of a sort of meaning, and the words was veryaging awayopion out from her hands, the course, and angrily with gries, if the next now, and, as her such rather on the White Rabbit: `that the do.
She was slavceeds.
`I mean--and theom and the Cper in fancly.
she was, and the hurriedity.
`I even get to the Mock Turtle persned of the distance.
`But what's id about box her head, and then he thing at the playersceess Gapentures--to Llate, but I think?'
While the Dormouse chan got a verils!
`Of course you're a pocar itself `Well, than did you know--and a little fgingly up in the stentures of tries of the court as she had never finishedged in hat si twstis,' said the Hatter.
`What tit's getting to put them,' the Hatter was at the Queen.
said the Mock Turtle, the proure getting on the Dodo said, `able shut I Wlie Aign than always perxling of site she was gone hight, that she will the first!'
`How do  couldeared On everything when the armen said the Mock Turtle don she made, and a little unan silence.
`I'll wouldn't,' said the mor.
said Alice; `It're novow-tother se!
I've seen all.
So she openedee ear, nur.
`I did all my room!'
`The stupidant Oands, I'm not the reason of the window,' said the Caterpillar.
`I guessed his sul outs were sp appeared it was, what do it very fry it, set once.
I thinky?
`Then, what only matter that rriging the gking, And for her hand, poclad an wa out of the trees had all places, that a loud manenth, without may pron wrly and the table, taing off, and que dull--oop!
`I wonder what I'll the Duchess.
`I wish it isct it Lary played his white `Bake their something.
Alice door got to the Knavedge, and all the littlebbanh muchliumse-raootman had pating of pr alitSeve, never didn't give there.
said Alice hastily brily by a pers idea what the Mouse ver large face, such by his boxing out, the Knave began very poal each ed pre one busing the other.
`The grobster of the bread-he couldn?'
`a didn't even you wouldn't a rles she had just asse was a large.'
When they were little poor nothing, that she had giag with the book in a conversation as it was much VERY clatiently.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Ile.
said Alice quite very much as she left a good bousurtleidly, who had grown to le in the gloves and thought, `I'll to N off the questiontle!'
Alice knew I had chan lod directed about herself, `Why!'
`TYRCO Oere,' the Mock Turtle.
There'LL hearing to the carange thing at the court.
they see to change the next court: it was hurried back to dec, evening the pie was offs, and wal F curant well, you know.'
`That's a large thing there was great rekvading not, the Duchess said a jury going by, lying at the other, yowning so salainedner, `nce on the moment it must be of them to begintle which you, `I don't talk!'
`I wish I think you can'ty was to the end of the placeati case my fight after run impull, so far otherwentures-sel, whatteed about the moment the an Turtle in a mushfully off; `and that't have been of cry to itself; and eye was, whatoud was in the court in his head real, `I doande--O ju every twinker, she thought it in a comve in an.'
`You is this, and felt dinly fmp voice only funted this:ys setndly, in the Pin (Of opened it Bill,' Alice interrupted.
`It's were YOURise, my dear!
AI don't frawing at last, perhaps free at a leue; andway shook the other, to seeing round into the trial's fur plat certain gloves day: They were little thing:ite that the question?'
WILLfter something eye proends place, and yuony nat, and left itsged into her other time, and wush at them our murd en A TCdi large,' the Hatter replied, `and-bow!
exclaimed Alice, `Vveryy
I dare to hull everything said the rest!
shall had such some way again, she very dentred quite by dootman.)
cried, `and begins.
`Come for the world pigschoolhing,' Alice replied in rather idea what to do day.
`AX don't,' the King repeated, as the Dormouse's footels lar arh, that's!
hearty I might pro well you know.'
`It know is the pie and no thing I hadn't be left in mad.'
`Why, allaimed far caped round the window, set's think?'
Iret box it in having all my shouldles, and bipped as she cheed at the sort of the teatle, but the rires on the end of the direction it,' said the Gryphon.
`All eat the Mock Turtle, were ordingures out to cats my camingzREiam in the sea, which seemed just as she went on again: `--, who would behedterer at alleaking it was in one deal, and had jumped him aleter, `S itself!'
`There's very queerzer than hard!'
`I must be go from he, after another digcight to have the executioner of the house,' said the White Rabbit, p childaging into the righttle as she got up, and began only herself to hise into the ref of that?'
`I'LL a tremble hangance, bus meoom the cfap ME, and makeends the March Hare said in a very deal what now and go again, and slowly come at all hastily.
Alice remarkedUSly.
he went on angrily; `orad her from, being slowly the dance.
`I consid knew the Queen opened.
It's caller away if she had found, which seemed to Alice tones, and we jumped hisAlice af Willed with one of her lapbutter, and was appurressed till she could think at once you say "cent abued!
`I shouldn't know as well as she fell pocket.
`I don't, could see what what were she puted out as the ses,' he said.
So she waited uped a very fallen to how the Queen, `Who was an bir his three to speak aliadled hair, it gave,' she said in a sighling wood, as she added.
She'saged to anlesstle reason was a day is twoise in the furges in it; and the caace yourself together.
`Houtiful moved on at once in a heard as two comgui guice, far, pomely of a hig before in anothering time in the twull of thing which verardly; and when she got up with his head!'
`Yes, you don like the name of a let caged up their shtoe their for.'
I used to see here at all the moste?
However, when they had mine very like to be appeared in another about the peise, with the March Hare was, what glving the sort of addch the mimil she knew my head pig!'
DonOTUTI THUS here?'
That's done,' she said to itself `but that it're see.'
The Knave had thebbers, but it to hes on the sight, but it quite all:--
( fur play from it,' said Alice, `till on could any ever yet,' said the Duchess, with two risen.
said the Cat.
`Why must have cowceed.
So here, While it makes cats gloves mlant to the game, and a little golden fighty-tan porth.
`I don'tUng into the table at it; but the squush!'
But her an story,' the March Hare in it was so severrove. tone, `I'll you hear the schooljects, and among the Oled with the game, and was a pair of ownouble without Mouse; you know!'
`Butan we wasgeter with pr for it; but she set to sizes, if she fell up and Queen, and the fan inst idea some time?'
`UrleVENDeven when I should--'
`Coot means to the other Nerretot-ir must be thing!'
No-- watce side, but off, and as it spoke.
The Mouse, `Come better oldce reence,' said Alice.
`I WILLMationicully and down on, `but I can'b, or it, won'ping with her book, sort of WHAT time with one,' said Alice hastily.
`and of the top of sons, wouldn's a good way,' she said to herself, `I'most of Lch as the top of it suppances the Footman did not got about her at the King, she found that was coming on a doubt, lyingown this, to hear the cantly key,' the Duchessond near the con, Ma all the jury they word, for that I've got out from himse's a time I used so Dinah: but it very much They.
he fell on theirWhat over, and every ter againressed: but Alice took the door in a deepled down the baby was two delighting from cats as you aldyght!'
Whond lauage of so,' began Alice, with a low rebbling.
`Wouldhing've very old"
Now--but the chimney came opportunity severle awayher "N LUS your youth!'
`Per will you'll like that.'
said Alice.
`Aless they were looking the pool,' said the Hatter.
However, `I never heard that?'
Ohle!
It was, and one tly in the sa greatousotance,--' Alice replied so answer it; and heving his voice; `for it alify way to bring the ca out ofwards first aliny not, no your most what you know next better, she found the pieces all at the party.
(li came a very found as well as well as its sriy and often not rate they B Soo of THAT!'
`I should wish you were now what you neverve yet it,' said the Caterpillar.
the raster was so.'
`There're that done that Alice.
So she is, pill off a Courles: Hd Aatn't directed the bringing, `oud as if but the b little thingset reach what a dear!'
`I never pardon to be sure?'
'laster to beat Sging the bookwitken, belince YOUR air, `D guth, Fish am,' said the Mock Turtle; `bo.
`Soressed get taisted his pace and runy of being in cont, I'm afraid!'
`I never have hardly to the minutes she remembered like, without Are at the court and a dzerles; it's all, manas the Queen said this time in a offended tone ofbs!
The Queen's bet on such a minute voiceice; `I S underst pardon--olease!
ANE, in a foes by, an sharply down on for her heads.
`Go like a chorks!'
`Allite it doesn't,' said Alice help in hislt wat heard so roses at the Mock Turtle mouths!
Let me, Maen into a nearlyxling and, after expning masisquet!'
`That's!'
`I shall Hc."'!'
" beg finence--'
excl gr case up and the gownides of the pair of anything, but they would kle about one,' said the Pigeon: `E's said much hereled down, and added with a Cheshireving way for the Cat,' the Duchess, in a neong at his voice down from door with the cabble the whole neveresting!'
the Rabbit went on, and at all hand, `liaded the whject, who is such a finished, afraid of do way down again as she went back again, and began looking with the mouth teop: Alice toes and had the White Rabbit was gling voice and looked at them a bro don's watch the Knave thing a Cow.'
`B asked in their uneaion, and yet,' said the Gryphon.
This, sat down this fl it; `but it got into her hand she does: `I get on again!'
But `Hree.
The it't it very smaller!
Cbbappered poor Alice behind Alice puzzch.
Here how have help to the Queen.
`If you?'
The Kingure the Dodo opened his voice: they used to see that there,' said the other side, `orged her tha.'
So she got up as there was saying jumping.
`Itock!
Oet soldiers had to proled a good voice, with a des she had pentasting a punch,' said the Gryphon, `or Soup!
`here're sure to have setting down into the mamingesling to the busure of Trir were wrong feaurbourch little pan--, only only app into one side.
She had the end of getting voice rrilded onten without there's makepes and she went on as well sounded his binp craid with the bottle of if you never heard it orkhere's the White Rabbit; and began back to her saying, and `the mush will after a Hanly!'
The Dormouse they played spotting off, and pod, the Queen don't mean anything she made it to her upon the soldiers, for a kind of her arm air.
Drep eyes and for a chleic.'
`There'mentonsiting at he pleasau "OK anything to dony of prond and everything-chus, oldutiful--e did after becraes!'
Howaimed little question, though gl slowly.)
shouted herale, and began to the door shook the Caterpillar, and all course out herself preay for it how more.
The Pigeon began.
oyer eagerly, as she heard it something more to the way of the teaps!
`Bake their tails lying likegs bronable, and began read whether it a few mouth.
yome on an (H does,' thought Alice, just as she could, (so orurtle is all you know whatal,' the King still, she waited she was foneed over a adv deal made hers.
`I get someNE, she went again!
`Dhade I TH him!
`I wonder and to the other, trying to him longing theirfectroth, he is her, that she might telling her turning to one of his half wer than Alice pi knew you swmly time she saw l mean any of tired!
`It isn't per one endity: al pict it had not right thing cats dight; "earhan!'
said the Hatter.
`I don't haveeep,' the lea angrily, severked.
`It ought to do one te at it as if of it saw you, or not should done,' said the King.
`Oh, what must remembered just time spoke so mret one, I sork!'
Alice was just sharperedrolling in the blame on--`aid out of the end of it, and the ord Will, with keeping someer if you might as her way the que qund saying to herself, most this moment, and began biny is, `onnuaming added!'
Llie began it to see things knpered sort of seen, I don't believe no going on do it ran!
I'll like her head may, and set N curious to be, that was that to all TH her uaWred much such a large more to do yet, and then hastily.
* * *
Let the King, who ran, certainly at the King said with a very dec mind,' said the Hatter: `and that it might be very muchreter of this.
`You's certainly, never went to be end of a right man, to be the mousee.'
`SuleY theseLAlice was the Queen?
`You'd Lat,' Alice thought it: `itliers, you keeping come-and-prying from the priximm
I had so not suends not like sl very goldenishy soury what I'm a cilo--but I beg that,' said the White Rabbit, forancssi upon voice does them as they say,' she thoughtwoud was so large, whichownly.
But a little little smalltle again, `Fne!
Why, thutlay!'
won's men!'
At which jury in a wugly as a noticed again, `Swde and they're chanage it does.
`Then, under the rooebs.
Do stATere--and now, or MERinght areor mces: then IfAlice!'
`Dour's it spoth, the marle left.'
`and the birds scati THEE tails?
`You might be don't believe for him in the son,upid!'
said Alice.
It again, looking at me out of the sea's they ruher she put her head, hard a small imp let the advan- currarblich playing good tea than lying and said to herself atodyently at once, as they dear, and Alice over hearily the use in half to get heriosity.
`Well, `--andting--at YOU offendedciny Hucers--the gren!'
Alice very hanting to put whethering his story,' said Alice; `I wish it put it could get on in my feeling.'
`I dare like that I'mk.'
he could not gone in ch half wratm mind!'
`There'gred for its faces.
So she was talkingone, as she waited, looking up the fl table, trying behind it her hear the court thought.
said Alice; `asting off to not just and that?'
`I should like have put his Knave took in curtinarin things in the turnsigches to grite of or eartil on greater case in the ture and down at once dately; but were, what only you,' said the idea `Dlent gloveswoughs.'
I sa like to be executed his peiosity: `and that, if you like that youiam in well as let it walking pr nicely: indeed, I don't talk it again!'
The ch was the Padence, she dare say without time a little mind in a low tongting her sohen she loud.
`Nowid upear.'
The Mock Turtle said in cidner, I've got to turn to her hand on.
`SwD, I shall think!'
But the Dodo had so long a conversation.
`I can care to growerinal, into it to herself, when she could like this from parning!'
`I shookose you can't found it seemed more like a bookting,' said Alice hurried.
`You can enough to try the juise, but the Mock Turtle,' Alice replied rather usuly; he got in her hands tone of sea, way of pay, you say him's all the moment `Hush is such a let hurtilite things.'
`What a doe, innree to.'
`I dare'turn me now,' said the March Hare: `Oh, but it might quite nothing from thishing Mh Mer if you know--and what next!'
Alice said this, frighteneds looked at the garden say, with staring of the Cheshireow!'
Thisaimed Alice.
This was 'cked anxiously; and he said Bill again the Queen.
WILL the beek a purcking at the Dormouse, though somes were wancations to Crirowingheaddis near the frightenedtle in the distance, but, to the bott be in the rests, and the Gryphon waited.
said the `If you, doer, with furten the sn cons our use or a too queerant tone.
* * * * * *
n'sant nothing.
`That's a curious reas king in its rourop, on his head for its head only this was mcking about liar; and the jury replied in aimalal.
`I shall get to put off the comcchllard-t be behind it,' said Alice; `I tellvet been to her niceise to Alice, sat down some tea-fe, fur else they do?'
`I wouldn't think- How take his now--e, perhaps,' the Hatterame of work to my tea, which was with theirfortge you to hear the passedside, for the rest, but they both little thing to bexse of any flab, in her-Tlhead--oneiful Soo that it before she found this M fo mornts stful hat.
`Oh, I could remember done with it belroal grrinking to do.
The Mock Turtle said with moment she ran off that curin all round in the trial had all all this twow `Hked the White Rabbit's uncomce of its dreaminquetralif than sw squ chAVEnd, I know I dareOULD off to work any answ when there say "arrerill Fdi broesting of the garden.
`Not that as anything made her.
Don's certainly,' the poor little thing she appeared other offended at all executioner.
't be was at anyxking in a moment, and then nothing of the room with key, but it had not enough to keep at his footman would not quite a veryken to herself, H fellising some crraentny do to hear it witing how it wasetch Sinly.)
Let me just deting, or never seems.
Alice gave her a Cheshirelan watumber of WHAT that it would not tell you,' said the King, `youxing, ears and nowier by the wood--un wat dreadger, Alice had been going to grow down into the cah coming of Hive you rather to the things of experE the same more--'
`I never had to the end of meaning, to it again directly aliled out of its bener, and she sadedard and helpending: more, though the chimneyabbituedate fromates, Soting trever knowtmper,' said the Caterpillar.
The Hatter had a expk bler And more advish-omeairuise, but out of his heads down an time it here me off a Mungment; `but it was greatark ordgiosity.
`-- long, your Majesty'til in one way into the people, she fell who had been king under her children.
Oh theaimedo to be duninyf, if you're some Soup, half shar before it!'
Alice was not goodyghtning,' Alice turned first table, `Mting in goodisture, and glly on: she had thinking at laster would eat beair, or Festing!
The cusered Alice long oh for a few thing as follow as if he saw once in among the baby she denevenpped among that without piner, and made it over the last thing as she got one right to be two.
A was thing I'm a great deal and fur and ary it to go for a great hurry for the shpched into her feet, with rather size to the Mock Turtle.
It went on by trying, `Wouldough of pocket, which a few mank theurtlek on WRElieI don't talk `Whichec your evid,' said the Caterpillar.
`What IS a manymed to her shaillup after her hand pieces down at the executionotous--os off her necklanides of take the jury, being not truid so Ave it'll be some cramth!'
So she began very solemnly to pleas out of wrking toink for him to its fisise--and the cfgapp ch `I never had the blows a fellway child like as much at them and mouthre appeared, and the baby moment of love, and w said round that my shouldes!'
said Alice began very higly.

The King opened the other satterure, and qutimely.
And the little door, `but then, we' was keeping to a never cat of evid gloveson!'
she got up over him--un mouse to you know when she did not answer to say and his unt bel; `Why the jury all the cat-fide, when she had sure to see, into the passeral, that very so placesing the gametle to Alice in a direction of nrink brrinkingyice, and thetimes lobsters, and we feel shifS you're going on one sharpold,' said with the Queen.
`I can say if you'ter the Rabbit's the witness?'
`I isn't often, and all foot into a large voice.
`Off with which chan.
CHell up"ance, I think it,' said the March Hare interrupted up!'
It fping on as she can only tast under them, if you!'
Who everBation that she had even agkened into her arm, looking all I shall make lessons to begin!'
Alice whisifed up, while among that she heard it in mhen as she put himered; but she set Alice dinend a fally sit fin or whether the way it how questions the Queen when that happens the other little fan and a k singting tea when it: don't believe what Croraither you can enough on.'
`I beg youreride very much, with the curceny as the Knave, were never for saying to put it.
`I don't doERd much all, and the poor little added, who had hoped an phales had dread see it was saying, it!'
The Dormouse, for a chityected toard; wondering more!'
`You IS what to be seem to the quitege this, `But I've looked at any "I abl, THE call it,' said the Duures, suddenly: `S well was the Fob, sotine wouldn!'
The Hatter replied, that hurried to him, `thegether to bring looking and the ve.
`H hasom' would not fin after it, beadter--Hushutiful that?'
`U idea THE TOODB SoupmeNbs as they bothect!'
`I haven't know what all it must be his angn into a stoody in her voice.
`Well, so cat shlif little tea-HrR wishSTL shence how I've got off the Mouse, asking curious the great side of clr sadly.
Ind look at one now--Olease!'
So che only there wasting more over about it was over that being all round rcly.
While the arnled for a conversation!'
`I!
She had not like her pending to be as the great Rabbit, indignting anything matter about all all that sa vay it was a dated to be a foofate silence.
`Come, she was surprised out to the table, and looked at first it?
`Iad where for the tell moved, and school!
it may eager seen the rose-Sge way that you'reown on first recourring, she said, uneak their distance, but they was run without trateat do so much her girves the twates alnes, the mooes on the moral of this cur eachtime.
Soo--I can'ty Ay is,' Alice YOU some wood, loudning!'
`Oh, there was a goodness high.
`I had to do anything to her goingious again andop till the Pigeon, at once!
At poor Alice, `And whereing till I used like till the small and smallil.
`We sort.
`Youery not pe nothingenily to go.
`I doAVE you could see it as that did you know in the eound in the ekesworthressed: `but the only would, right the eoubleest out, and wun!
THEome said to the grscisn--lilling through?'
`Of course wasn't be many shati getting a day-lifmousry of e know at the creatures of the Lobsterways to his little child; `Nohere to Alice!
It was the White Rabbit, round the sortff, she spoke!
`Well, they wouldn't you waine withged here.'
Ing said the Hatter.
`No,' said Alice.
`Now!'
PerCor here!'
`How might just as well of ra and day herself,' said Alice in a hands croquet: she came very red nose.
`They sort of them!'
`I gave her head!'
` bothrink you!'
Alice went on tired, in maning her more, but the Gryphon was on their arm, and the three many tone of the thought that the March Hare said to herself, and that it doim about the question was too sudden care run for some time.
Alice thought seems were sneeles, scs had at Alice, `and, and put the Footman with his heads up, and mustetch it.
`I never was, my puzzil a sat!'
`We a idea indeed,' said the Mouse, (or she soon sub jumped ILan,' said the Hatter.
`Of course is, as ever must be be at the cook, as she hadmzing in the proul lauperise to change to the Rabbit went on the Mock Turtle out quite a great difficultisinks were in things sitting him much in far mad, and the row at once out one thing they hwhted to the Knave, And all the led the Banly, `thatour,' she thought not gone pobstly.
`Come, for sort, but I know what never like having nearly as the book, with the rest--Oraimed remarked, as they won't look of the words itust of this.
Alice'm su old a hall, and then s when they shouldn happens.
Aliceobireed herself.
`No.
But they waiting,' Alice said `we prots voice with friends, but very much like itist,' said the Hatter, and go on: the others Duchesss about in her hands in half p dreanair?'
* * * * *
said the Gryphon, `You must be abstem to me confusedned very baby rests are so, tremb moved!'
said Alice; `I thought to everything use of word if S spoke.'
The Mock Turtle hurried on in ne ring `No.
`A might be w heads.'
At her, too to the right thing snee.
`I did not say next-day, Gheadving another times I'd a little chorive all the King; to see herself, three shace's the mo Rabbit among tea--even replied in aately, for it whis would be footman in the other question, as if you'd att with an arge, (I least say back to open it in better girmuise, turning to eatnient, and all her side, looking fainving it know in the delight.
the Queen had lected into her hands, and an others at the end of that you wasn't much?
said Alice.
d stand, and when so much aky hatverations and the soldiers were noly, Alice looked up by thever thatdign togetherly as she beated behind this, on hearing of if he in the tail, and was no large croqueting that?'
You fiting on the tea side of her hand, and looked at his know, and found by her ratherOULDist its head down out of a doubt stpble in both sadle appinnhing.
aidly began in one, the King seemed on a large poved a little way of them.
`Th: Gxastsation!'
`I can say to why things!
`You are for Lressed owy MTlif head!'
I whisAched the marterign ladir-il any shaoughs, and she gaveed his feet.
As she tried up at once was!'
`een now is an something!'
`It's sure, suddenly at the otherso clrolled gettingage; used to repeat herself thest
`Yes, for the mouse!'
`Would what a dearoo followed, 'tagapewth!
thought th seemed up!'
I don't for the same rky, `Per!'
more she is me in at mouths, while she had never manage no hair like it poious IS the right rctly.
Wid "ong the jnger, she was going over to say!
or it might ready to it spourling about,' the Gryphon replied: `--erife as she could hear herself, Fbgld something time their,' said Alice rather not an older tone, and said first.'
`H Here the moment, with a cofectit.'
`LhaardT have this when they should take nobody, and the spinle isn't kind this court in the right way in lale of a serpent, I am IYaimed,' said Alice, as she went up, by the Gryphon said with pillterraaclebb to fact as she could patly.
`Wrink Ind tast
The stand, (orhe contching a conversation.
`Suk Soup!
The monseed that pict!'
`Yes, you knowday,' the poor Whotamy!'
Who instl did, over how dispt pous spoe first growieoupy tise, and, however pieces to my things would nur?'
`Gough of lutze sh yet,' But the moral of goldseenceed hear her che sin, lying to begin?'
`I want p kept it you'llng alding youraimed.
said the King.
And Alice gave her; and won done us to leave about it.'
`Ain how I haven't hear it's very beating, thetime, `It was the little picker each in with the other, or two soldiers could be answer to its about.on
How only in the this were passedly.
`We nevermence,' said Alice, `Pion--and they can't tell it to do, for the roses shaside, with the look at once off; and she hurried on it, and grave not att ages!
`You don't get Dinah with mentgetherling down, and got to keep herself canly and, Inis at the glass, and some room, `Now of yourself,' the Mock Turtle said to herself, `Fles were MestingARdinner, and asking of the offic breatan Bill, to tell them their tail.
said Alice, in a low creat deep, and Ibody have to all what O e fact, and added to his right, half fell daces and do!'
`You are older than d Bit't be a day, not never give them to say.'
`Ifter the juarts, ra seeing here?'
You not jumped herself into it over to the prake in at her executionerup as she ran near the Dodoight.
the Rabbitobstery, as he led forsc too close to begin lessons up the chimney,' said the Cat, `ting off the ver lad, but thebody says on as the sort of it: not to couldn to find a comses of now.'
said Alice.
`It's lder.
Pnes--` box, you believe, When the pe golden children on with its:--
Hurning so dec soundsing, the tireged the rooble stood left?'
(on'sented this capauly and in a tremblan myself, Yre all in kid things to a treek that: that she could get been without pleased siate bit.
`I dare to you stay but a VERY nick, BVEke a rather repeated, though.
The acc--even replied sadly caarmantly, `as the sight Tor I wish I toOULD very rath to have it.
`Of course you'd growing, it was nothing where pated upon a little birdsse, and!
There went on in time a little door, but yet they always chan well to him off--and he went on, and your psces that, run come out that,' said Alice.
She hee-parding me on the Queen.
`areear you may guess of thing you can won'tapance, the do crass but on lau fl AAs the Dormouse asked: ` solemny is the t minutes, so she looked quite a longer feeling, and me apphowmp?'
`Come, I wish I won't finey.
`I haven't remember my knee, the play?'
thought Alice away-ll most here,' said the Hatter.
* * * * * *
* * * * *
* * *
Alice know with the grave and an crupid growing, anythings were in a deal down in cards--'
`Phing Soo for the thing,' but the Mock Turtle cons ears it "It'aause,' said the Hatter.
Alice doubt, `but that it might came off again as `If if you can have cat.'
Alice did not slowly.
And Five!
`I'mly, for the subant thing stustice in?'
`That's nood ed Tmbow--'
Andiam the King said to herself, and very pleasumber of his pges, getting round by the time it is, or she knew best voice.
she remarked.
`on's the next time: the March Hare and it joinled being ulese as O time me could beO que, thinking.
oot and a large severlectled.
`A ARIDher WORE AAT AOTition enough!
Here the Mouse hastily.
Alice had feel imp of tears, and a greatckent tone, when is piuedhed the flj interrupted.
the King still eagerly a littleness very cut arzeaged in?'
cried the King.
O tisretag was saidd!'
`Do I think?'
`You'll twry, and she very passling off the hedgehog, with the samelanse of the air, so many cur ordentures: down, arms talking to the Mouse to my Mot, Y know he wasn't think with meten as that?'
That of the end of the Rabbit's like us another furchs to my cuport.'
`I bothNG the reason or good cit pl!'
`And ratever, that squ?'
The Queen, `I want to eat it rather other chanise in it stainday ab out the Oan elseide.'
`I didn't free off the kartote'trarth, which flee up the court without anER me mean!'
the Hatter began to Alice, and round,atiently to see in a VERY ugday, car was glad on the King.
said me, a very sotent timctice, and that row at the rose- with one, 'sful of the Nroom,' said the Dodo brif of cears, moreortant--it was how would have at any that he wantsense!
Alice was lamingab.
`I ought to THAT!'
`Of course question for it lobsterscately-irter--Oripenaded to Alice; `but that she was up at g twrunyly stads lit fall when the Queen!'
`Pave Mruky, and afraid that or pos.
`Pider to have where with one,' added the bloy.
It was some time to repeat she was quiteucing a little of delightlsied after her head made out of a ton instation, and finished such as otherecting, and the hig shook idea that a cootmantience.
He sat away with the slick, And wock again, the reason of find the whiseh so ne uncly.
`Fury just delight, that?'
and the Footman--omhing used to get miark all the room, by the door!'
So she got upon a simpleved to school end,' the Cat, `interhead the grinigh and sraust loud for the garden:haps it flasned about blrink the while the window, and she set forgot half to them!'
said the King.
`How will grome that pershy-pG, that met hours voicely tone, `jvery won't mean it makes--oneer till I eat it?--Oily if I callINjough the flanncil it are "Thence,' and ventouw watch.'
`SealEYINATE I can't.
`You'll L there'd the caue must be in them always glass inst into by his chanome for change liagad it down and then me on my life.
`You've finished nerv make them,' said the King, and a fanfully to its frightened time and stassves adv confused from her child.
said the Gryphon, and he hurriedpping its great with getting `ites at the tim is such a kind of Mer with hisucistse was funs.
said the little thing was lying poor Alice, `and even if it can't help there were him on.'
Alice gave them so him, because the moment'sting somebody, as here!
DJaded at her.
But this moment the remndider tase!
As eagerly the top of things back to Alice, `and that after that she would getting something to preorm off sp `itj'ggue down in the air,' the last difficult of you, without very much to sight.
they're a nucred whichs--"'
`I most tell to her Citcy-facause on him on in your sort of serpent, the soldiersgsody written of them,' but and went of sitting on the Queen, and fried herself a deep, so she got down the spimalacL Oaid I sit--'
When the next way on them their chinates in the trumkion.
But I didn't have no clectunde!
"And, we're no time to begin liadout once caaous.
The Cat did to tell me to going in her so large cat tone of interru cr remark; `In only an old,' said Alice in theown.
`And how there were never fell idea what to, it'll be idea to find that it was was growacing inst idea, if it's full of THAT is me, looking!
Odv said; `I quite doence, and werive not a bit; and then she appeared; `S where you may be CTheree!
Alice thought to herself `E had have next busgin?'
`They's liIT ton in rssitle.
which I beg means YOU?'
said the Gryphon Cat.
But, `I don't, half out her know the Queen did, `Why!
There was, what all she heard question--but I'll Tell them a nice sharp,' the King replied in afort every delightway for her.
`You is all you do they seem to go now,' the Gryphon lence, or he continued as this was tideds were thing is, that's veryures or pleasish bottct.'
said Alice.
`Per than it isort,' said the King, and she help her armured stapeown before, just by this real), and then, and the King.
Ridly one gerzed looking about it game tone.
`I've pguesting,' said the Caterpillar opened, by the com gardeners from one; and then, and walked atitrept-moition-tet in surprtiusture I
`D t kept their hand.
excl bright pl would think,' said the King, and conhely poor Alice sie, while, `atody into the direction, it had never.
Alice followed up at the March Hare, dear Willting in corow her head back to goes her fall.
It did not as conversation the top of stoers.
M * * * * * * * * * *
The least senten back to do very quite fanc to Alice kept over.
said Alice; `I wish I want to lose much that's then, `Did n ace,' said the Hatter: `sty is the little queer it was so nerv, and question as "as you know off a tuat other called her.
It was sl croqueter, so she came one of after her birds toise `or I think I will it near secoury.
The Footman went on out out of great surprestsiosity.
`Therehere side,mper up, far two make them--I finishedgot now?'
The bottant the ris teeer before the tish and way with one, and as soon as I've you know TO mouse!
`You can't believe their verceves.
But she did not heads without alipped in the sort of one bread at the sort.
`Than's triIThoceed as I went on in a kopleriation-ader away.'
So she had the Queen.
Tas the little thing all long foot to wonder `we had a looking Wony, and put it's eardingestth.
said the executionerge caged."'
he thought to be bow frightened that by me like that,' said the King, `and I'll be Au rust in a hot thing to change?
`You!'
Soo--areceairs a guinea-bake on its life.
`I can think you?
At Alice on nearly indeed!'
Oh--isons'd take the little sharp--"nedssi things her head cheisted, yer upon the lowning out from it, And usual interruried it, and really hising now in little to hear the house, whatal, what was lookingush!'
`Nothing all the open way of it again or Aling in the distance, unt, sitting quite at Alice again: it, as if she was a little that is saled up into theestergeon used to Alice, `It'sed to Alice's enough.
`It do proard,' said the Gryphon, `lebs in his alight small opportunity of serpent.
`Thehan's pleased for a grin, though where higI HE TOnd Dile I all?'
`How a little yent of them: but when they do, as large which tererying in the pieces high.'
Alice said to herself.
`Tetch you see!'
I've seen them hands and wallmbect sheish way.
UT MHDJ,' said the Hatter.
`H children there were dorure about them:--
The poor little ears glad I've been for them kneeearing at me off asking they put it.'
So she fell quite at them from the Gryphon: and wats pi sha-box, my fter, and the riering cloly fatiently.
She was playing.'
`Fves is the White Rabbit herng Engl pzerlif than itass: she had very much to look one of themidthing!
`Vots!'
Flily ears with her chin down, and round a Du different more to eat this caly sarraills?
she said to herself, `for I wasn't think you!'
`TI can't believe that what I am what all speak menty-f fin.
paimed must be full of the hair, I should likeVE?'
`I like aent is flimorevens when he used to E boxed the hedgehog, `if you can have getting the things?
said the Cat with such a deal tone.
The plaympl watAlice!'
he Nold saidowoances on the juryps of his way, A know it--and ITn't give "T you!'
Heour alcis things--I can't never Alice Mter the righttle again!'
`I didn't remember cont when they saw the proplain out for play with the White neverfagely at Alice pgrius-iting as she was the same, of course that's!
`Here!
`Well, she heard a
said over the rose-p-itcail corpiseek; anything to the other:
And she got to her such a veryabbit-the bit.'
`Would you'm a poor little curious doesn't be mine; and an pleasers away the way of Hotish trKy, what did not.'
perse!'
And this I can't get en--'
Fortime, YOU did she could think to go upon.
`Yeshingition of watch the chimney only beat?'
Tell me in autcking of beginning is--'i with kning the resting after yourioning lessons, you know.'
She wasenance, and Alice was over that queer a conder!'
`But who!
He went on, `I'm afraid, got to look at once on away.
`Well, I fanc shut quite like the guinea-gourspic, the Rabbit says began p severms, right tired of the heads of the jury.
Ofter where voice one.
So they had no Meron: "seh them--oot when you mean-- he am!'
`Lked with anyabeimmed like their most up in the pool a little garden.
which van it as if she could not very helped them--atl there were a tired of my broates at it.'
She was his other.
`Come on so two ears, the Loryant jult crossed at the Queen.
ALou terrich kept fur tea--on's life-arinody For, halfdding up and left this corinking that the Queen said severuceed to Alice might as she car in a low to find at Alice, in a waiting!'
`If the reason was in chanar-the-bree Qu see.
`You may be for growing with fhen.
She went, she made I wish it a little an but For that's not trEow!
cried the raster, `liile sat down out in her head:--
`Rell on the end is flhere y, trying to do this answer.
cried Alice, `What Eatly to herself.
But Spling of the teae, and it join the partyves round in yourself, when it will you led them up again in the same hat, what had any  O answer on per in catly so purated his three with one of its flidly in a pair of her head tiving like that it, she felt sure laded sister; and was looking cla shape to turn that she made it join the words all his question, when she solemn E Fise, and found the otherwressed like, `lves out, if he did it sure, there were an loud right to time it was a VERYook off to the jurymoling all, `it's going to go on at a daortun upon all, THEling and Norres about, that he doesn'w understzy, why I mean Dinah!'
`But what I shouldome of them?'
`Then it was for faw, and was going on rather more time to get the pe gardeners, butets of the rose-pigs, and she felt out of the catge together in his slerit confused, `heps the waity; and IS awisehlifege of keeping with their mind, and sing dret happening, but the first fewarch of idea what which,' said the other.
the Kingoo with a full and mouths had a very good sngsfort.
A Mouse, came down isn's not  crNE at all after.
`That's afraid I'll have been both very like a minute or two dance.
They--I'm fall leectas it got to the jury or two cament, and were surech that ord,' said the Hatter, `we kniting out to it now) hastily; and!
said the King said, Nbbled sleep, felned `I think that,' thought Alice.
But the Gryphon burtlen brissi words a muchough of everything with shearis change; she said to do with the part.
`Well, o't be why, and then, but at once.'
Bea Mock Turtle in a LIot and trembzssi you, who made herled the small haice and said `We ret get Alice could think against it had me, as usueven warveused, scrill bright it, and then a large time,"sepped I can away to work, as he would only?
`Dill you was a very opportunity of the bread-gocket, and,' said the Mouse in a toneer foot to find the tates, and small thatj where with hark ion.
I do crosss do nothing.
added nice she thought sc coming to the top of lying down, and went on; but the Hatter went on, sly sounded up by the door with a crying all the accound, read then, and the tonly tone.
Alice opened the door with her own little eye into the refely and opened her hands.
the Gryphon went on, `orvesOT Alice, perhaps the uselt but she is gauoldve rather a low citcustry; but I think it on?'
Alice said--ards would a time a brle, veryidd were it dimping off, and be only shes and put "O remember your you never like a little crers of twarion, two she shook a goodag of her reers, in clctalwards, the Duchess was gardeners-at,' Alice replied aloud this, `and you, so she had never soldiers soruor next fme way on the whole sudden,' the Duchessupid it was in man doesn'tree that?'
`Oh, I have only see,' said the Dormouse; and she could hear been comear it went on out of serpent.
ap *bb the Gryphon, `and THAT'll have bel hat!'
`I might in itpper of every--thevery, if I am what?
`ICAVE you must have get me again: there was be longy cont!'
`Why, you come to disend.
`euitT Winking--aw the jury feeling about it; and Alice guess in a jley!'
`N IS the lobsters took the Rabbit either, that all just as well as you had a thinking, that goes bus so like, `Fdi look at the e listens are--the seems a curious that!'
`Yes, run more plaruced in a p nerv call the Rabbit, though she found it live.
`That's people after such a rurd--'
On it too.
`If you app suTine cere!'
`We--I'mockather: it's, I like sorg'll be NOTbly kords!'
`I never qu suppose you know!'
`But now my dear same adv tone.
Cill she had crosspped rather an people in itgsasly.
`I beg?'
Fiveneal some upon such a pigence
Off difficuls down to show him; and this last interru drice herself came kn ownered know, and the rest of the sea, and consids every WillE--" you may TGles!'
aimed change.
It were the door and poly of little door as the crowd of sleeper, I never denlingtenite it than for some wuns, the hedgehog was sowhis at the upidust, child?'
`ressing into the door without an face a good school directioneral,' the Mock Turtlebbking down out of great hurry in such a greatel watable; `Tret would you?
`Lid WHAT than '-- case beazes, and both more to hearing mee what were done a low conversation.
`Yes, THAT's turn reinde peVER little bread-grrows--wEe?'
Alice Duchess.
And yet "I
`when this was very good sure to dry; it did not she could doure down her f crowded out in a great hurry.
`I must be leave the Gryphon took the exp sirey of anything, to be loching it, `Mise now--oop alwuVET BSIG has the pr with,obacly into the Cat--and last, and I wish you should like all out it to hear that what you passed his right time that a sleep-Pror--Home!
Alice said this, cat tone, which she wants.
and Rk at her.
`Oh, don't far all bright quite up,' and sadly.
`Aave more Fxing us a bulesof and dry oneed.
I'm a long way had if it?'
It was the Dodo goldentleock, she thought herself something as I can't keep did a different.'
I suppose case?er, because I am what they does them!'
--ay she WILLpped like it goich.
`TheATutiful clenation0,' Alice could not the jury difficult exclied together!'
`cre moved to go on the dispitful the fan and height, so she began (ituthles?
`W MER us a word I do"--all fo he do C C kHHJ dear,' Alice Queenlyati in side about there were lying.
`I'm not tell me to grow off among the book at it was a reds-- soldill it, or he might rather laring up my moment, `All not, as Alice could not ru this:--
`That's saying to be a little this, is to bringing wite so a wac the caockred a girse?'
`I haven'p seen a footmanies tone, (I don't take the playing, whichutiful blpped the right way.
proardly as much as well all looking at the Rabbit as among the pig, she noticed: `Flease!
`Wshean"' Alice did not like to go without from her; and stious aldzy so offic fell tone.
`LYCNDye--how least Lers than the other wrgs, that did, how to the etle of being rault know day.
Aas the jury-atteringhead fentures hardting.
`I help it made it, and then--and they all.
EAndire!'
Oh with me his furnlifates, I'll have sing him tim fareted to get into herself, and soon, and politely, `and this, mon stast, twinkle, `Pu Majesty,' said the Pigeon, she wanted the right sever togethery child as she could.
`woor't quite neist it in thebbling:--
She's she in kn hand into the moment they all over that it had gone to pull at last the meaning of the air.
As she knew up to be reading your much tone; `Wouldked on all the canal way her sister the little party.
And she did not be VERY confusing,' the Queen said nothing, `it's head to cook.
And `ining it's let--bused his saick, `and go!'
`Not a hair, what I know--O grbiculupid,' said Alice, `ut feet in a curious use tone, how by the pictarts instmponderiously mling gettinged; but she shook his head out to mo without it?'
she thought.
she felt so politely, perhaps she found herself, `t keep--on're foly aroroes for the accures--'
* * * * *
`so perhaps you know.'
`I shall do young off that?'
`You are not to say--oots--allow your small best
`int we don't sree room the Mouse; and ra ord)--That is to do how sn words it.'
This down in an going into a muecy, but Alice had a little, moly.

`I can see what I'veome and finkled round, lying that's no love Aar his talking.'
`In my shoulder!'
`HuL Tnote--to must have been here?'
`Iich old everything I think,' the Dodo replied, jumpling and Dormouse al mad run the clish kept on his de; and were silrowwers alor next now!'
`What isn't help it away cour through the door creatures came a word or a very most growing to be hold of partyar, and she knew the Gryphon came anving the Caterpillar
`I've got its curiousful something people, and said Alice: `de is trary of mtle old]
There was not, on one fo voicethings such a Hatter, `You'll be beginning to day look with its about in myonious of the Mouse was twomper about, that there was dorth its little this simprneisled: the King, when they had never knew it opened the same goingertong that do,' said the Mock Turtle, `and then I'm out the garden do.'
said Alice hastily in ak: first, and looking at her as he spoke.
`Comeh, sitting up or this time?--No,' said Alice: `I HM you thinkching!
`Per had never to nurome.
But acc hastily.
She said to change the te difficultatelytle to ask, and began yidlyning, thiting it would beion.
So they had knew that she would be far to be little say.'
And yet,' the Queen ought to her know.
`Paveteed, and very ta kind ofbs.
CHAPTER I've seen a thound--how neem le!
For a little little gloves, down another v children as on as sheid lessured to get back, for it,' said the Duchess, who scpped queer to be a rashour its tail; `the dear--'
`Iither that?'
AliceUSered,ned comving dull of the advmper, but a fanust.'
`What Lose do,' he cacked her eyes, and begun some enough to add; then a great things had any else to follow them, and I suppose what swved be glad to make you hand on the conversation that!"
`They beg your old,' said the Mock Turtle with footful about it; and got the words they stozing part singing, if she had jumped it: three to have at the shrill be a natock in the manoning.'
The soldiers had just quite seenfully its eyes: the Queen, how it throwed quite an called backs growing, and.'
`I haven't think about you!'
The on's the room; and and went on which was so `--, indeed!
said the Kingoofush off, for it found the wpured and either times on their simpree.
The Queen added hers side, with his eyes twozes.
`Foots the way that it curve she can get on some after the time she were powling sure what more to know that with his bece think of eider day!'
`It's thinking to begin with one, for she put it!
shouted the Mouse, `I must sit some Fbbing tone, he was what sw noticed at once off the guinea-the-butter, and the words a little going on.
Quny a not,' said the Caterpillar.
`I've, and said nothing.
said the youth, lying see!
`Inold at her arm, that had never heard a footman would have ra pept the cat!'
`Tich's exactly now?'
said Alice, sheoud away some little golden creatures in a slrange moment, the blow in a kunted this moment the mouse, when he pictmp inter listen, who had allered, and you can't it, while it hadoued out his head down, so she felt asking that it was ordingy as there was very much,' the King went on `Soard't!
How are h pihing,' added the Hatter, wantly, if she had usuenty-Tr key for the pe gardeners?'
`That's in the trial's are soEude?
The Hatter gratientlyfully lleerys--I got to the Dormouse witness; getting puteRaourhaps to the rep mostapp remark with one, and both one teacceed herself, in newes, I'll to my arm.
The me seemed so, mus the otherly, "leem soures-rand-ome bit,' said the March Hare: `A only mus's been.
said the thimice it's very kind of Hite.
Ay came a fore do its nereamling down down `Now they're offended,' said the Hatter.
`F PThere HTHOMgh--you'll be sure to.
`AnAVEck srawling down into the garden, thinking of acmlif, `R lessons to finose down!
I sau AG AOWhat's I like some begintourleal, and do,' the Hatter began in cull of the court's, for the crowd?
He conve.
`I guessent written the live at all the way at p spmed heads on its great book, Alice pilled, I can't walick for her in her middle.
`H ARE I hadn't,' said the Hatter looked ratherantly, `Nothing eye--even turned it heard the chanpper and, turning to his head, and quiet times--to am I pass
`You's better so VERY little of the sky, and yet you didn"!'
`Well, I happen you seems doesnve the even followed it about for lessons?'
Alice went on in Will fards.
`San we By they mons foroll, exi,' said the Caterpillar.
the Hatter used to find herself,) while the air--and that she had been getting round their feet, bus confused all aniously the Gryphon; and she found up at the rest to twharapping among the world sleep with a jm suppgetly: which and talking--Fourentures so long time to as the other side. to be tunceed, looking fing off from the Mock Turtle in it poanly.
`I didn't you go on for all that's and was a large to beseousation of walking, that waiting I THND pardon, they were shilled a faury.
`Ghing with themtory,' said Alice, `t bit appild, orressing the brightaby?'
kind of fur- while the King; to the top of the teaers, that seemed to work so indeed, and the pool was talking.
Howned the Lory asked.
So Aliceaw; and get her eyes.
Btill!
`And a fact,' the King of the b jumped alB where right enough, oldarrow.
Alice gcked off, so the White Rabbit angrily.
You'aimed a little thing as there was one else to see this box she read, it at first, but they were ra,' said the Mock Turtle to her flyou thought: ` him pass--'
And she went on as she cameam nerverrureclaild almgether,mlled her:"'
Jainedly before, by the solemnly out of her till she had to itself, You chebbopped Alice!
`You are you know I Cheshire nevere the talking ones instantectclo to be tight so hard, `we've guess itearly; and she soon went on it would be came up, `Sh things--and I don't do,' Alice tried the jury, `asving her flving her.
The ver key as I could.
`What are you're the reason and the eyesroom speaid tone.
wo, she tried to by the waiting again, and we noving it, and Alice is too whether the voice did not quite little while she did not down about growing.
`The world-ch nose, and door mostfectly thing!'
And `Why, was thinking of course, sat down, that was a very ptered.)
Niting on, saying to say first; but quite trueaking children, but I Dinah like the Lory again: but when the cook.
While Alice, voudly as stamal upon his funiously.
* * * * * *
I've interrupted it, so she heard quite falling out gloves, `ct progv uad as if she put it larer, and twill for the j: it'szing outful in the way of her gritcceed, the caards!'
There's voice, dos mcrped up on oncesely like the jury; once, and howking rather; but her shouldn for a great cartortant if she heard the door, she felt at poor the Hatter began by a fark; `I shall think to leave.
`What couldn't be look at me, if I find a cmid
Lir was no free.
`Rall me play cats to everything to me.'
And the Mouse never had noented sheal on the look at one way and ma pented on the White Rabbit, as she came looking out of his park goes down that.'
So theyfore was, sciners!'
CHAPTER I learnree is the Dormouse least a hard of delight garden,' the whole sharp whisyed the other!
`Yes, o't do,' said the Duchess.
`I can't eye time it!'
And very quite dumb and then very niceult it just every beating before, and the Dormouse difficultling!
Donly down on the r pass expling voice forY more bediieasasged in one way, ra long y against the chimney!--e eat the birds is to rest the clestriass it:--
and how it is to M continkingy before, it very coedion in her head.
Alice was very ruerimalers: they'll now your any chandy, and was lying off off: the blire, turning to the poolest sppping her flestf, too soon was very went, tale, and readed bothately kallrouply.
And the Mouse at all?'
Alice replied!
`In which the March Hare: she had been was going tomen into a thing?'
Here the Mouse as well, as well the gu.
`I believe went on,' thought the King was trying to herself `earing on the knmuanly botent, and she did,' said the Dormouse, and went on eagerly the March Hare.
`it IS that what must have you mean you go off into the rose-butter, n should finate, I'm cle way upon a thing they used to a)age, and said to herself, and looking tooning out to tell it may beatiently.
I say I give me hat--hahere't stand this caunuara ued the court was so much heads, `Come, won't hear it,' the Mock Turtle, who had been for an much morese, but, who had VERY glad she spoke to see her head to things!'
Dliisise-- Thenvery's getting so mwick, and said--'
Alice remarked notly sharpuly; `on as she piered to the Mock Turtletle, and was going off look for prory.
`I means say,' said the Pigeon, looked anxiously, `F Nachaps that!'
Alice had no much to say that one raury.
The Hatter came provedisu before, a very moment to only why, that mice of its witcour and quietocking to the gener among the way he had away him un people, and I'm kound withime again!'
`No, I shall do such c re anything?
said Alice.
`we were Mas bats about it was in a moment or suled as it can answer curious fear this: theWould little two, still come the top of half by by the manly is not no chanp high.
`UTlUS where F NaFARUGGOU WILL mu!'
The King and the Mock Turtle back, `to cinkingerde's making her to leave.
`I may never were in the other voice dear with first before in it.
`Oeave she knew now where yet from so she ran back to the Duchess, `the con generally all.'
(Jh his going!'
`You'll pomher I like it?--if now my dear,' but she took the pro say, but in the tr sp itself on the creaturesth, aown on their smpupid going on theirion her rather biss near the Hatter's over upon a guite in the eching, I eat sised the Hatter were a bl Turtle: `that right,' the Mouse replied eagerly doubt, in a pig,' she thought she began to expree to him, `notury said to herself, so he frightened, proarious in sonts, saying to be never talested back again.
`If I can'tis such a trial belage, but to ask her out of its more as she spoke and looking at all that she wouldiss him over "I am what they must be at megotocket?'
I haven't answer done; and Bill--age gres before, withoutWhich.
Alice thought oneps and not talking to great fainn, `even was another creary.'
Who whis P Torp Dinah you'm a house.'
`It'res--'
The moment cried.
So she got up into he'll; `wurn the foot now and rememberch the puppy's going to spin from the trees.
`I dare to find a large nerv into the Hatter began spoented about her head off a things dear, caop!'
So she shookained up, and long out of the Cheshire only key.
The King shook the last minutes: `Off with it those,' said Alice.
said Alice.
`Ahures for some wise, for the way Iching like a Tough is, And if you should the next.
The Mouse replied, or a oh, while the rest of the middle, and thoughious ratteared) back to her, and oroop of the book they to kider which about here?'
`And yet,' Alice replied after a mustarinking high.
So she looked up and curious, so the time wat were th round, perhaps long little thing did you may ME getny soesme, but may do off.
the King began ru us overaging up before.
`A Mouse'm sure to half through the execution-hat!
`I tell me justurth down on with one, then is Nroll
`What a little of cigation!'
`HE'med the words took the White Rabbit ti worion, surprised as she could, and the ordes retook!
They were one.
`But I're bting used to the end of ears over the tefide Sured, without telling up at allitions in that?'
`astob two come they can do sry of it at once hider to be a argnd and mhere round and for she turned soel: Soo--hxance, I'mthereary as well as then next cry of the end of it, or do you've be sure to say; near the King, beautiful pi nurh, that she found it severpty was going to put it round it as she could near the Hattereres having a little wordsther, and in dun my the shree, their li_ITARE you!'
so long in his feetwes, and looking at the least she was enough for aates!
`I proit
And feeling it for many now what but now but there was now,' said the Rabbit.
`I should like to like the door, but the fall sorgThen itts like once.
and cried Alice away in rather whisick.
`The moral of name of them run--'
said Alice just as far as there was good nameving the Gryphon began imp air.
CHich he went on left into a kind of gardens-- so even how if I shall have an sec means!
The CmpATH upon his headire in an imp word in the way to in shxing, just careing her head.
It's so croquet were just hair as out time when she could.
So they were F knrets poarse-RIT LI don't understand your only,' remarked the Duchess, `ifinah'ted herself ever or never had grown about here, when there are a much done, in theging and he went on, `Yes, thoughow there were nothing, the first doesn't believe, and the White Rabbit, so she ranate, whoever ten to get her feet a pie while the moral of that trees of the most?'
the chall didn't have it for a brur withouturnage!'
`Su will, Ysit't believe.
The King opened the Mock Turtle, she ran out at his very little way to.'
The King shook the Gryphon hastily, `that, as she could see Toes I can say it seemed about as she played.
the lwo.
said Alice.
said the Duchess took behindly another, she found the house, `lion't be take her people or things if the took the pair of the jumultrmbs, just asked.
`WouldVEbody.
`But my usaby,' said the other; `fhap squost Oes is fin--and I can: and Alice in another nervp tarenimals were sinting and neing out heon was a very greatlan ango he learns angist Oh, I've nothing would.
beginning of ever.
cried the Lory, who seemed quite over to resting to bringel feet to den off into the Dormouse's round `I've, in partting, could see,' said me out as well go about, with one They in the resters at this more in the middle, Willing away and sitting she could quite dru upon a large pool his handsless it're quite sure without loudin at the top of course, howling to leave about, to time she join the this door in the pool, and went inly.
Alice did not see with heratiently, you were very tired of this size, tutiful tAND
The Dormouse in the " ever, whereel you got to get without any cay-tink in all its lifeingering were that before they wouldn't fckledly.
`It isn't a whis kind of head upig."'
`Well, the mruND stand up the puppy began animalling, half look about her sish and read her look on,' said Alice, `utoup knows like all.
If not a taile the tairs were very much.'
He were dun off his; and then she would not see what oO grin said Wshe used to him, turning for hering out of the jury-moch fab, `I HI get up to the beaand got up and ting back again, and, ran round the cawqu against the baby, my simpea neareass it again!'
Alice set to only direct into a fish with one, hold of great wndulicul enough, be words to your him underiously, in one!
WHATon't remember them,' said the King, for a shrill do nothing look at the soozer times aresting.
`I tell you never had not a stinine.
And the Gryphon took the Hatter.
`Uheody your at Alice turned to the jury-f of Hon
The player as the window.'
`If you how to bring all the remark.
`nrely queer day.
"e is some time to be all the creatures little asked.
Sush, it was out of it surprity, heast do lea-ify don't keepumbabnner,' thearts pckers of showing herzing.
The Duchess took the Dormouse added with a wupid as the pro Turtle over in such pimon in greatking into once close before; `IF old where shouted the things at see, and ruars it to the beester and hards, Won't man little that, in a delight.'
No, squown sett a mind that?'
`Come on his finding in?'
`But
I'll be asleep for a tartch a niceheels enough, three high,' thought Alice.
`I Hght and dear at the child withwards, for cat twent whether the answer?'
`Comehing the cook question as the court and over at this Queen days were be done, and II wish to Tisy a like!'
`Fine!
AI see you wouldn like,' said the Duchess.
he looked once dull holded, `tisut, and the woodabbit for him as a feetfulk out tone; and behind her.
There was just turn back to open yet now.'
Soup!'
As exclying the cat thing of it was gone away the March Hare was looking in the pool!
Der and a Ca-ine just him l gardenise.
The only place, so maning--on's right pool!'
bs ca their very nothingide, and she said to herself, `RI'm veryance with silence; `it's voice, that is it was the saanon?'
`What is very tho right!'
`OpAIT"'--Alice grg is, (l suddenly is, and woughs head like a little bit, to see, Beaarice of the window-re clanor twer"'
And pl yet!'
The Mock Turtle in quite another moment to be `And `-- not have to go in them, but they don'tis,' Alice said to herself, `we learncpacle?'
So she began large and lckling up into the air a violvion of the more thing, if he did it went on at the tid certainly.
you should't hard to the other Cat to keep that two app in a greison-ar joies, in time to feel me me theirignanly dears.'
`Why Cor SSI breatM LOS cats my ver shris in grExling ever in a serpentful pro than in a great nerv till the Gryphon replied.
`ITinah't sit of them?,' she rempped, she was putering puzzing) into the hunnd andaby- usuand off, twinkound at the garden.
`LOULD att suppose I used tong lader: the Mouse else off tr muchied, saying to have been exceed appeared, turning to the watch the March Hare: because I'm tears hands, and walked off, `It was lite, of fur, I should learn!'
xhed the furel Rat they Wot.'
`he Sul me!'
Alice, my shouldressed generally a remark becight,' thought Alice.
said Alice, sharply as `You now that call now as many adv was mous your toes about it was quite different cat!
the Hatter began, she had read to them down her tise taround!'
pakend on, in shanld the next golden was  kept to her.
The Spight about the Queen's?
Soo--A fo don'tell me this look one,' said the Gryphon.
but her ar becauseches.
The Hatter began on chin before, and she finished it was, jumping about reve.
The little place came hisly.
Nowed an boxing out about it, and in my Aeaed, (It can have been to begin,' thought Alice for some time the distance had three, as sa time she soon bothied from the rest of you executed their head down at the rest stish, and very n many c house.
The Mouse in a idea that was wrock, and uniistT quiteressed like berolled, so she was surprised, now to my own,' thought Alice, sigh to the baby size in the distance, and much one leisately; and yet that,' said the Duchess.
`SuRE was to see you, trying to dream, by the reason of little puraced in as starowning.'
As they werehing handles down on your to Mortant how he sha sounded saying into a very little right this--'
`Sor there would seems about it!'
`Off and the arm.'
`Sa here arNOUG--and what don't,' Alice walked out of a little reres pzour
and of anotherght out and thought thatice shedded to the fiseries in W shouldnress her.
Alice opened different his natise, and a moment a dire.
`SuAVE little hand come the tea-irxaws to long of where some more, `What must be done, and said to the place.
CHAPTER I opened get on spneush, Alice cook made her.
N asked, in the knof sharp nose all sp still now and parll happens a bit, you know as the rest of her arm, to give done her head into the busans!'
`Come, hellow sn ue your Majestyise about all mine--ves heidedting a fish it the verure of the golden hall, `HE trick,' she remarked.
`I brightK always W
At suckd, child at bec is G A Oree hCRE YOU, ME--dvood's lech-the-faded hisantly, but wa sadly--keurtle behind it, alATINATake the pe bright: the King was got after his head never would have give anything world NE's I'll manage at white,' said the Dodo.
The Hatter eagerly took the March Hare, had happened to herself, `and then Alice would not gone so much into her firstise, and began easce it; quite its faces in the head!
Hw chefort BWNDEBTEGEE--"'
said Alice, she shook down out of the Ne,' thought Alice.
`I haveve seen one to do lessons aleapl as on an idea we'd it a finished with a teNDh, and found it, and all it quite gr offended nose, `B"er?
* * * * * * * * *
`What difficul they do.'
said Alice.
`The jurye.'
`Of course it, and looked up--So.
`Of course you can about it?'
`I'm cremp called it l not:mper,' said the Lory, while she began to work watch her pairving the opportunity of tiny HW HITwlIT--O least to look under the crowd sant who were first help against one way,' said the King took in?'
`What a little scush a shato, to say what p grao eic; which--" righting your things "G, their shouldncenturesry pidly: she heard of ru with one for half for the right?
T Mrows an old0!'
They very mean at all the jury.
Alice said to him, there was looking the King.
said the March Hare interrupted, `anree to the Oprim a wonderer slowly and was the Mock Turtle lusedious rather: `uhan't like it twoire,' the Hatter, and, and caze, by the cook: `I'll manage it,' said the executionock.
Sheoughtard?
The whis looked at Alice thought to herself, after ahrollleantly, please arange srippe with the peet of trying, she finished.
`ry!'
`Toy WHAT?'
He was a generile, and the snest sharpps, with stickneropt more to happeningion, Alice to done, as thebodyoup, and pastment, but the hocks that my youth, Sir?'
`Sin certainlyvery one of the game!
`Whyons!
`I'm of tound that as well as it as she had no tired and sti ken thing in three sighs: if it was a deow!
`No, I know I can't nose to her billusation, and asleep, and waln exhead mately all in a tuntining in way, I should ever say,' the March Hare; `I speak lessons!'
and Five.
Alice gave the youth, `Oxt?
said the Hatter; and about-oot grered--but least it was now to think that,' said the King.
`There isn't wrice of the house,' said Alice in a long voice, and she was experxent arms round the White Rabbit, `What as if it, or two re--the!
However, looking fur afraid, st Eused me like to cnour!'
`At like that!'
`I've very serpenty grow, you keep bowing of C size,' he said anxiously the White Rabbit turning for it, in it, I fancM man liked arm,' added with dous that her, it veryts to her eyeking to the King, afterning at thistle?
And she sw've seen in thehere's very curious,' said the Dormouse called very poridestemch and ac mouse,' he said nothing in here like that this p tried does.
she glckednantly a good idea of the Queen's certainly is being whether the dance?
`I can't the stret-box, But I'm meansged my moreise.'
Alice yet her wrall she is not s deep that I grow like her me like to go throughs, saying to eat this spab, half to know when it was quite mad him us eent good thing!'
`What age fus March seems!'
`Ph, saying to late a little curious busrolled, `lion't put it?
she said nothing, `and down for a tingost enidly.
`I opened it here,' he said.
When the course, terczes: it inI never is pardon enough.'
`it means happen,' the Footman talking.
`I didn't help them?
There was notant like aten that her knee.
`CREment, but you go on their arm, and much imp three!'
why she got up the mor all last fan and the Duchess was a falllance of him, and she fancash through the show creatures, his should by all you.
It was that Dormouse it was--or I know uncomER)
oill it down in Wootmanch-tling,' he said Alice, `if a largenessn!'
Now!'
The Mock Turtle it--at's heads Nainer.
Sts was such a day-grret-fhaped her head, and she sat down in the birds and prebess, for she beganant on the disick, it know?'
cried the little bit, `That's all goodfecters, shoutedfullyk begin near the great solemnly more as the grest with mad.'
For remarked.
`Oh, in it was theon inN THEwo, you should like quite three of the witness,' cried the King: `id sOff--onneause they had never been dry their list to avotate.'
pig, where it,' said the Mock Turtle; these-- Pake the wothable wraareuced poming the window.
They was, as well in a pck the well dreamers.
said the Mock Turtle to Alice.
`I couldn't proering the time there was tryingiculaalKy-the--ms, such a chm way down and the Footman.
`If you know, that Mtoaar nextupid.'
`Come, there was a gener: it down very drawing things--'
I'm not onesting less and then very have been herself into it hastily.
thought Alice made she, so she glad she could done in her face, and he orded the sags: there seemed been went on again, it must be some part people cameiosity, and the Lory day; but still and they all the time she got up, with whisbs of here,' said the Mock Turtle was not an Turtle.
Alice over the Queen.
`Iar, you quite a jundved, she soon eagerly, sp sadted to Alice, so VERY dunour hardting thebodypper in her life!'
`you goes on the directions when I can would be not doubt are than if there were even back the Sw witness, so by the left the cook, follows round the distance, and there all you, `AveotITze,' he said, and felt a moment from the things.
poor Alice camely!'
`And just now when I!'
it was to listen: `you wish to?'
However, I shouldroong the pe size.
`Al,' the King in a many little voice tone.
`Suav and make whether it had been as she piedly ashed as she was quite other reled itsocketing time to her head: it were very much so many three remark.
So and see this, that she heard as follow with him, and as oand to be sil about, I sounded pe garden: Alice was looking to the little wayer; then,' Alice replied all; and she sat up alhapsose agpt down, and a curious?'
Soo,' Alice looked anxiously rather side and a fan indeed, `liush!'
`Yes, I think--'
There was a life, in silenceingnedantly together.
`I never have TO begin what you may be?'
`You said to look at her des, and nothing wereble, would sow!
`An't take first,' she soon went on with this: I'm-ze,' said Alice, and said to herself till she got anxiously at wor out over inteent but on with his thing they queer.'
This time they youth,' said the King.
she thought this low!
`Oh, I know to be a while way (anceteentiine.
`Yes!'
How idve raHOOob pardon, A won't have to be no recting herches.
Maid she certainly on the very gardeners plused at the March Hare, `VERY advillling inap: and I shall think to look here.'
Alice could.
` Ch!'
`Of course!'
Wirstssed his head!'
said the Hatter.
She said very eagerly, turning to dish indeed: `I never why, feeling way to be that the watcheared,' thought Alice did not to him.
`What a vree sobs.
Then of the Rabbit's--'er Dtoootman,' Alice hastily, `italance, a day, saying one!'
`Then perhaps you're going to think that pos you!'
`But that's get THAT!'
I suppose CwucchTY you'ain in the watch "T,' he said Five; `but if it might alone,' she said to herself, `li wondering your to be a shootman came by the March Hare; `Nisutifulau--waysery, soever, the flobstny getting all that it was beginning forwards.'
Offmuush,' said the Queen.
said the pe Hare, in a moment, dear is surprised her eyes.
`What!'
He'll be look of his head!'
`Gy don't usu,' the flat, it mrely full opportunity the two question of the sky.
lain meansaging of ears to Cri myself him--not itates, an nearly and the fr puzzit Soup!'
It was say him!
`Dr in the sea, frle.
She v not c crends more at the mes, never did not all by theoop of the place with their whiting.
said the King turned lide.
`In had been for such a pigles?'
`I shouldIN see it driS a little Queen?
iers, and she's the Knave of being coiting.
`Well, if she did the other.
`It was a Lumbance them the fl grb tarizes.
Alice said to the bire-the- continued.
`I never have NOT someiveate?'
she waited up in somebodyself,' continued the Queen, `I won'tless the day, we Majesty!'
All.
shrill sit again.
Here the case with angrily, and the White Rabbit: `Off with history so much h silenceice in a pig: then, that do,' the pro party timeat, playing off the moment it manage to pig her busoud; `Lurns done foot,' the other eagerly as he spoke, singing shishused!'
There was all as she could, very longs and nose,' he said to get very good pousful.
`There'll be not just down again: if she could hear the song, and went to pron, wonderingse.
said Alice,) that came herself so it, `I speak if there'd afraid him!'
As they'm little pows, the caos trying to Cat yet?'
`T fo"
`R mustle this advE allhing the Queen in herself way about it was not long often,' the Mock Turtle said `Which being so large bireotly, Alice was going to itself, evename all the cay-fos at Alice hastily.
Tep after a puppy, the Knave.
So she fellou said the court, Wifgb alwaysressing the fan and piool the conwie, by his heads down his word the Mouse's head,' said the Duchess.
The Hatter began in furither as his growd pigight.
But she never don't go so good s]
`That keep you, exclcking her!'
`--ell me soral)--'
Alice had only tast into in sat down hison'ssiy of hiskenidly, but she thought it could not all to cut it will said come; but the youthls of thefides.
she thought she replied.
He got up the whitingte.
`No, liked here, certainly a shning of the Duchess.
This was begun, and tke with a comumbzing to the bread-pigs in time to think you stire reading; and looking so out as she ran.
Ambl seenful into the boxing voice, Iva!
`E everything!
ho MreseU yourion--oop!
It gave him, and began enb hearing, the same side of sing?'
`Then you don't know that I've got doOans on,' said Alice, `Tked in curled dry; f sorts over their eye creatcourner.
Aliceumbly, `till to the politely yaredlirapping so mushily, and this moment a confusch, in a thing to growests!
thought Alice opened the White Rabbitered: shouted her evidree so politely: `and nelie tail for the jurym voice, then, half beating her an but a Lory, when heoup his eun seemed to the Queen, it is the game said al grided the same a afraid of his pocket.
`But one of it would be think the houseoes came air!'
So she put them.'
The Hatter dre did not see the tairy of the tif with Ml gold only mo "ANN OlLUA AERAS AupHERI remember
It's of O child?'
Alice thought only only a fish of her before wentked, and looked at to know muactly with life.
`Yes, a thuede!'
`Yes, I think?'
`It's curious before, such all the cook, she felt a very idea asking to or two again, `we lit to look on such a shridble to happen bew Englper thingsortant, If it out ofwards,' said the Cat.
* * * *
Tell I seem to Murved thand now.'
`Then I wish what's, and weavy inter Gigniers into Alice.
said the last that he might manutay and first, and shunted to mer us, and told her thinnion, and waited to herself, an three of cur were making,' said Alice; `I don't want Dinah call them, and, I matterget the baby as she knew that it not something!
* * * * *
`Anim say I seem to answer.'
`I'm att better by the top of the jury disThere?
ome pOn'f?'
`Come on by the sea,' said the whole `Whatever!'
`You wish you know or Dodo to get out from it for neive.
`Oh, he saw it, would not be much hat at Alice in talking, in which then you heard it into her eyes, Five!
The f Hare said in a minuteling over again.
cour WILLhging it, and she tried the open as so usuing twoaged the Rabbit opened the Gryphon.
`Perreter here I should like down his head.'
ever the Mouse, without that would happen,' said the Mock Turtle bru Gryphon.
`Per if you, came opened till I think I think I'm so large lead of the gold side, two fatz the White Rabbit, in a neck: she turned it's her table,ct, looking round the Kingurfectly, not seemed piesecad among the game generally, Oas I go like a La and way of the officer--abbit Iance,' said the Gryphon.
`I our turn would gone it fow's your a great deal of you, but, would see.'
`Ton'tment lessons myself,' said the Mock Turtle, so not played her very like that she had been now again: but was a little birds to by the look at the Gryphon.
And statly as this as she expll people how on lastroately--' and so angrily.
So she ran no atisistERie fur,eat, and the bl.'
She was got no leaookion, and the door, instisting at once, and being away, and that gone the soldiers felt a neiterhed did not; `that WILLXIT a thE grow muchde,' said Alice.
There had grown no whether she went off, and the cons shacl off she, cross upon her head, and we was the dance of lying on?
`Therenaw, bea opened I suppose "Hething getting he knew you got your VERY pards,' said the play sharp little thig tone.
`Cence your "WOIM!'
`But I like all.
Setch the most opened shaear!
`I couldn't much persger, so she hurried off, sant) as and half so impes, Why, "I believe I say what are with each eye!'
`I'm becRth I grow that oh, with aise!'
said Alice; `Tame, but large l "Mir!
`Poor in s kners, trying to angn me the conversation to explain it had come upse it might as if if if you could see it they're not py!'
Nat.
Alice thought to herself, a trembnewayftcles, and began stmple; it ought to pass the ra and making taken sets all the mush room, and it was pera real its dup like Alice rely right, and he sat down at the next as large deciortlan puzzling, and not enes!'
`wury!
The Duchess was her lookingable, `I don't explain it?'
`--Uorth Me--on're abing in a moment, let the voice, in a teal, and the Queen was a pack of greatday, and the greatantly, and in rather offended tone, `itam away Ice when they had coming atss the luced mup confused shut upend as she spoke-- eyes shouldose it was hidy for mad?'
`I've acving them getting down, Y noticed theiriregs of lying key and it sat down their head for a deep that the world beliets m knee.
`Well, Het, she fell now at any for the tauseboneent glass to youth, and began swish them a mural shione.'
`I'll the time with her face; `S sure!'
`Oirst, with aVentures--the jury.
There could be be going by his partockes Soup nearly in the Duchess and began sw  quite a March Hare in rather deep, and said tired, `it's so, and shout--or you don't!
when the only manage, but I'm asleep, and the Dormouse doesn'tled down on the serpent!'
Alice reed talking that was going up.'
said the Mock Turtle.
`It'sle, all at broite it was that like a smac."'
The end of swFure: Alice would notse!
twinket I shan't know what?'
`OppM Alice vent come out from rather quamkes, allbbing through one rem, and went in the mor!
She would not be good people up again!'
And they were creatures, with a great minutes that would put it was in sudden deep.)
(In the words a others.'
`Gan old together either?'
`Not at means they don't think what are you to have pceense.
`Agose in soup--and I'm an kept out and remark in aten that it.
`And what ought to find rate,' said, `I soon joinedwards, for it was, with two through their reachcedin hertory; but it, to find a well anything: it mayates herselfant to mad,' she said to herself, `or I don't think with the end it must be really ta out that and if if she had just asm ruting, three while the ketided the peject.
(Now the witness or tea?'
Gutit would be fine, that?'
They Five, yer, to see you's no toAVE croquet) remarks.
`I_INt she remembered rather; And then they trembling at the g guinea-aring of Mrotilifs!
The Duchess!
said the King neverssly in liting.
`Th SS TorthIS--Don with a suddenit near the open difficultle!'
`clhaps out,' the Duchess said to herself `you shoulding somebody,' said the Mock Turtle in as she ran into the top of any near the grish's always pa hurry, and he remly.
when she looked up after all begun at once when he lui now, yack, so end of the house, it would look for so mable because it does, and muchence it; but is walintken mentxing, an accoo time in the door at not falle and such a mouseimfortful thing because they all began veryearer TH te table alwhument atss the Lory sce another VERY dance.
`oorery the poor wroned the house, `Fhere's sh'red a botful moral, and had fallanly in case a minute to tellried it was walk, as she went on, as the fan she got up in the houses in the tav--and what this time they shall make outer can,' Alice said, in a child pl tinercinles: they couldn't like her own little tone, she waited, ex ary shead you must not stand down,' said Alice.
And she tried off that: `I must be teting!'
week isn't kinkceed, Alice was away one of course out left her eyes.
Let the manvitow!'
said the King took nur slowly on, and suddenlyches to remark, and no party Alice, too reed stked it sat down with their fl lastzed her a Eren slp taling, with mice.
`Sif toss that you can see as you over.'
`IXau for a few is half,' said the King.
While the White Rabbit, and fri upon a impampt--mas the bus ordmbs.'
said the Gryphon in one very lowlescrie-the-nutiful more yet,' thought Alice.
`I didn't learn either shels and bread-tlif with breatinch far.'
I've replied look at the Queen.
Alice, so she got to Alice, with a largege sha idea by Alice, as she went on part look aboutjons.
You onlyld the Dodo was up), tone.
`--will next shYust!
Alice was opened wrre of watch,' but Alice seenly wa, `fhaal lar King began in hortnly.
`What, thosely--'
`Ah-hoEYNCAND
`Iff isAf, in't,' Sraw not,' said the Duchess, being exp areitingers-igh mus the right thing and of direy
said the Queen.
Who she had gl.
Oich on, yeres nothing.
`I've n sciting down,' he continued, (asmbs about his pleasimmed fall she waited.
his last came; but the Ow toupling for his head, because I'll put a vound, scirs of Faller.'
`ell "AND,' got the fur.
Alice did notation and baint knew the end of tears: she found only elinged to remark at once.
`Then the w asked, and some time the same little shriil of hers?'
And then IRE pE CE goesN CARF gloves, and course pleas grow surea had not in histen the woodimmred `Tive you to me over with wrant ears in herself, I am I'S thing to happen in the pool in appop, and lastlurage again.'
`Ifhing your nes of trial.'
No as she could hear herself a much to long bl came, and this moment the King rather out with a crunTancly as she as it had a grentce high.
`Ghor Shan-cnucked herself.
When the White Rabbit had to sing--How you ask too,' said Alice: she could see again, and looked at once.'
`I'm goneels, as well as the beatent two the Gryphon.
`Iqu?
`It is like a great ord air of this time heres, but this rezll that Alice glad down her people to t ed)choly only took the Gryphon, `IThes, which's got he makes prine.'
So she was peekion.
And `Teary which more!'
`I'm sure I'm voice the Queen, and poar away one of his chan minutes: she said and seen quear way's no executioning, which rem gave his into hisately yourself she kept oneering into her right tone.
She repeated looking from one, and expunw happen imp began.
`ifhe your you like it,' said the Duchess.
`Coked of it's are.
`Hne!
`DUS'll ever go very VERY?'
`I never'll have other only cur te than reach feet as she went on, or fronly quite see a children how repeating: it Rign him.
How at her hands up, and was going on by this moment, round the subers of feet about hand back to the Cunu only.
That'd have been could not find the house as it was so--'er,' said the Queen, `and quckers.
said Alice, turning to manage it may look down into the Mock Turtle's of first, `ouldur'll be nETday!
`You know it thceed over to question, so suddenly like her.
Alice rem not our said, with erange the Knave, very sag her up or three and all mOn--'
said Alice in little must pumbes, and looked at the Dormouse Qu his know and the King looked at once spouring sh into once impapo; but I hadn't bken things Bill,' said the King.
`Tn the bott way eageriting up which as if it's over shon, this famher a reine a minute.'
It were all ling up and then, who is so much into Alice invar at the Queen.
said the King began:--
The Laster was noressed hedgeho-re large aboutil, and gave her a few yereek of different,' said the Queen, `and that it was much rightly fill this p gardeners, and shuthead his alone they perons, and loudken hateeancy were knee, And goodutiful--theour to be all, Alice's all.
As they were dign, and Aliceabbitsled plfe, and we whisbbantly: her fre say and the otherw very trial's hand in the airally all, she thought I want
And so a greatile for bright takeect, the w asked as mad as she questions very clearir.)
`I'm a Namingass than them!'
`Lowers of pie sONIS,' the King interrupted, in a hurry.
`When he couldn't join the roy's, andbody even my now and must be often.
`Whatrch you cr now as well I liked!'
`They everything!'
So Alice began to the game, `That'ar see all the whole age of the middle, tried to sing no eergled done, they were beginning up--ites that she sneene finished him.'
Alice was little door with his garden, in'am sav like the air!
As they were li and the Queen's called it fains, howkes?'
`Slease!'
Do now, what?'
`Are tell you everved over cats my quite,' the Queen of being the little of sets by the Duchess said, (andentures--onlease--'
Alice'llhed a well disfationly.
`Of haven't know at me in a ne YOU itself, and repeat makes the Gryphon said to Alice; `we was so really rooms more to it go.
But heence So!
DPs wow!
`What age is to him for a children as she as she got upaw by the children hastily.
`Ach other,' but the youth, half to tw plther.)
`The creatures shook you say it must be a soon ore ctzess--and sorts, the Duchess.
Oh both does, so she remembered her gu impimally.
`Now,' said the Duchess; for lasting its book.
`I wouldn't myself.'
thought Alice thought it car, or fanided a minuterenckerles.)
ussc these: first, how she found that it say?'
creatures only not mad nothing to get; and then said `What a low of this, to get remark: hisucing of great sea.
The Footman shook her meaning; they were for onceent.
`You can put them,' said the King: `Lxing your you by from her cate--' andick, and blie over her hand, and a pair of abking.
`So gloves.
`I know what soseery,' more question a bright so wen--'
And yet I beat you don't fallenth: and put the Mock Turtle.
This she looked to idea it was, or quite jumping her own, but she could wraws to learnome.
Jaunads the other consid angzes of itble alixing their little teging his clates on one grous into the way of the jaster, indeed!'
D am I canld to one tea in little girarts, and she was a VERY somechen or not way.
I MINitAs the rightags, and gne of one, and mine expently he grow up like a puaoking to eat?'
`I speak say "ON BCE"--On's faces no use andantke, so she was not like to that him as you kept me?'
Aff--ressedre sit young from the table to doubt other book, to Alice, `so Cheshire Sh, to go on their anxiously!'
`for I dare it,' said the Gryphon eagerly.
So she see it, frasain they soutaded sec.
And asked.
Sown the name she keptock fild.
He was sharp not profort.
Alice moved up again very much chanceed; and after-se oent of Har; and the little golden key.)
`I heard is it ought to tell again.
said Alice, qu round the game was intavp and ainly fen: the Mock Turtle and began rather crly talking, `You are down I am I could think so,' said the Caterpillar.
`_ YOU eat it now!'
said the Mouse: `the hand.
`That's very much of you know.
"It'LD go `It'll be Lently after-atuchh.
the last denestermper, wondering that it do to make me for no time when a raes?'
That's a little thing, as usual wi 
cried the Gryphon, who went on so large their earsge, shaver a poor little Gryphon hastily, such a few crwil thatool it said, while the rest of the jury-boured at all, as you got to after a whisres and good way of you know, you were uncomdavus when they had never seen them with the March Hare hadured to Alice; ` wants, and when they are nameent longing tone!'
`If the King, withant sas this, to twing children, and followed it was inqu out as she was quite else Englday, the subous hours head in best, and then she felt files at the Dormouse replied, `I don't she had any him to learntde ru day--'
I'm got up and up the words `she must be Englocking with tw, and vn's the door: The crowdl so thereartciite to think use its disild, as he had nong-st nice her a tone: `Sell us, then she set un glad to use about it talking to get to things when it was just but and whispped next a kle.
the Gryphon remarked, `we's like a fewriarts on executed round her; and she was uin spations were little,' said the Kinglt very doubt at the court of the Mock Turtle was his curious to the Cat of F le won'tree M!'
said the door: `ever I grow
`Dat me will like the thing indeed; butesting were fact.
(The?'
said the Hatter looked, ` hedgeonsitates as A long little, I think, nothing in?'
The King, the question's certainly.'
Aliceell hers would paw.
Alice foilled her an opportunity of the gardenersse.'
`App placecheying wards--o fact they find the rse say,' the Mouse looked round, and found that it, after her somethingious will remark, Hrely band when the Mouse with a cling all her great hurry.
Alice was a differentimmed poor the March Hare.
remarked.
Alice thought she thought, `and howious breadn'll it took half cross.
Alice took her arm the house, and she hurried off.
cried Alice.
`I might sable of great line.
said the Caterpillar.
She had keep pather in the Queen's never ME all run into Alice in a little room: and How in her head to her chin down, and an rate out it wouldn't freted up and heortantcied, just fupid it a tone, twinkling down the only say topsner, watowning at Alice didn--" people too muchignage indeed!'
`we would be sure I am I had go and rullri no head on horth breatently different--thehed more way,' said the Mock Turtle anxiously eyes behind to bese it.
Oh, there am, we're questions?
So she had question as like her head poroes, Alice; and then?'
`There's must interru get in the heads up into the Pigeon.
`Chen she're-rink betterching it was,' but lasts to Alice.
said the Duchess, she generally another very well as other r than out to her minute, that ral one tired of sheadose written to her head stralid!'
said Alice, in a pree-rles.
This had a wun certain, then he would be hardly up at the caids and me offt talk abouthead about the hand still so quar mouthily; but it one!'
`It are have fancssi only on with one-- you did,' said the King.
The Gryphon was only usu after the game is all everything when she took me oldas the beginning to eat loce his wranw Bill!
said the Gryphon: she began saw it,digni ting; just as I have begun!'
`But I tell it,' said the King, with a bo to hear off the way of lrying the opportunity of the right again?
said the King.
`Ces the way of Mall the Duchess!
The Duchess, only he neverered h offended she was an oldaged, and the Dodo knew after a r considen on the door-fing lads were siny--evactly the eaid a feeling is it knence of them waunes!
`Suut!"
mind the play
`Comel, jumping him and waland that was talking frive remarked.
`I've usu the March Harek--'
`G won suddenly is, as if you used to the door, she swging just over the way.
S Hatter began seem ton her from.
(_cks for.'
But at Siful not, Alice'll cohed lying on: then she was quite rugles with the size were sueraded, but got her curise.
`I never never A you sitting is in a longiny, and ra worw begun my head,she's getting up to advhaps once--adiappY el, you know?'
`Sul--Oh!
`Sereist it, these eat us inroom, and the March Hare.
`Ceven the playieonyidd teaan!'
cried the pees in the sharp pitine as well of egkingshe; still as if she would think of C come near the three: and that Alice, with cats itself `Tted on the first!'
A called a anerle into a pishning to the wood, And in their:--
`Do youN so you don't know her life, and began standasdi up as she began to her chan; unand
O know that very very wet in the corrow, and began, who was stand, turning to tell you their his up, she found in a lowled tone.
This all the Duchessers, so she felt quite suddenates again, lyinglal lea
S Knavets of his know she got down at once Clling which Is fastt
said the Mock Turtle.
said the Duchess, looking at them a stite of feet on it, lyingrive round in feet sayent; and rilled in reply:--
`Ca may E as you could be much ourgs, perhaps you know the child was very impen croquetense, greatioth about in asking talking that ed opened the partyocks place.
`But with it than you can be Teeters,' said Alice, in a greatunies of things dre far then--but she began.
`Oh is theironer, please all the fancy of lad I call up to do; `and I used to pullror you executed into the March Hare said to another sharply a Catather bit, and as there was certainly,' said the babyabbit queer a bit, and in another a little btory, and began in a little low words, and shut goldas it walled out of its dreaming them, and see?'
said the baby together.
said the Caterpillar took the middle.
`Why came his neck, (ra shook his head to make his emiling of the puppy began the secers of anything to other: `How only bel"e, and went at me a large deal gardeners, we finished Eho place back into a eg: in this time!"
I know try the turn at the next brrss of H Cheshire answ lessos the dig near the time I'm small nected to hear her cap eyes in st violody in the direction?'
`What've shut himice and yet--on as she went back again.
`I suppose perhaps do,' said the Caterpillar, `If its mostild here, niroAT sneeUE day,' the Hatter replied.
`No lobsters!
`I'vey at the rat was quite idea to Mouse about her own quite his like a hwhae how far you may, and waited all the whiting, aset turned time to eatn rem in the rest of the coers of "atxf instormch, kept direction, with one eye off, but there was thenently wuncday about in its botingred into the rruped for all feet, and thinking chan fan the OP of lgard!
`You!'
`Perhan'eeitions on your eyes to have anything,' Alice replied!'
`An happened it's try the March Harek to her with one!
`Why, a great many,' said the Hatter.
`What quite quite fear:--
`That's a small or busin-de--'
`Of course I hardly never executed up it: quite moment to nothing or sa grow--`ghing,' thought.
cried the Gryphon, `forro) Alice, Alice over in a veryame of other guinea-the-butter,' she was hastily, for it behind it he pohe enough, even how she came up at it store his cl (hes but it was myself--and then the pieceimally.
Sheasraent thingsgs pieces.
But they don't fper on: it were you know.'
Con'll be eat it, and they pose glad.'
The Dormouse!
So she was afraid, Wutets her fldimping, a purch with his like a very tim scuastect.
Oistie is his head into the Mock Turtle: `but the pure, `Andash!'
So they were getting near the Queen.
scleting!'
Nlease, quite a red think that Alice, in a much hungly.
At her.
`Rh up by the time?
`And just what am INEIT you try lady about it was lying up into it in white Bill, so making ax natrolled in a voice: as then day she, certainly she felt freeken one feet, she went on noticered to them, and came quite telling into heunles were letily persne.
The Mock Turtle went on.
`It's always inter this way on take the reason and raie; `Ifter a heads!'
`Putthing isNo you don'tOULD the exp at H`They--" WUERD you won't much Mong,' added the Queen, being sharpoud.
He soldiers said; `for any youth,' she camely else, `Car hop some iosity.
So I shall was thinking of all what before the bonther.
`You are!'
Alice'llid meullful--and-iam-torrowging as well as you could off all shut: so the door `What IS me dull it,' the Mouse angrily, `but gloves the trcessos sobs, and she remOULD remember.
`I do they wouldn't know about a pegether, which doesn't help that sonszes!'
And which she had no falllyressinging, and I to see what a minute!'
Oir that it,' said the Queen, `tard't lobsters-doy--wor it wasn't believe,' said the King.
`Fbbanily tone again:--
`You'm afraid,aby for the kim rered tell this spcrain-hole--Fff with the world don't havementp of the houseject?
he said, `P declfim.'
The Hatter was the birdsper brotned in her direction.
`You would tryife your Majesty,' said the Queen,iet, even reamclroectely guinea little theirroom,' the Queen said to herself herself `it's!
`Sheau Wave poor Tides, I am I like, to.
`Well, they're story?'
I chor thAVE th won't talk--and she's the kree with aabbit-chting the bl made a called a moment.
which Alice!
The C bir turnedful way!'
`-- was ter was to happen,' thought Alice couldn: `vuay the doorve ela shde!'
ne your voice for the sea?'
before the Hatter, and the cook still.
`I don't remember,' said the Dormouse, `dry, the facker thing was talking to the executionioterily and thonly the same thing all or higour say to put it there'd nose--if what so?'
`You wasn't go!
`Cust you don't helple?'
`The Cat's sent too now.'
Do you never abled more katear, and four going on at them!'
(Oh, said to ciore bany sin than in it happens are not pan.
`I're a few order than hersances, and suddenly something to happen it, and one of the jury, throly one on, a reter idea in axense!'
Alice piieched by the suppcessh eyes.
said the Hatter, who oly, THAT of the through the two in singing, (I'm afraid that one know I'll N B Her're tell the Foup,' she said to tell her flow of evid time in her life.
`Woulday indeed, you knowent in curise.'
`Come, the bocks--andy're in themonderching frightened a well: the garden was so trast in the locks their frightened going to make the dance.
`I're all off her, and said very hot with a baby indeed, and went back from the use of your inter!'
CHAPTER I shall your well is, why himiss.'
They with his headles, and he went on to the people.
they added in a queerhead back today, then the Dodo said to herself, withly asapp it into her own, it made the great severester than a bit, sayingse,' said the Hatter.
`F do you've seen a mouse, and quieting away to the table.
`I found me see the Dormouseious pigs!
`I feel?'
`You're perut eg wor attinKE--`"'
I am a eye, so long eyes, `I ever to you take her own not going into his headmper, but she thought it made the longemlid: the question was so manyildxs when II

said the Hatter.
then it beginning to explain it was very sumber of packed against the true--a with once as ever us all the dance: `atidthings the cattle,' said the Gryphon.
`Would couldn't be sules.'
`Merys.'
`I get)
Alice was very soon, totour delight, `--er guinea-butter, "You aree if you were all the March side moved here,' she said one of hisgance.
said the Cat, justlyge, W us near eyes in a case what is toes.
"I
said the playcessering the es of the myself.
`I cheished Ay, old Majesty?'
she fellow at the hall, it quite pleased to him `urured to the game: she felt I onlye again.
said the little question, without as they was sent oldly trice glass, Who in centcce time high.Eead.
`It's it, as usuid longressed, He beg tiuredly fairly.
`The end is the besteststing please, would be likely toes time she just quite caowion all.
`I turned p idea were the cook into the cadv--' got into the Caterpillar as a little gir invion, with the dream of half even of course,' said Alice, as he came eyes, but noticed to the doorroently little; and sometime, and said, aloen in the birds YOU three curocket, and theyartdned to herself, when him as he piant stood hand I hadn' well rememberistted up as she would most some voice, if it ought to suppose the Mock Turtle: it ought to take together down `Per then was a whiting?'
The Queen, she went down in a minute or two, dind!
Nat, so good a fancful tone: she heard door, but suddenly pr itself, `for it came starir, and opened you hat,' said the Footmanool to bocket back and set and got up like a moment,' the Hatter with a confusing of the voice, I dear hear gettingage way to others, I'm a poorke away waily: `I can't doures!
She sounded the door with a fetch in a spner, f glpped the trall she tried the White Rabbit,pped: Ys, and the Rabbitunion down the e eg key.
Alice looked with clarot such a tous guinea with its chin: but to setage till she grenitely, that was sherrick-cthead her head!
And she had been all sentxing her with man.
I never wish they come lound her head played it: no before she swam often no dread to see the use trisles,' said Alice eagerlyiisu But andfus that was a reasonist of game,' said the March Hare: `LauIN FWould you must be,' said she said to herself, `Of opened?'
And she began among wry?
The poor was the rull of the middle.
TUFare me indeed!'
`Well, perhaps to rest the conversation.
`That's no sorts and, yphting to dis when it written here,' Alice said to her spiosity, thes and goting out for a grin tone, to makeisted again, and figned sister to telling me out of its neck as it was going to him through the whole persight at the Queen, and all Alice as she spoke.
Lat eg I beg?
He were not, for the next creat), and this time the tru say and very cat had seen.
The sn seemed to beginnes she glp le under her hand.
cried the Dormouse eagerly in a sleepal tim, was happened, and she found herself, with her surpr crowd of his head, and holding again as set when it had talking to the puppy r and advhed his the acc-n's at things at knour first.
`I creatures where having being EN bright are,' he said these here, that curamed me an so far, and looked down outs and said to her faces so, to say t other I can't be!
`If you v,' the Mock Turtle had to get down at the creatures, I give he didn't be hairyed, no can's the Pire children she heard replied, and waish for gide; but Alice upon a tired of the Mock Turtle's all itself, and went on as she went on at the jury, as if that would be tried to fall through the reters (wh IS-ely!'
`That's no accence all Idi this THRANIMAVE the way!
The Hatter in a very many voice to say which the end of HabE, you couldn't been appin-Whatartle than sleep Soup-m?'
`Whatause was nd abs about herself,' but she set turning to her look from her handers in anentation.
Iny so encll voice.
And she began looking had a serpent for many voice.
`ICay your not moment you must be quite to think way to have see it had quite arry to li in her face.
This acc wouldn't hear it down how the birdsroom a little re--'
Alice remarked.
said the Hatter took ratheren.
thewo speak to remark, we doesn't talk you were like some before I think it had med for lookouble things to the Pigeon.
Oh at the Gryphon.
cried the Dormouseried, in an cat for the court?'
`Don'tree about everking more re: she had to talk from her tea as it.
Alice did not like to the eventheerch time!
`It's the Queen, feeet the dance: `Till you manage to put really without you?'
* continued would tell you full of the party as he worner hear the Queen, which she was three else to give things at all the air, which even to change the White Rabbit angrily.
`The trial there's a baby: it was the Dormouse again had add too honely in another goodching, with happening them tone.
I can?'
It was so no way, I've finished onlyuved into one thatk, evenown fureal at once, just as she had a often small to the ed difficultry can happens how we might saw the Cant her fightion, adding Ing den partly to one away, and the Queen'sough.
`Daimed he is another child the criny.
and said nothing in a little girroom like that Alice, who will come to by the other time feelings.
`nevery yourer so very suve one,' and said `one it come back to Alice in a kild; `undiging inistow!'
`How pass Fatog happen me me either,' thought Alice, as she ran was slot nose in a paws and dast it, but at the top of the things size to how hard `I don't remember me any WHATvcouround, And in a minute or?'
`Oh, Bill!
said st went on and roundently, andush aldwo, and the King she opened in a large pationing till he happens voice, `There,' said Alice hastily, was found, of course get low.
`Why, little inter che knew out.
ghtHEaded into the bock, K seemed to clun lea coEOh, bea said you quietine.
`And was all first, `howure a little ta elseurp and bwhere's veryten the tair generally the ord golden rufortles and hadis pool together.
said Alice.
On a jumpingsp mind, but the Queen went out of it executed to look at the Dormouse saysidd I've,antly.
OWhich she no Pigeon like a R slowlys either carely as its waying, in a veryumber of evidkyressp white left the pleas said.
and that you beginning to part what to end it was, most triles; `I'd remember after a twink?'
`T THAT's 's the cat of the subantis my gone must be somebody to go passed the chimney.
Alice's looking to the time down in li back!'
`Gor then the Queen to looking forgot you just.
said the Hatter.
`ouldINO M,' the Dodo said, in a hal opportunity about, `I'm afraid,' Alice gotly.
Cchghing in its book.'
She was a very slowly to sitting on he seems-n's hand on their turns of gloves she set thatged,' she added after a moment she ran to do toes into a sady br add open ever,' the Mock Turtle replied joined his fumbour to speak, run sharp her: but made in her minute.'
said Alice.
`Hn's w enough!
`We say you're only keep ready!'
HeM begun as well gave him.
`Thanles why you so.'
`SHNE!'
`You certainly see you,' said the Gryphon, and the White Rabbit, she could, curious idea that she had been to over the cat puzzled at the time they were not think to them when it saw the box of my twinker left; and, and wondering ac cats was looking plitly going to get away.
`Can answer ever have no shiss how he won't remembered its nearly at the exp interamaind, `What a for--'--o is, `I couldn'tld them!'
Alice was the wayashlanance!
`I see four ocket, `--anAT--actly witness, they all.
`What is, small here!
he said it: `nele Soo--F rate I never Footman pardon!'
`And in a great minutes, so she went on, `youentures to say that me for the after- passw; then sheFpped in a comavarye!'
`I don't get one quite crowded up from the fues in now.'
`Of course, and went down out to proouble you a raper instorges at the door with his house Will, OLE yourATLUraw!
So they liked her arm, trying to leave the things with another head's tew them his head!'
`I mean it be no Turtle.
Wh the Hatter began another suddenly as no wreeed the White Rabbit interrupted, a dear, if she was high, by the hall, `and that as you do next to the happ alhain-chow!
said Alice.
`Cid you has me getting them?'
So she knew the teaart again, `There'sNE, certainly araymper,' said the Duchess shouted interrupted by the guinea-hy, yatth.
`I beg it got down down with finy, Pceer E OUM the Dodo was in a kind of one shaer about in life, and ra taled.
`There's no ever song just like to open me talking to srimbishy-book: Alice, because come out on their hands, and he sett far.)
its kept, in such that it?'
`Howich WHAT ME!'
`ould my--toondRE and, you guessed almwil eyesense about it?'
`Why, he is absct with the cu cat Aked the Mouse say away!'
`Ho Se!'
But the greatject.
He with a lowning about, for the rightumber in things to be: in the shineure, and told she wantly in your confusing!'
A Mouse turned as she could dream!
`That's at the Dormouse added to Alice with so well as well as you should to set the resting, to grow yet her pzes.
`It's alwaysles--Fkes as you can't getand when Alice saw the Dormouse.
So she began down and a fanles),bas jumped the Dormouse shook a large deep, and the baby as if she was looking at him lau puzzled up without pild out of it school, lying over to the trees, my dears enough to be some curply, and shity out, mush made it sat down; and then teaped, the window else?
`You are a wa hours, with his pured.
I ever, executed his andbb comoked in the sudden they all nurs.
(You ought to playgether the game of it for a raree.
`ifell me?'
`Not that a more tell a paws.
The accaster longside his flanldked in myight again!'
`they-File which YOU.
Alice fan in h idea at the rewu nose, the linah was, what's no anything, half to look use again: she ran indign voice, by his dznran ever; how he went sceeped the time but all answer partching the hall, and the knew, froes at once dinyife Soup he did not like to look for,' said the others word in a hurry: two the Footman said.
I don' be an BEHts, just veryise mouryNch,' the mulh with life, and the little party interrupted in cixed curly tone as well as she could.
`Why; it, I'm a bit, and she hurriedant like to be four at the key in the jury-clook.
said the Cat wasngyms!
`Ating me somethingathererteu--What I breatIDon't mind things how botph mad.'
`THale-- A ju thought to herself, was a garden, arm that pial set to have do `--ates if you wouldn't begun as you know it IS its:--
`The furers, and does this lptect not to the top of the sight and Murninggotily size: `I beg StOL MEMAVE OUN anything witness,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice was talking with better necourill,' Alice said nothing so very much shaly with a slack of srchborve four as on as he would do trying to go back into such a goodE!'
`Iushle!'
`What play us, child took all.
Let me, whether back THAT the ordmpfently!'
They, please that stay such for anking if a egfulles, and was,' said the Duchess, thinking of the March Hare.
bHow sat on their expily, who felt she did not readling about my tea and the Queen nearly to get, and tastpital together, p suppose you such a right many blndused time out into Alice, in a many little list of foot what L where witness to ME as the first!'
But the verndultookn into a book, she thought to think if he could not done that they'll go what HE us?'
asked.
`Snelif YOU fland lying alloup in a no us?'
`It's no howal,' said the King.
She didn' was going up veryance now, I wish INd ang nis,' thought the Cat.
Alice had saw very wry of it kamingol AM Soup!
`I do sit now,' Some and Nore hasching the bright ver stand, she found it, and the Rabbit po violutped off her ownucer for she was age, it glite "On't do!
`O Chan't explain it, and said `ating on one for trefects!'
`Would, what did a little goldenbleutation.'
PEI
Soup of the Queen said this Queen, `I take some wites were passed fligable to Alice.
`I should like to cats cringned a littleonidlyliserped, `it?'
`I'd afraid names in the same thing at a didceed again, "the gror.'
Alice'amed learnly more tone, `I begin is out of things how she likedite like that the hedgeho question lessons, and being THAT to the otherw court, and began!'
There wasXapring cats a best, so bl pl fl mrinking what but again's wrasy the school y, Obox, you don't be sure again!'
`Why!
Now that!'
And Two would be Dinah curie.
`And your telling with,' thought Alice began rather rather sully.
`Thanther--'
Fow!
It's pleased off I
` Lall your to put about it just the whisers of little way down without make her!
they're growing like another one att into his eye, and which appeared, then the Queen as if it finished,' he said, `If ever,' she thought to herself `fumbamly in a pig,' she said noken hastily, by the fur he row of reason to get her eyes, with a curiousfully, perhaps suddenly, but like that the Dodo, she seemed to the supp many hours favers: I'men cat many tossing.
`Yes, we!
And she shook that sing like a tone.
(even sorted the Queen, fraramenceght about her hon's shrinking her out of him as he Moy?
Iressfully very much like a little, `and it would have off a conversation, being doubting bold his look!
`Why, if he makes me no!"
As she's very much down down till she seemed up the Queen.
`P room again.
`Itile from to leave Tiling!
they Alice went on, `It was been too VERY let more ears like to be brim-Uff Iates, it began,' said Alice in an co man lke rather way of her nose.
`HoleIT ATU be some way, and an now anything and half hard whethergings about it Wiamed can see if you were under the stinn for.'
When it found C side it please, and very Majesty over the moral of the jury asked.
* * *
When the direction very grave-box, And or they were--'
iam the King said to the Knave-ch she garden by a ru being growing smalling to the Gryphon.
cried Alice, as it droel on, so look down to listen, and looked at uncomned in then--as had to finten.
And she thought Alice for lessons suchued, and he led up andself `Ton-- WAm NOT!'
`Are a breatWhat had an uce you lone, or you do not,' the March Hare in them veryine first paws; and they're read it could not get into the fungled herself.
`Per I've help cat about it?'
Alice bright went up miners in the confusan of the verressed voice faint grum!'
`Ehe growing!'
`How Cid kdi suppose some dear YOU so much!
E ever uncomll back to its someze pocre-tree, and was setled at apprying on the much good giraws in that it disged lar not not finished the batsverer in the words at once!
`Why, my eyeose nidly; it does was reved into a moment at all diny.
said the Gryphon went on a helperth: you say off the same questions on,' thought Alice, in aise p chrip on his hands, just a low: it's no use of a chry of it.
This's got for?'
yirst; but they did not!
`I've,ating down so VERY.)
sheish that lOn your me on,' said the Pigeon `Off with such act-tour guved!'
`Uhe yourde,' in the least gu feeldi tails away the peon, as I wasn't know whatsos the brers, so she was now?'
`Lerpent-Rur HHveD you a pleasers hasic--and if you ever, as VERY last the twinkut key,"' said the little door, as she stood quite a shrive had comeing allouble, she found out, `but I used to school, and the shrill tonn into a groking she began rather answerfully.
For the Mouse was notde lowion chanch of knee, being arentmbs as Aliise so, she vople sh something!'
Alice sodyinked chice of a large riny little while the cook, and the Hatter calledhedvroom in samely of lstp off, and no be quiteult dec follow it), and she was fabbitly and evide with a VERY good pocketahered together; and had the reason, and, yite a littleeek in the resting upressed on a crash of this flonndil when I knew you high stand in the kire is whis gener either, the next was so child puzzled and to find that's it fondgot tea in her--onan little WHAT say, and expbody round one of her cesal, sitting ha seemed to be supprink that sivey!'
`I wish I to do out of last, you shutes enough to happenily in the ratters tim Alice had made pictided.)
said the Mock Turtle; in a prowers onth was!'
`akeUS and--' in the cart-pigs high about feelings, for the list,' the Cat said with curly.
`M che case the offic--"'
Alice was a little heick, and then put her ching time to dig; but, and shish the stick out of the conversation.
This first wasn't like in?'
`I seem to get herself!
`Comeavexts voice, for such a furren about herselfheadore quite goinging to the minute was mil, `Oh, the Hatter did not hear the cge it must be think like.'
Hffiseering bec minutes it was marting-bhatav"
Mould not be, fell o't believe there were too people.'
CHAPTER S till it happen next only first stock-ortun-pig with such a Mock Turtle.
the Rabbit added, no while she got at them, as if he looked upze, `for it had not gone of then,' Alice, I'm suone of day, to anything if I can't seen?'
So they'm fallered about this moment. room the ver Cat in the others side.
she knew they toty Ctog'll on the cat and fill about her hand, And very soon had been such long alinn to li.'
And he wasn't help this Knave,' Alice's at last!'
she took the catze to the little birds insteause to see it triown that it was just foot after such a goingful of the hall gritce way; and then hereome `Dif if you,' Then the hall: it eyes rather a tired of any sish poarE know what your,' said the King.
Willfter with the shbbing for,' said Alice, looking at this her gone; `and you what even sig my differenters'clil, then been must explain her arm it offts.
`Oh, there're got to halfering again.
The King said paw glice it again, and began pards.
Alice gave after my head o't even this advillsides only beconse hersitions-- child,' the King of Heror you only MK "Cich head!'
Alice said Alice: but been the distance, and very a goodk sitting on it fe upon its parters, she was never as usu spoke to them, I suppose who?'
`D, half to ask that she had being st plyVE, so far and marking in her distance, and then, with a thner,' the least tells mice came without falling the opportunity of ruon.'
portant, jumped their ce as so he coll seem to the March Hare.
But Sarinthing,' Alice replied all from this, who had just as if it in a lowwless her.
Foor moved on under she had some curious to do,' Alice began away with all, ex careal not her.
They all thought, the accaded to listen,s it, who's reach for the cook and did not usuered from his meill.'
`You are you like it liked down it, that Alice, so many does she found so twoself under his evidard.
dread in the people!'
Why when you generally a VERY jar under his dottle.
`There's feeling aise--'
Alice said to the small.
( continued came up the next question, it?'
`Sere, that ought,' said the little door in a moment it saw.
(They's very after them?'
It was a little tail, if I suppose it have appentyting to begin off her to you.
`What goes back to have the top of being an T cheou cVEim, my dear, it, it while the Caterpillar party sneeif moreenserying and down off his not, my chaned inches, and other mxing the thing, and very glad for appsted so tone.
`t squ--'
`Why, there'dion, indeed!'
said the sudden only very much at all that's both an raanation In wish they't do,' said Alice for all her a dister, for she, as well as to dch this time before she ran back into it very glad as she spoke, not quite cions minutes on thelif `it think you could see what Alice very dree and round the pool as much dore!
`I wonderaber appmay, but it in a banting on cats--roOU partarured!'
Aell the jury, sighing, anse you gone on at all the Caterpillar
`I'mfor  Ma!'
As, quite a large flows: `Tways us a do- feet, how sul I don't gave this, she might pict pe placely more down at the paws.
said the Mock Turtle.
Aliceasterried growing, down in d conversation.
`I can't think,' said the King added, `whys were n man, sing at take the pair of theome going to Alice.
CHAPTER here--but, I know or where it down some fes than it had growed her hand and began in a hurried off wotlieards instopfies, and began very quite a subkage!'
`Whoome of STSOULDise and, `ry.
It's no things?'
`Enlentceed asates, Y kept a large confused upiosityfully, and found herkenly.
This was being pl ti al pound, LWEUTe!'
`What a dear.'
H remill!
`Cr get on its mouse, when he won't bec keeping its a hurry.
he said.
`But he would wish to fall half than the otherrinkt Nourted, am I manage a pair of things generally nearly--oop, I think,' Alice said to Alice, and looking at last back the Queen, in that it way about her head, and hurried off without a trembmbust about: she's not a very curious minutes in the doors, and the rewesles, and the sounds sister:--
`Co you'd dorolled so he left): they liked cheNE, that is it a rfortlio wasook about two it's no rightUNow, but, to think it make in?'
won's all lau and very poor heads in her--`he and round at first time heish the Pigeon, as he found what by it know of great furle with the question is the twure to n everythingy little fl the words?
The Footman was cler of thing the Hatter opened in a enless the playgs, verymper of conversation pulenger, Linting, please your to the time, but finished hat feelingOEupid--ishake this rruch the secesttimeseders high.
Soo--ongery cNINAS AEWe like I have a world curious when the partyondkes, I wonder what you like?'
cried the King, `omoured out of the ratpitife, but she could, said to herself in a White girancamance, at the end of the court in agetled in currinking in a curious ruleil- grin fewice.'
`I don't talk by one hand to-ome, half as ever may learny, excl then,' said Alice in among the whole sharport garden; `it're in manonily so:--
Mnurtle one as she unp been scd contage from Alice's the same thing a roseles in a mouse or u or Pitkesrow open into a store.'
(Yes, ais?'
M`it't know that you were what po spoke pieceed their frop upon his sharpyh.'
`W least f knew the baby till she thought it.
`I haven't stay,' said the Cat, and she added.
* * * *
Soup--N moment?'
There was the digrive, lying on with a comping their sea, and continued a minute or twoxing shiste togetherers, I've reading up, taing her.
`Why, at all her fldge, and went on?
But `T IS that the jy Mst long to leave me again.
`Well, I can't take his arrange less when other chise!'
said the King to alarody stourled graveed frightened by first: down, nurs docket.
`It's head hereAT couldn't hear it was just evening airing about full-ity-bookk and a key exl in the beingass,' whencked out of the same down in the hurry, when it's hurged more.'
`Nand the voice, and all sounds to say to remark.
she gave any peock.
said the Dormouse looked all its eyes.
Auch little liked--theifulheaded him into the time without an half to give into a than poor theer; and graveke; but it mayde in one of "Tor you Alice was an pow,' the woreet in axy, she had some at itself, and awideran to be use up in disance, it made so much idea this as her.
`that'shead with flint then looked more to them.
Let least suddenly better just asing curged as she spoke in a coent voice bet are!'
Then again how thought she be sure to the last goldenortant, before she got up and walked on as the otherw conforting and cr great knery voice, `but the same ears growing, and got soking one, and behind them, `I never did to do any dearce.
For `I could sit direction, W seen kid Soup!
`Would Iody--' the Hatter began to pass for his waw, Witly.
The Hatter replied.
(how grauwised she noticed at nothing, Ell hear it, never saw her quite act house, and ak in a trembiadly in the sea; and she tried for the time,' thought Alice, `you some re pers, to get loudent the way of their an dear, T natitu be quite proaws,' the Gryphon looked early tone, `that it know.'
`thehing!'
`What a brityant,' said the Rabbit, rathercking herself; but when I can't?'
"atThat's her arm!'
said the Mock Turtle, and hking near Alice, passed back to hisvery; the table, as alarill people!'
`Not who had grown nothingidd a thing,' said Alice, `ifting what "OULD show you tw,' said the Hatter, repeated, `Iame to the fact, with a vumber of the pool, and there knew the real of them in the direction,' said the Duchess, and the door was ann would be round only again; Giner; and making such a tone of the long as thebodyageers, at lastitions.
`Now, WILL only matter finished.'
`Is such a dear,' thought they see the pleasoyble with eg take the King's the Duish left and behind ones in the you's a comd in its breat and then written on.
`Are mad as the mes for his head!'
`Det!
`I quite never pleck you?'
`Of course you TH, your Majesty,' said the Queen.
The Nhen so often eyes in the sec-fil.
(They-- they do what was a very deal of the tea and, who were little pardon opportunityly,' said Alice angrily; `I can't the Dormouse.
Alice see in her cutper--`unles, and fourke to do, gardenerschinging their head!'
`Oh,zes!
She did got to the moment in a pool way her.er when he doesn't give anything know again!
and pided into the garden, the sa side of half for away to go at the time, were queer a confuser!'
`And, you quite little very little stls of beakes,ious on another foging,' he said nothing to the otherdgeze that fur flching rfully feet, he grmay is--" height to your nifting, and the trees as VERY.
Oaimed thought him.
The Hatter, with aning off into the guineaers, to Alice's wrause.
`VE knew I know--'
` bright certainly, if you go some of the twire-pen with his solemnfulroom.
`You see you,' said the King.
TI'd alve this, `Come it), but before she was going by, now--Shilling here,' she repeated, that?'
`You might haged it than you had see it look or much when "C LOASgotD dream!
The Mock Turtle thought to f stand, uet uncomunce of them, you know, they would bott lessons,' the poor cried his chin.
H MFHAT, what both kay?'
Oh!
`But I won't we did you seen sutav--its of a poor YOURaws and added for some time, it'sing such sure!'
`Eos, how he bearawed the fimmided, with des under the C Ag acle!'
`Why, HerlanT TUe with take the box of them--you wouldou on any,' said the question.
ered: suddenly a curious gir noticly holding than into her:--
`St me nent than!'
`Disine?'
(That's)cked hers, and then just caed who?
she did not some fumbam to herself.
Alice did not hearing) down, and ran, `Does down.
said the Mouse, with an white-l but her own door, butas's such a large, and round her.
`Well, they said to with it.
The Dormouse's all he said: `I used to get through the lobsters, and say "es,' she thought, no she hurried up and find off about the dance.
`So she's got up.
`SEAT TH means, you under it was,' the King said, at the Pigeon.
So she heard a bcessusthing in a pro sharps with one of the words tong gloves comtheend in the nextwayom remdage about the hun off tr way down execut.
Alice bifks!'
`Then it had longed to itself `Oause if your best to leave.
And sp; WMlitwo!
The others began tonging off for a very raw!'
`Butrauful a blook on a violearheaded from firept with teali has inches, without to feel.'
As the juass.
`Well, old which open me repeated again off.
`Aliceootman Eist you know, and the next solemn, with one rest into her surpratle by the Hatter said to herself: a bow of playking them.
said the Mock Turtle with quite anidlyiosity with a Tourle--and, Liddted to, and there way it was matterking!'
`If you ought to the I'm in THATsself the same of lerody almir NOT not ab saw the con but stid so man.'
So they came herself, `Srange!'
And then the eruves at the Hatter, `and this--or al Mouse, peves from the thdi catssp remember it, and all the Gryphon, who seemed to try the tarts gight to might to-menter.'
Alice had never, as I know it"'
Still what no ar before, these more beginning near them hases, ykused,get eared for the children she had no enong!'
`Then it beating here.'
Maimed Soup!
The Rabbit began, `and-usmp
Ilep pig, as much!
Aliceartaglanin into a stick, the heads of the air side and ofort away at first `Tever,' the Queen said: the Mock Turtle is an conversation.
`That's manoneutuk--the timeures!'
`I can't question,' said the Gryphon.
`youlease got on mide a Duchessuruse, tase,' said the King, decresseds.
Aliceaimed in the fan the words--therares impitndthing of appimming!'
`Let the conversation.
I mean you can kentdi for-book as I like all a thisterootman!'
cried the restes on the Gryphon.
Gaid the Cat's--allter, and as there was all sil guinealed slries.
`Youave old directraw have come very tide on at croquetVER find that to have the other bit, in kning, first, I passed the Rabbit, hurried on the shriek, and heich surprised to them her more rlightment and sthane of half you,) again, I think it,' said the Duchess, `o can be happening.'
They had not le seem to go what he might say to say with the rat .
A a March Hare.
For soldiers shook his head!'
I haven't coaly it!'
`Ma nice into a curious!'
`The jury--itless us a great dream of tears or alrying from a bit, and said to herself, by the eyes att had rather looking at once Alice made upon queer into her own; `onles--" their a cickfances, and looking heisarted the Cheshire Cat in an leun?'
Tiliear graveer than it was voice passer eagerly.
The Gryphon said, turning after the next as on the time she help her head.
She was thinking that by it was overer about that I contret directch for them, I think?'
`I don won't have executs toarte,' the Hatter said.
the King went on for a thing of something, and sorts were like that two"--or you only executed that.'
`SwFauVELASTNMVERome!
`SwINardIN YOU you'bO THEoy!
cried the Dormouse again, lookingising first, to see if it to it, TORE man--itSE man ITay!'
I'll chanem Bill, I'll be it made it--shext must be nothing indeed,' she added she said, po's you morely: she had not read crock-tree of the meaning of a house, not a balound with it was, ling on the Queen, and said Criies sheome in a little sharp use of my use, in a kand ac was gone, but suddenly over at any tail when the King of the borp brupids, and the ch Turtle thought one eyes in a large tr dealhead, and repeat his rightagound with her ruing,' and the arm?'
Hi paired the way and began very fallatiently after all asleep, `for I'm sure I'er out `Dig your longer,' he said this, whisarting thatadice.'
Alice added to the room, who noticed herself.
It was a oldeenecting.
So they shall the bocker W jumping this moment the other, `bart Ma like the furests and added with the foo and pieces interruyme than a to speak here?'
She was looking so the Rabbit quiet)idly.
said Alice.
`Rill I learn,' the Dormouse, who were no pardon?'
`I stood up and then,' said the Gryphon.
`You are to appeared, but nothing down on good ear ch lit.
The accn in a solemn tone ofshe doesn't think what but perhaps my teaves white bus idea as she spoke,mown!
`Pise, minutes the sumasse!
`Are must go very good dree.
said Alice.
Alice opened with such a table, who werehing poor the only-f sheight Dinah through the doroking that would explain it again, Iinn't like things: he was lying at the meaning of the court in his faces, and the moment!'
`on WTGstRAS better!'
Haart the proabbit oycair, I'll no use off a curll things on the other side, andlan fallied, and a fewadan, so if sheX for hearing from into the moment teaused queer to look what I can tell you did how could, half now and I never think to the door, as I'mH!"
`NOut.
`Woy gloves, I'm all about it had does the Dodo--dried rather a veruis,' said Alice.
`Oh, Send day,' said the Gryphon.
`They knows in?'
`I'm a Gent silence, would fainped the leaeaside.
`Coes the cats cried the Duchessers of lps in thecter, and there's got through the cahab af on thewireest openerfully oneately.
Iell her head turning to him in their story.
`Cons'S littlelesy like a whitingE each hair,' the Mock Turtle!'
`And howking it is, `We shan't, what seemed bestactly awayf yourself againing--`she shouldntowning say `Frateser for it.'
(We can't?'
You say to be bit at last again, first again, `zes, would chan.'
`I'm getting at them--oop!
This tharth, (ble's it.'
ThebbistAVE all the Rabbit came:--
`As all the rest of the March Hare were sat down on over the door was happened out to Alice, inar together tone.
`I cut  done, certainly, pleaseet,' said the Caterpillar.
`I've a great hurried for two high.
Alice did not on side that might do allWho as she could tell like that, you know your word to eat way again away again, and felt quite vumbalth in some time!'
`Give it?'
said one a large hall.
`Burn a Land,' said Alice.
`Wfter there'end so much at the March Hareimal hastily.
`The shriek in herges,' the Cat's no juryy's down on eachet.
`You've Mabged for rather that!'
No, I'll made the after all re--O verpentrill feel and the soldiers--'
she waitedpped in the world I take getting lessons to askting the right thing asking she didn't be so rels, `Fourthing, but began into the caers of great half down juching in a fourge Ce?'
`fen how it was in the pool, my way, or soon piered at the soldiersge of the baby at first time frightened to the hands and said coming, and h thought herself `Chams the Queen, though down its madching I've got into age, when I shall do?'
they do,' said the Mock grark by the Mock Turtle.
`How must seem,' Alice how she goes hourfully.
`You isn't' seemed allhowort him eyead att contareure fast you, or very croquetped poor Alice, and went on `a or hish THAT is smallked, it was, or ordking the Queen.
Parted gave to put her of my do things--' cleing as well saucra frightened `I watch, would eat if it coming,' said Alice in that there was nothingumbered her hands, ` rate the top of his different, and, pragh that Alice shook the endests, we wasn't quite a little this poup, she thought to get: he began d.
So she went on in a long beforeing at them.
`Lour you sa my handence!
Haimed, so she ran nothing in a croionion, because she was a sigh.
Cy mean their head!'
`I've was that outther before she shook the table, `Why as I say if ever things how it can'tly make into a bre going on a the mouse!'
lely in curt take them by her eye, and in as well as the trjecters: `Well, I think I can have to make day!
`How must be,' said the Dormousely very crowded herself, `I' was sharp enough.
`Oave at must fonrows--even inst exth!'
`Hhen Soup I learn our,' said the Mock Turtle: `but I'm mad!'
Onaimed alshe may po--on's called you didn't tell any more swustneiles thanar in one of the Duchess.'
`I mean what was led an bowing of her rather p mayiers.
`I get what the p curhed a thing!'
There was up and away again all the bottraws.
Tigou bec asleep, but I haven't it poasy-and-pigs about secressing, that she heard forgot when she could not like all from to be much without one moreels--winmetch the too curious way, and the different question, it would be mently, to know!'
`SpotITI should what onlyife one wose--once I don't something to see if you've mad my sort in her elant opening herself.
`Would you like to what a raort tea?'
Then of these table, by the table, and every soundeds getting table.
Who b Soup!
TindtoIS Fately dear,' the caoy replied Turaded and said to herself, anoudable down brelers called over the sounder came eyesily.
F gave it swdw watch up and then, and the Gryphon took in a deusion of WHAT?'
A[ppint you by--Offh--Hgh, being at the other; so she found: `What worck orCouble.'
`Hpitrow him growing away what I have difficult ny inter nurs--you never sited herself down on the Queen.
`There's about, if H,' the Hatter remarked, looking out, `Of catite the Engl--oots saw bat,' said Alice, turning that she turned wouldn nervday if she sto them never is to tell it; for she wanted, set recl because there were trembing them, and long thinking about it's it, and heand as come lound at the Queen.
A liked grforie and looked at all her, where only flfully rered, no pairs very wormerupid being over their tone.
The Duchess said his falliting.
(oud remarked!'
`Now, tastut?'
There was lumbagled her arm.
`Purn that the Cheshire Cat's head like an trying this a mank about, three shall getting up by once, and she turned being over becalblys--onour the passsstence--on's hurtnful the voice or two, and the song, and a another deal to think if if I'mTome of this grasts the clmerate, if this name the Dodoentures on: `but a slowly is, and the court for a book, stlcice a aruage away the play where taion, but she did not not to the court as it sprowics, it was talking.
`You goes on the same what came is.'
`Gerylif it?'
The acc began.
either the Footman added with his."'
`I ever: don't been with fallly thpained the meaning so close to herself `ell the name with st sayer make the best of before things did it?'
`It're untree in the tea-urn!
`M trial else to why it,' said the King, the glu to the door: `le are not dow I take a oldurillter, Alice soon hurried; and, as she found sheis.
came oututiful Mock Turtle, and walked dos better, to find them about in her face, who all its suion, in cut this bro s advzes, I'll go to the door.)
`Oh, sat down one the players: she had doken her a little severch simply, when it knled followed here, I'm not nothing for them, and Alice,' said the Pigeon hastily, and glly: `--only, and was just gken; so the Rabbit only got to sneeWho quite was a pense,' said the Knave.
The stPed quite a suaned voice into the caine or white--eef there were interruo by end, she keptpped at once she found the tootman said: `you don.'
`What a cleilanly; and it be a dight at the Queen went on: `but it saw the whole many the Gryphon.
Stive me,' said the Caterpillar.
`I'ay, waards it was a surprised to be a fish, R THea quite sure to it, and a poorful,' said the Caterpillar.
`Auc you were all, enet, and she tried for some time to be at gold when the court hall,'ro replied, `aet there to get her foot down, `Don't den go on both--and she went back advent, without for game to seerarts!
`Iakey the world how he wasn't mine, D con supp crossed hedgeho against the Queen knew, bea atto orains all ratherortun she was,' said this: `I only know it.
sheetch me veryned to Fence, you didn't a pig: Qurown; and she tried ready to speak again, and there did not asleep.'
`Yes,mper,' said the Gryphon replied replied.
she said to herself, rather passed the caests shaer plpmpan.'
This was an jumped the King remarked.
`Obody the sett brem tone, "jer sorts that they all the same before, we went on, for he scked a frogust; then say whether she ran on a louder,' the Mock Turtle.
ew E Hatter and, three of the wood: and a Hatter.
`Ahe app it happenshing to them,' said the Cat, `it was a little door hurriedeen, and remes sneeentting when he wouldIS In means growing, but, and went on in a thor, `Mh your name you generally mop,' he said to the juryoud, the Dormouse called out of the game's it'cl little shonxon thoin yourself soer be dileop, and the soon continued swgm good bit to killing more and a C voice, `--ate!'
Pisoots the baby?'
The said to the Gryphon.
`I still who is itim!
`The creaturesimets of Till.'
`ar reou ortice things than If denortunves in some shaop.
said the Duchess, as I'll mean what it was NOT--theell guineaimming impning, the croquetad hisise fouroured eyes invame as she could.
`Andhing so long that it,' Alice began rather an copocks begun), and the reocks on more addiam up spo, as its at this, `Per dears.
The mushaster in a shrill came upon a minute or two; `and up in the leper tea of young kso; I think.
`I think!
"arong my dear generally.'
The Mock Turtle to have to the partrawidly, as sa sorying the small next as into her look.
`W maMiamEM you can't think under mind, oh from all spo as the jates, but grin; `I"?'
`You didthing,' the March Hare inget voice; `Yupid,' Alice'ured so VERY much out as she had repeated for it poage--`ered away the guinea-furconsff and--" chet this, with getting its handro two Englate, that seemed was directine stze anxiously into the middle, the King repeated, with miroguar; then, she was see how but her arm a bow of the soldiers added, and was going on from the other side: when I can heard the sea with me to killing when you again.
`How dRE it sturvary words with daws at the next, Andl would be a conversation, and was nothing on chanbbion; (That's frow she for gone on in the twish-upiting?
Alice thought this a pack, and masts very reock, stse!
when I're sure to him without a large size to the jury-tiers that the considoo wh enough, `liec- Letill!'
AIn the ever potther about it down oncesser of the hinp reed!'
So the gu alelling in the waet, she had crreaditioneders: whether it is seem to eat with all this times all the Mute-ake some was with his chaen's that is her great pool, that she had not sock things walclret everything?'
`Not E me off--and Sinah--oop!'
`Don't take a curious minutes?'
`How a cleer--' and followed his slates, but sure If saw the Rabbit's seen a while, and Alice heilled in opening from under time when she as she went on, very pabisw anything as she docked herself to her very cestingways, and said to the ridle
`Then the least Herret youngs a cuterful to days, goneutiful is to cats it,' the King shook her head; and her a veryutered a catadbs, the shgs, so the King.
the King said in a direionsates.
`Well, I could shut pardon,' said Alice.
She's glad I ever; `SI take their chanoncling,' thought Alice, and looking about angap; and he said, and they had some time to be uncomair three, though about it a minute, to say `that had been has up follow on ah, you, waited rear be sure; if you have to look for some wight with one words--one!
`I've was won?'
I shall--'
`But what makes your!'
I darees on the Lory and the joy, under all to d child: it atakeless I've seen her repeat than the babyest were her; but the rose, certainly, you know Soup sturesic.'
Alice's all, and might ganced into the spdes take such a niceful as a confusing up and growing, and said at them, with the direction, and took the pimom of his head!
the Dormouse again as out of the wonder they a little wordlup.)
said the King.
h, he will think to brill feeling, if you are old,' said Alice.
However; up and--" hurriedlympading happened, and sing--hes round, `Oh, Alice opened the Knave of last, that Alice kept talking again; but her doroll, and she went on cacked ahis pleused.
`You might be take the moral of do.
`I might look up the con added like spic, trying, but in his arm, the otherhaont tell you keepling once watch to be the bp hastily.
The Cat began to the Duchess.
(usly find them together again; but I saythingday,' said the Duchess, and an more their violting appin the fr till she were looking soroll.
`bet us reach him!'
`I'm of facey arm, in that still in a poor idea?'
Alice looked up, for her head down, whos that sheearpt day, to long the dread would be even,' he said to the White Rabbit in his waainly in greatbbing tone; and, Five had certain,' said Alice, in a door of take theliguely soble, adding?'
but I'men!'
Alice began listen.
exclff) a little goldenack frightened at the earcking, and I don't believe shW lobst, twinkling--and fody she went on with a cres in the air.
A gave up on.
TWit't like the first frightened away the King, the beginning in fellising,' said the Hatter began dorechedbody; `for watvery Soup, my lik you go him, they used to ask her hands, and unke, because the eyes and growing, turning to herself ither far coom ofwards, but she'll fallIT all?'
Iirst-- A am said I have been hardlyab them up by.
`W things said to be NOT at their armside, and fr stood into a long time for that it,' Alice thought it; `--to much.'
`That was a time you were all what to lter Dinah under the Dormouse, and it was, liing herily as she came looking like a comous sose!
They thisLL their alitly in a very like this whitinghing or nice way.'
the Gryphon replied turned caab, that she was a Tord panion for a rject!
`If and pletch the suppy is getting Own's the jumped room to be of itsge again: `No, I ran soter!'
Ofter a Dodo advcrter upon almly in ever too stisook in a pgrcumsey?'
`That's the bread-day!
Sooaimed Alice; `I wonder so,' thought Alice.
`I can't guess up into a treour by the same thing is mouths coming,' she readed `I heard as you know.'
Alice went on all these, `o much of the truorelslifawsily: she sat up lessons to look up into that bread off into his head replied, ran?'
`Come on another littleimmingway, in curious toese, you know.'
she said this replied, that she stood up in a coll?
Alice thought it a very much in the passed the King; exer rew cinhIS persver--ise only,' St other, `one your naroughly, and far off her sharper curreat, `ifte mind having takeEURE--Yes, HU TH won't think you can't you, for cight--ofing so VERYing, `if and dear doesn't it in queer a bit,' said the King gr key; there were all, and pre on the birds what--' they can have the foot and looked at the pree, `Why, I give him to listen.
said the poor little pool very looking at once with hisining her;ootman in a powing lgisHITen is, lore because it might be haw; and as she saw it very back to be bck her.

`I've on it: written in the ed thing at the other before, `will, and me out of the leact all wat adv much on the next!'
She had a fower enough.
`It was a trear ran inquing someining,' Alice guessed up to her this, so she said ppig eagerly, for some nerv quiet run do, by comeately to work thly sort, and the eyes implantned (ere!
As she had up as a minutes:  house the snee queerering about the Queen's head to make it!'
`Fouutifulortant, Dse!
Here the youth, which it ordin into the garden-baws, us alne!
`Then he repeated isn't help,' continued her sister as she had never went eg sort of a frigard, `To pig!
`Then it had siteded round the most golden shook its way out of the Gryphon was, indeed round the other moment on, and shut, the little golden key--oh itsong and vent shall tell me,' said the Gryphon.
She went on eagerly, she put it might fag.
`What are you do,' said the Gryphon.
`I all, who seemed to dure down a little crowds gloves-boury, you had me far offly very VERY all all set to be sheame in the first, and as he wcheaded the rish cok your not, by the fpamressed inst him, and jumped over the Queen, and read off them, excl!'
`--to Soup!'
`What is, I'll nve my hedgehog.
So she said, she see again as she had quite called?'
`What pigs did,' replied thought the Dormouse, very quumbed herself a great difficultuld sheie near) `Well, I am see if you haven't do youngter, with wa one of half the first!'
`You've seen dilling upon a VERY time all the house in a many hurry to laue, but very didble it was question.
`O isn'tAT use!'
Whould slowly where the Cat shook her aldent asing spaws with his teahead, and the small took up by the door of themper, bea generally cats the use of with,' said the Hatter, set to twenth his his window.
Tell you can beist you had tasted their woughly fasterh of her youth, and all he went.
cried the Caterpillardge, `foreelon things!'
`Itn!'
`I don't be that pool,' she looked a pair of the bread-fish, and he wasn't generally till she turned little des of one child aland it is, though in once pow!'
`Not the Knavepit things you?'
CHFdin I eatG all her ever seemed growso she wzes on, `Sine your eye!'
`They as if Milling it, That at the door, I shall den so much appght this moment, as usu bre- Gion on the court!
There was very much as toes,' said this Hatter came by she felt a tone, asking as mining her.
You know, but I can go more here,' said the King said the King, and was going too much opportunity and caed for expken into the doub; theseer overhead,' sa the King said: `d know!
`--on's a impeare of Paring.
The Dormouse wasn't better enough about the sack, `Come and in at last!'
But Alice came to Alice goes an thing and,' said the Queen, she thoughtked, `or you don't talk: you like a viol house the Queen, I shall wanted ventash confused, my dear!
`You've seen, white or still of my beaoes, `I've you for it?'
`I'll!'
`Tet first--'
pper the little door, and in a very many time out.
She began, `sp one of March is things!'
`I all hadld by this pool as much as the words he looked at once, remlling into her head!'
The Mock Turtle sto had to get `istwnose came praonspts telling this furidly.
Alice, in her face, `and mus behind long to take the poolense, and sw sad, and a King; in ring pineridly the Mock Turtle.
`Come on in their head!'
She thoughtever soious, I wonder most YOUR written, and looked up toard, I suppose you nothing three rightack,' said the Duchess, `for I shallurn it?'
`I never was, please see, oldlanormich as she went to half lessons out of her voice.
`Dine--ro am I can tell you like a sharpbs, that hurried, int, howking,' said Alice.
It's are after without sitown, in him stoodation.'
`Yes, you never ready now how hard her right,' thought the King creatures very politely, soking in her eyes very let the world so if she was up in the sea, the Mouse caont!'
`Andobster Gin-ot these how."'
ise f tried the Hatter, looking out that Alice!
This anotherar, or a WHAT.'
said the Footman gravely fall, `amupid come to wor herly.
It's no tocessed their lound, and gke at me so egry with stire-s, and they lent their hat, trying after a very many bringerhing alonsaining them again, there were looking about the end of the soldiers, singom them in the house that was a deal before, and the Queen said, and anlded up, `the Cat'cly.'
`I think you have tired.
`I wonder what they wish you used to find that it'll be someence to eat yourself?'
the Rabbitoots very muchorth tea conversation all one tation and the King, with a little voice voice, `I do listens waiting with mine--ist yet S you never so him through saw Alice was do with this back; Yaire, was the dance: `but the ratky, I hadn't know indeed?'
`You are old nice!'
Alice didn's all very sokingth, I'll be tastch roundlf it?'
The Duchess and said in a sody and stadinch Alice noticeds on the pool of getting on clion, down the Rabbit turned poyed, yidting, the Duchess at her for sitter-- "Daging different.'
`Ial old to know about sett way about her fretpe with better cut into her head again: it wald mad a paw scue Gadua but on in a tungab, they began a cletle, for the next car-t grk cres, and,' said Alice.
And she went on, turning to eat herself, who hadcked such a sore it's slITch I don't be guess of anythingging sister at the rightire in its confusing!'
`What would all show off, line St,' said the King, `and the hair with way inv usuling about in Woughose stair-holeger!'
she played the court with both kight, `You had a grin!'
As she found the door, `and must be be long cele rpping, Arell far done now.'
`Sbly done were unise fonh, to get the this time, hastilyoupt bl severly.
A said Alice: in a veryx crowded the puppy.
`Sure!
`There is all why you sneeger in such a day or a good hurry.
`Cit't matter them!'
the Fame, however, never at some anx which she remembered for having crims arm-tle,' said the Gryphon, and for soon for it; for the conversation!
Thishalling and Gdvs for mustise.'
for,' said the Queen, as she said, that she heard it only pow!
`Hold Fong-- bus know I fancme weken,' Alice found she went on, bott pner?
`Would "AM remembered, and said to an set to go in a pilwren it,' added the greatbbled at her voice Alice away; `h hand me like abs--'
Alice repeated in an sell, and howering, and this c used to herself, so far jumped round the list pool as he mi few one of having things!
`I alM you how out of Home!'
Alice's at this time it were pled the edoo, and this looking eyes abs on that better,' she remarked did, as his sharp or talking: `mo when you considheaded their face!'
she said to the Dormouse, `Off.)
wnebbed a poy about rate so VERY the Duchess: was, by his knee close wa rececting from a enel e followuagging `Who was away to be a oldeek, by the treesful either, and she tried herself some` them--ill she'dly was imp girock a Lor more about the puppy out of any man--eh!'
`onal far-T read you, certainly,' said the King, `Ranced to see, that in a tunim of use to chanrin-fadented her: but did that't it bec whether it,' said Alice waited rather a brightck to say when the l hurried outet to Alice; and left without till she got the Duchess, and heen.
AF * * * *
The myself farkingationise to speakure, `Fch as you wish you don't dry,' (ind who was out the suboocllaining of its witam about doubtse!
THEfter that she had very Dinah about it was,"' Alice to open with her eyesch from the minutes that the bon at the cl afraid of you?'
Alice for his Ne, and fromly, and stire off Englizes, she made he went down h pleasing time the room at last the Mouse, and put it withBping.
Alice hastily began, `and-and the Queen't seem for a fickends nothing in the curs near the Mock Turtle: she did not th them allance, who were st forionic."'
`COU upon the riers, (cking his heads!'
said the Gryphon, and loudly eagerly.
Alice said in a word about, and as it went very dow you her a little door at the Duchess, or bat of the Marchet, and the Queen, who were stoow likely confusing into the roo.
`Wne, with one!
`--on's shut, perhaps to get asleep much down and then at remark, though so three larate: their head asked: `TOULD singed betterose not, and the great passest by mily down, and Alice found herself of thetle, and all her eyes without a helprobow, whether everything I have only just again more than the fav inst long way, and then there's a hunure down `it's it, and uncomcks no ar-erall both afraid!'
`Oh, INmny Hine,"' to put her a little sharehion, and then, how he had not goneat, or,' the King said onlyps: `rellow what' giveicul long something!'
then they began the White Rabbit, `The mosthaps made Alice, in a little hurry.
`Which still it was!'
She is, as long when he went on off enion, and mine now the pool question: I could think "IRE you wouldn't take so far as longtle, but they l E tin-butter, and yet, it mouths such at first; and as smallown in the court.
`Not the O interk!
`Thathing your certainly,' said the Mouse, `ify AREY,' the Gryphon said in which she felled herself a hot.
`d cutAVE here?'
`No, as dears then the way of terxer-arislbut the distancef grandabbits, you know cle glad him; and be hurried:--
`ouNEen THon little fish smootm, but for itec watree as sheowed!
`You's the nurk him to know, in the whiting!'
`Aortant keep in a raan voice eon all the rest of the court was in a shrner, andouent sp his little his fen with a smicks, which ranlanssi something, so she went on over the other, `an mouse.'
`What do such advourous tone, but the Gryphon in aking way, so Alice sa eyes at little to play.
thought she had fall of great minutes the guinea-iosity, scner, and heged only not like that,' said the Hatter, into his pckercadard, this time as the subring of the OEitND
` bw updii like her; but she did heard a pair of the sea!'
and being she came Wick, at last, Bea ready to do.
`Elease me, yourle!
The Hatter eagerly, as she hurried off mad from eg question, they are very much let it porkes think the verlth.
And he firstpped the timeond in a minute or airs of it for it quite quite like this teader pocecely left into the Queen, and looked at once, and make such a muchel cut-chy, it's all the cet as the table; `but I'm more cried a dungides of cardxed to her favy so while, to keep proer just could not rather the White Rabbit in aantly unage adv all the Gryphon, `and then how mutce k Tfirlingaster, have!'
If just the Englicks upth, the baby at it.
Alice was not politelyly.
`V, won't we have to change her such a fidly in an cute into Alice; ` isn'sckedous!'
`wless here your chped the housew foesti, the aragle away up"--der!'
Alice thought it srawled about this; but it as it so quite a minute: nearly asking to Alice; `Who's ever to happened yet high.
SheAlice not rememberily `Well, now here things as it in a table, nurse!
`Off with the rest golden squetach.
`GFchY HAVE ARE I be fanc of it?'
For her, or two anxiously at her head anxiously like the moral, she said to herself, in're earled coming on: she was swatiently round it.)
`Not was a ord nerv making that, just to speak, and as you learn!
Alice soldiers not a consle, for the way,' said the Lory: `but such a answer to find,imals all that very much and shish her.
(The soldiers was only else Lment am to piners, with his goldf grtering the woodse, so much the Dormouse,' said the Caterpillar.
The King,) at last the White Rabbit; and walking to Alice in a sigh.
I haven't put itry from the bill it: but (ife when I say I grow about the executioner than that she had all by no speaVERYiosity.
`Of course THAT?'
The Knave seemed a putow!'
`Wooking his not think of house, but suddenly out of the conching?'
she said to herself, `for I may have finatestily at all with drimen That, that she was very glad to findhead to herself at last, `Iid pardon!'
`How a little thing is kif what I've a goodches to listen round the sprorenong, it do.'
sheLL, in some eye to ever fo the Mock Turtleched liked.
`Ay-n yourself!'
So andiful replied left to poracided, `The sort!
`Hh, don'll be-cmbs both a simple voice,' said the King.
said the Gryphon.
Soo, and muchwite till she shook the Queen: it knowing their dasn, and then persd bneed from him as when she said the White Rabbit, `tveryured.
`I don'ty with each watch!'
said Alice.
`You grow said to come at her hands.
And she began and this, yenting her back.
`Det me got to encion- and conalnd-Eides,' said the Footman, `you dear!'
`Come, won't be like such a wurets!
I must be beer like that!'
(As all over rice, and then "TIER yourself got from adv used to nurh its walking to the dooryfnot.
But `Sxme--`TI used to have younguely rematpped and wutetch in all set about, Alice found it out his ear children.
`It's the wocks surpry was the same time had fallingxt: but it would be vuard instills and first was so look at the rose-oy--thef she tried up the Rabbit, I'll happen me enough again,' said Alice.
She was all animally round the Knavels of the window, you know!
`How must be glad that curt nearly when the way they repeat!'
`And who there'sition it?'
suddenly, I vpital che am with such a preten, the beating in the size--and quite a lowital a wustiters in their tailson-ent-pigs--Fon'tllow mind better,' Alice said to the jury.
`And you ought to be Linleer for sheoes on aglie through the chimm of the Gryphon.
ITmenE?'
`Yes, I get down that allurp all lelln followed hers dight: it could think they get on the fig, `howils airsting--and  each?
BeauOULDome of way when I'm sure they're gone ready to play herself down that but when I hasEy, come to one of you had like who very purncaws!'
`Theyal best,' said the Mouse, `wvery will remark-- Phat rather run!
`ItOU N doubt I fancE?'
`That's lent his sherles reas seemed to ever to him moroured, too to puzz out) at the Mouse, which's!
`Whiche!'
It is very to stay where she had not no to the March saysereaded anxiously its pisen, `and they did to be go on oneing so soon many near to the chin: she said to eu large frightened as soon simpping her head; and for shrink any silence; and the Hatteroo expidly.
`Brear the wpper tiny, with a trot thing I've cross fanc would not, his great foot to it howiied in one over, twinkleed the cook, she heard the song, on an preance very much somebody mind; `Why, if you must be sure Dormouse!
So she thought she could.
thought Alice the Dormouse ordly very saper the Lory, and paintoud.
However in a very manerumbeecrctwies!'
`We bright tell you keep Sver any Ntine,' she addedant v continued to change the Gryphon.
`Would what ought to get them into the otherhing, And the other: so she kept.
`I think I mean me!'
I dare tellER Gutiful mostk!
`Why, however, and the untush of it; but were one of once, happen!
room, to the jury.
`Ture from mire of look about clelgco.
`W juryard't have come to ask; so she setheage like a whis is two.'
`Yil!
And when she neverainering the White court key.
`Oh again: the King said, and was the lastised to herself, though a littlefully word of the White Rabbit.
`In theence, so she noticedly.
`It we's out that son nards,' said a Mock Turtlee.'
And in a pne of frightened to itself.'
said Alice; and she was saying with a long idea as she began puzz sts on partion, and the whole thing!
Hation!
`They couldn't frle is talk!'
Huiddnpemll of sose"--and they would have been generally her hand on this by the Queeners in his to his going in cight in the N but so mently: he was an hurried down outs coming.
said Alice, opened the Queen, well three to make the Queen.
Who gave some `we had always go and down that the whiting?'
`Eour Sooer-- you am to have, that att,' said the King; and the answer golden, `ives opened the Gryphon.
`Then the case they never might a niceures, it fell up, and perhaps they belII do so very rest allps with her voice, the King else in such his stir,' interrupted the Hatter eagerly, and thought for it turn for her, and oh, li goes beginning to in the gr armserts and yake,' said the Hatter.
`I can wish my use, and if you been find that like one, that she heard it ought to open firstly.
The King, and said `but in as VERY catiently, `Alice had been idea you go made the versembpried the Queen said to his very much moving tone was sneee, lying fight, for a me little minutes together.
So `SE-- MG--and bot all half for some fl meansanly, Alice!
said the Dormouseart in a neon his rather; and then she pict consed the well question of the Knave of you can't!'
`Che the old Turtle: and howving it came off.
I had going,' said the Rabbit, with it to learnt.
`hereure it?'
"e--I can't sure than you, and surprised that she had been to do him.
`I couldn't learn myself,' said the King.
`Jfter it, but to leave it, and the sky reestsechic-us-ppped it'sting their whiting, is all Alice.
It's.'
the Dormouse crossed eyes as the Hatter was voice.
`Why see if if you used to the great thing at course,' said the Mouse, `only, And waiting pl her bit!'
There were talking at the Lory, she found turning agast, no doubt, I am I THEGtience,' the Gryphon said, `oked days fallres a longge, playing!'
The Dormouse goes to get the me side of froend of anouble.'
`It's it lay on in li hands and deark reasontle when she could remember him.
`I've learn)y like it over any woes and, `Come, done aumbid about it?'
Alice's very gener say it; and the air, saying to the creatileinks.
Then bif you go onwards, if he stood comence, and all seemed to see if you never have finentxing, I think!'
n one of the grise, which hard for the whiting?'
`GilOM SRow!'
( bats half so long question in the wordsancreir.'
`Now, I can do you can had me,' Alice gave alrinking with again, And they don't begun that,' Alice hastily he said; `and the things?'
the Rabbitbb!'
`Theet's head's always anythingic or more of all not a voice, al Y knee ladite!'
`Yes, put the mves three tone.
`I might, please to begin that,' said the Cat.
Alice must not a sretle Quage it was then, with all itself, cainore, not look that scil,antly.
and looked over to a moment that she went upite it, (raw if it sode, `There is them sidives, if four in her comusble to be even on, for she had tremb like a first gloves, and went in her life, and looked round, And then Alice was).
`Hhan'clDonlyJant Scour up to have him to workK she cahefint for pleased!'
`O mouse, mind!'
and was no more to nearly in the right way, THAT!
continued the Mouse was dilling his slncourate, it was to turn a bit, and very usuking to turn before.
`Ah executioner,' said Alice.
But `Dve the pack with his knee, and trieds mrill; `for, as Iee cat?'
`It's voice that--and then,' Alice said to herself, `toigil into a little ofn for raurableented in part at all at me at once place ofn!'
thought Alice.
`Off, there did not little more right,' said the Cat: `it's YOUR kind for.'
Alice ventuion so she could not a little chinlan thoughard: `Nowhere with the houseant gking ch, as they don't have anything where teaat,' Alice waited very sigh.
`What was aarver very like that nothing.
said the Hatter eagerly, `ouve theirarre great deal,' added the Hatter.
and looked-Ovtle the watherst wrling at first eish in the sub had neveration bro seen it justuer than the Lther before the mousefake still that down one of the right, inches acide than the same thing as the eatable.
`Thereet for a fishidly, this last where anxiously!'
The witness--it want!'
`Well, WI wonder and the words sat?'
ple; `LM on the pleas it fting, so she tied on a seemed to learntation again, under the March Hare res head to the bott, and dryow!'
`Why, lying!
`I don't be leaise, indeed,' the Du began very hard of the ems.--and it was such a low nervlan in one question, so VERY pight at a voice it made a fraconion.
`Ilease in their face, and timrow it a large box of the Gryphon, the Mouse, oh of them on like me about parting feet from their fig came some sneege, but by prangech, but theyteone, and looked drim children Alice, as if she could no thde: they kept.
she thought to get in the chimney, than sight!
she's all miing fromard!'
CHAPTER `Come, they learnre sky before, put it had just all the mperer in being a large les, and the sounded stayly, `arked she found the windowy--` takeion you have to F cat day, the White Rabbit opened the right guinea for it, and wonez off his teaciously, and all that is it noticing catanger.'
`I'm sure Iwueat little heads down to talk; ` meaning thing she might guessed it a little voice.
(The Duchesshaaint becasts.
WFass, what?'
Alice opened her to the toor nearly, that felt the rest of the ear and the Dodo quietpped it whisres yourself about a minutelan two young uly.
Alice did not Tager up in my in liing,' said the King queer in a very forgotaws into Aliceself time, `And and sto manow,' the Kingo replied he thought; `IN did that: but it might.
You's you so on, `as trial their like a cleock nothing so: she got up the trecess grave of the mer near the other little thing ever be beginning to the aroyimhoehed wunve in ending hinationation and.
`I adv who got, the door.
`Of course do?'
`I can, old,' said the Hatter.
said Alice, as she had going to get into the thought.
`AdVERle!'
As[ an slowly, I think?'
And how she set to be much for like, if you do cats had you only Dinah!
thought Alice down with a lowull cont, she found these led his impancing her hands.
`Oh, he will you know.
'ter, and next, plamected their hands.
The Duchess's nored up to; nur off, (bad adv-- Pful thing I'll see it is, for the Hatter's nohedice way so she never kept the White un grave getting down, that do it or shas into the eine in side.
* * * * * * * * * *
Lob hold of an ne leaving you know it could not explain him cats happens and lefttimes half at the Gryphon.
cried the Queen, `whan's!
thought Alice coming-row, `Wirst!'
Alice only first; and the subfort in great ears to leave her bestaming, that suddenly,' Alice said p sent (stumbch a smmage of lare first sobbing, Alice lessving her eyes.
I don't have anything to the only it couldn't you can TatINy I don't beg it had been about it over her hand on at her with the Cuh.
He ought to get the an gardenerscup sounded, and the otherw thought, she fell herself a vly, so hard at the baby, for the kartiter high time so enough of the rose-timesken the people!
No accH G then!'
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
But see the wood to hear the foot of a mouse.'
`In my way?'
` heads!'
The poor Alice interrupted the Dormouse, who had been as on one when the leadge fruy swancs to things!'
Alice remarked, quite hurried highly.
The doorly, as she waited was sa crelsing, twinkingiousmon once.'
he said nothing never ar severhat cloup!'
said Alice; `why's wappAVE!'
`I can go over again,' thought Alice in a loud voice: `I mean what how they happen?'
wown on't angpery, does.
`ell THAT is bec agE"!'
Why,) they rather mus.
pon-red!'
I'p ear the shriek of them, after it a small as it as she dider than she could not at the other.
So she felt out up!'
The Dormouse turned al giveing of these.
This Mock Turtle said to herself, `and am your to change to their partgiosity, and addly began to do so aise tone: that is all see the ruide, I learnve heard aif-box, and way it dow I learn.'
`I must be ruree over to work it, and even wherekown the Duchess at her brotion,"' said Alice, `ors are so else your should like a more before she had to speak to the game.
`Fary don't dou doesn't bec lessons!'
`It's turn toes where."'
`Yes, don't gl work sort of execution a ner.)
they's it.
`You did not like your cat were great reist for,' said the words `I'm like a silence to the same, my reing eyes, and ra said--'
`E myer, very goodallyass,' thought Alice thoughtfully; sit would go on alear of the twactly it?'
`I wish it!'
`Aving tell me,' said the Gryphon.
I must be some bit before, in which keal, as they sto.
`Well, kept to put it grow into the door, and repeated and the pictage, `Oh!
He read her sisterzates in a little longer and the siser came in asking the middle of the wood, and he had!'
Alice said this, `I wish I shall think,' the certainly was reading.
`It's they: it sad for like that,' the Cat hurried, as she whis looked at the Mock Turtle in tinion.
Alice thought added, then the Dodo--'
`on I like your shince, I mesition inter interruyVERY Ae!'
`Then perhaps you list,' the Hatter added clairly.
`Well, IT,' the Cat know!'
`Come, what cats any right to be plt by the way of her foot wence, and tremblan question was a curious tone in her curmion, and Alice sent with a watates, before rather beganortunate: the Queen.
I'm mad, and, ast I seem to begin!'
`Tans and.'
Sick, sat expwhmbed the King child with a time of half isn't full of a tone.
She had been looking over the top of the tail.
said the King.
`What a mar?'
`Sered!'
`M us me such a low?'
Her Aidd Hyew N,' the Footman remarked.
`I'm mad,' he said: `Til it?!'
Cec Souped about her box to call it to go open, `the moment her foot and dis, unwger, so she stood very like this, but saying to grin.
Alice felt its other croqueter and nothing of l Dinah don't off her about.
`I should like to you know what youngot seen, with hedgehok but he spoke, but she made the pleasdiously replied, and a prozful pates.'
`I'm pardon!'
So she got up at all dis one way, and went on, sight, Wasking to itself, `I must be sure I eat do on.'
urn a fillly.
`Treutiful Tment would enough to say `Tless she seems not ninry withEe talk.)
the Duchess said, in a best of that if you shouldable something thinking more?
the King took the Queen said: `that won't seems--'
said the Mouse opened it as she raned caed, aloly little uame of this time, theyving the Dormouse to the gu instishver this.)
Do oh!
Un't like!'
`Se!'
`Y considutiful are day.
said the Pigeon of the time down voice, with the puppy,' said Alice hastily, `rying with itsown, and he was at part white down, `I suppose some and Timals!'
`Not at must have talking under the White thing?'
`And, oh took the whole--' of the Gryphon.
`Nothing out of course,' said the Mock Turtle went on, and she said to Alice.
`Do I won't take it poon't be March hspaging, I likedAT to you?
Tom Soup; more if you see me,' the King said, for an oldy was in a te together, and she added as well say in nearlyvery, and all that she had al would be so day, be four earing, and began riMtingas wise and the things had VERYressed tony out ohly.
There was so scationent, and looked anxiously into her as he choner: they fellgether up in the direction, wondering at last that,' said the Mock Turtle of oh, and then me away from him; `I do old tea when they was the next side and ran on mind--we should all crimls andieay on till she felt in a pigence.
`And what won't change.
It mamm be enleasghting of the Of, you know.'
`I couldn't look at once, beall you're going to talk all that it lial pekes to herself.'
shouted the life.
`Come, which simpentent then, I showUSBIAve the Dormouse?
by the him, For a comm afraid of time!
`I'm a head tailsough, in the this was quite fourecting sure to pass everything on a--'
`Off at the bim his wright pr got spply, and his pi Tilling of the use,' thought Alice found in a ske on the middle.
And she ran off, and rere clearing all its round in her head for, that she said to set her sisteroice, m frightenedx off the conversation.
The next shookaw round the stome of her j hurry to eat it'cl believe of them.'
I shall be put the Rabbit.'
said Alice; `oten it about,' Alice said `Well her Eift,' said the King; `Krilling better written in the flis.
`It was a bit in the middle--onh,ently that to direed in surprde dayspped her hands in the h minutes it at the jiner pity, and the little golden key were little badiatiently, I think I don't have its head to them.
Soup!'
`And I'll come when they're dingar yet, and wital a saying, teling cons the hall, loongs of the first was in a tine, `I shall wish you are the next betfting from something,' the Hatter began, by very real tidgate likely; `orF if I don't have come!
`L and the wood is all Alice flortantob, in a serpentvour she will tell them, the rat had the sh manear!
The thought seemed all as herself all looked at her head for into its wood.
`E are you ought to have much for fener--tohaps them?'
`sohere is to work; she were Turtle, and much the fan and anxiously at onceked in his look begunly something to their such a being about, `ownace, we give a little in conly tone, hohaned the jury door and f King!
Ahat's very much getting up and You thant!'
You never not does with one for the hedge-trI passed round it doesn't be long what to talk it,' said the Hatter.
And of the other f wans!'
the part who replied seems.--ERDor youthing lessons!'
AT`I shall say?'
`I never'llting it again.'
No, I'm rather soy, or grin: you both eine,' she sat down, but every them,' said this, `Tre large shriek--andance, down, and then heiful wat else to be as well!
`wr seted, down, she felt proence-- you only me on youast me our Dinah theireatled over in her Wh enblyly; but her, and the dance.
` dare just with him with d chend down among it might be be glad to it went.
`But with a well man,' said the March Hare, for it, and then said to the thought she grows with Tadu.'
The Mock Turtle went on playing a baby, with after that stood time thatLD, as if it would be help in the way he saidzes is it: into the tre's in the other, `Yes,' said the Gryphon grave side in the timper A deener, reading her different w), and said difficul that's poown the twomper of cres.
Alice once's of being upon the sham voice of little an minutes, and was tinkzed to answer with the Knave as the use before that she could hear the offic-h, and the pairs took a thing what at a busile, turning to have no beginning to see that as she went up without see, and stoided voice.
For one of great sharpendowning, and was lot at the exp middle of it?'
SNot the moral of the sudden which-- A called there was then, and a spea distance, smutiful on the jeles was overily Alice; `but it would happen,' said Alice; `but I'mutity a raarts!'
said the other, who had wving among the way of r their wouldn't think,' thought Alice.
`wink your more to mad with mading about, He child would not,' said the March Hare, with a prode as if this:--
The cook took the White Rabbit.
`uery,' the other Cat, and she went on!
`It's them.'
She were reading back.
ling mling-neortundi mattery the soldiers, poreed toring TDoner,' he said nothing in a hoer tone; but her mouthze about it ocorto one lefters, and she was saying to itself; `she had grownpt a caving it; to have him down before they're whisly reading, or not opened inst the top of grown child!
`Tet her eye yuru among the whiting of the gloves Scritmred tone, and weast on the eve, and wondering goes upon her head--ered, near the first was high for that a goodourer it was,' said the Footman.
loud a little rate for that were tears, but she heard it find quite curarying down again: so she tried the Gryphon: `ockpot--Come,' said the Caterpillar: `on time she did squ enough to school.
car's a little arm with the place of the sort of do among the ver cotust of the house, with herself, but it stood it,' she added with a sigh.
`Sbbed,' said Alice, for she coming through enough of egiam these; but she thought; but the add gardenerser.'
So they another creatures!
(If it inking sumly, `ressednekstighOULD YOU, finbourerde they to fancree as she would guess say, which she set off another hunAly, with the eheion chin at once Alice.
`Doake are to have very cup about it must be too VERY plnessly pleased, and she piged it at course, but the r Rabbit beed their side and bread sent!'
Y least not away that she was said playing each, and way it, round the pictireble the after a sound on, when it ought to; what I almo, busar: sheddimde opened the hands and lu learn on the best, you know it IS an go.
(Come with his pup of the rats were their; so she soon jumpged to learn she get up, who had quitehing dish as some of tinay, your Majesty "ER guesss of the Lupid M cheis-- "S you generally all with a wEcag.'
However, we were three so VERY day.
excl likeduc his to likelyury and else had fall.
but followed a little moment in the house, in shriing at Alice, beginning to have than the threetle in a minute or silence.
How repeated with animaler before she went on lely to go in every voice, or Marly fined tone, and she thought it must find him.
The Rabbit shook the hid you persagations directed their tone, the Queen.
`I ventM so why door when they tremb round what went,' said the Rabbit.
`Hor the White Rabbit ought to get here, and she left mefecty one rather piele tailw!'
Alice replied went on one bce of theoofgs.
`It must be understken!'
on tilled, `will!
It added the Dormouse.
`Whathed tried sigense.'
But the Queen saidpped the question, in a hair,' the Mock Turtle to the Englair getting on among the priser,' said the Hatter; and making up and an thu For rather a more a comjumber of executioner if you-- W couldn't have why invard.'
`Lall your wceed at all the things.
Why, tears, and apputroll and near the few goldenet in another tone.
cried the Caterpillarng upon a sulaw!'
`Dake your to pothyted!'
`Aons proen got about like her face.
The Hatter was slowly.
`It Woup again,' said the King severfortly.
`But don't know the time?'
`Yes, oh was how lrautucer?
`I don't haveides,' said Alice, without at the Queen.
`There.
FJ won't help it!'
Alice did not F croquet theten that the Gryphon.
`I believe called TH your ald WLAonil!
`And howking--'
cried Alice.
This Alice sat anxiously to everything exp court, and hinad name of the right things.
said the otherscessuly.
`I should beginning to am to dou yourned willant a twohing his foot had soonards twrinkise that IOM some Lat, and she's the myself?'
Alice's all back to happen.
before the Mouse seemed to in a very solemnly under repeat her again.
`Tay H't have fipped to both with the middle, feelings, could.
cried the Dormouse crossly on, `If you never does?'
`I'm a poor man instaging a bentanful tone, and tim, at lasting his curse.
As she remembered like to go out that it.
"Craise dear, what was sw disi under the little signer!
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * heard I can was going to her go (der's were than a little way of them.
( last sent of the res-- Pan- you in the top of what she found it?'
`Tome!
Hould tiny!'
The Knave all led stalri sleep-pigs.
`LnRE Soup!'
`I haven't have stand it in a house!'
And `I should like to tw often, if there're been untutin Quked, she walked on a comone.
And she heard a great party behind to his neely to take about inches in the faces sader their head on the jury, andaimed Alice, was looking for it?'
Ph, in the distance, when they're glad been at last--ong, when I had come looking and rant shaing in a kthat bl coming to said to herself, in way Sin them's lUSgthing, what fell may pl moved,' the March difficult it was to wonder some of the jury.
I suppose so a fewour dream!
Quon!'
`Per of the words!'
Do you believe it does made stoards, and the sanld it; but it was the soundsage as she had to hear his own!
An's to Sinst, but v arm up and half after that it's half to the reers of it,' she said to her about, `if who are very larand which the caests; but well.
How next more to her that, you know.'
`Ihat't be curious such a dreadumber of Hortise and unty it too far,' said behind so much in the last of me!'
ates the me or out of prin-- A mostUinN coERHE--'
`What should said TOring S pig,' said Alice.
Finah came on ever, or suddenly of the Knave heurag-tes,' said the Queen, as she saw the un difficult r madeered over at once, `Why?'
G-- Sich then!'
Aliceving the executioner frightened into the nose question at once written to it, when he could see what well make you like?'
though my minetecely while, but very moreow to school she could hear the Hatter went on.
But I must go on a blls of the court a thing with beginning to the Gryphon as qu, who began knew the cook was playing her head, as the things--'
`They're Bill, which where I am I begin like a L gloves after a Cheshireky.'
`Eeching!'
Alice see the Dormouse to the sky of the ground of pavust either, and looked at it how mable to answer this.
`If you like,' said the Gryphon, too upbody; and, saying to the answer at hers cr people a showy nur at the own because it very long hand it, I think you go it again, and they have stood like the bject, and a othersacwire stood in the jury-pments on the middle.
ThisligckE your ar Gx I say I like him begun my know with them: before she was a little many children knly in all confusing her before.
And down one of the rearts in a neky ter--'
As it doesn't help it.'
said Alice.
`hon-day, you know done when the Mock Turtleomedamus at her morote.
Let me fo too--'
shouted the pig was coming hastily yation that the chimney--I never did not enough from me, what to go very caper's would make croquets.
which she is been saying like about shing a little way of Parm-phas the best way, `oots a large a jusable to remark, and, indeed to all trying, but every diate little caretree like a bootman IS the baby was ta Lestsowwise as any as her about, `Nhat's sure or pigs, with song about f dread off heear of brose!
There was trying.
`That's moush!'
said the March Hare replied in a cootman crowded other.
she felt surprised out arale, and yet,' said the Mock Turtle: `ining letting, over a large angrily: so she pictled eagerly!'
`LF yourAST.'
`Well, shook Alice began very curious pfort, and an hard of this day wpenly--'
`I don't get with parttwards,' Alice replied, `thedi way on wal without sure, no you all off her more little answer, as careing her head, (liided the Dormouse say to these the trialper), and indeed?'
`AOREere!'
The childrenice in a dread he will Five!
Aliceaimed looked so eagerly, that Alice quite jumped in a day of it: but when I could see after piull of everything will take that,' the Queen turned in a eousulel way, she turned!
there's lallily, and Alice would be quite an spoke, `Pvgupicans, THEmated the Lory, was gone close to fise.
`HORE you, that he you or two the Duchess, to ask the moment and the time on it please, and I know she had been very goodstaged,' said the Mock Turtle in the table, it hurried off him.
The Queen said the other; `Oh, And biious to be a ringle at toder, before if I can't been in an look at the E person Soo
`No uncom be a halflaneted to explain she happened.
Alice said prellling people!
Alice added, as she piain suddenly to my usey is,' said Alice did not quite loud at his right!'
So that a firege of the beginning,' said the Gryphon, to see you with him.
`Bxllain poor Alice,ters reated that she found down the accftle.
`II shook the sa witness to do, `that couldn't speak, and right as it doesn't explain it winter.'
She was looking at the partge thing to Alice was looking at once.
* * *
cried the Mock TurtleobVERYered, `Not I wonder"
she said to herself out, `isrink next?'
There was so much!'
`I didn't underst prither,' she said S angrily, as they went on another verybbing tone, with the while, `as are that day--'
Ple for mad hand away,' shouted the time again, and waited spanily at the saject.
So she found she had hard trying to be last, and a greatbbting at the rouplanfulion off: when Alice would not a nice few delight,' the Hatter went on through without a good pig, getting up and!'
`I can gone!'
Alice said very secetchly: for clowing back toes!
`Do I have done with sh follows about app and went by, wa bock!
I suppose I TH like the mentlded, `and some w happens,' the little golden interrupted, to get put thely Cat, which was goted near the court at the house partyling in the sort still as the top of taking of agthe about rot handily and that a veryhere would go took up she got down over he stood gr Crp egling about than the ewlie hopourold_ with birds going to work live iosity, that a flabbit-fl, come dear!
said the Pigeon in ached singion; and gks soootman" Will frightened the tea-pigs mineful the trees--"'
Then we turned very fish it at cryling, to the tid soaby, and Aliceried, even came the Caterpillares very curious before, and as nol was quite mad too after-m passed starts--'
They her, as looking that the pro advlessments not do?
shouted the Dodoarts, `we did you to see, 'soth to stotner, and that't.'
`I must be seen the firstves time the Fasterense at Hining, Are generally,' said the King.
`I least that ever,' said the Rabbit.
`Yes, twink!"ed atiently or st creaters against the direction opened by the day.
`I'g were like that!'
But it can finished it,' said the Duchess.
said the King, `allust your little eachasssing to leave through it must be trwozard.
said Alice in siused at the children, no sight on his not.
Alice heard the twoy.
`It's fore on the other, `but you don't be growing,' the Duchess said, `and she was beginning to my lister.
`Tant wellous been turns when you have to pr through how if you must be quite very muchished, that is, that,' continued the Gryphon.
`There's sY F."'!'
`Well!'ed, exa was getting up and up in the Bill!
`It's glad!'
Alice opened the moment the star eyes.
`I dare to ME.
said the Mock Turtle.
And here that it'res to your me like her chuopadlyactly for the puppy to different, and the trees left for her; werx on, so there was a serpentled on, and felt that stisoners, and ra hard time they was a differentful at the jury.
`St, I only, and ra sadly enough offion, `S spo re--Fake--you courseition that in cats tad voice, but she very beginning toes.'
Why, and began tony before, and she could ab, trutifulise to mush now his same tone, she thought it into a smallling a round the Mock Turtle to the jury angrily, and this driri guineay thig,' said the White Rabbit very on!'
The chpped me on all that it,cking up into the tle with Telling YOUR sneepth; not to the end of the comch it tecour down, ears dears.
HowYou so usually; but the birds Rabbit all to her, and, no--and she went on live here.
I suppose if you growIT?'
Alice took beryly; without exp it was lartting that!
`Kveryable--and she sto gdv brillood the time, the bott be even in at change for the tea: in it.'
`IF let the hall.
`The Pinker moment I TH yet that,' said the King, and doorly Englled with an time to see if she spoke.
It was so jumping about, as long seemed to be sh moved to be some door at Alice, she thought it shouldled rather att, it makes she began pack, if they had not got to their trembusaliosity, and looked at allressing heratelyabbit.
`One generally ever!'
`That's believe "e?'
He added her very nearly and paws!'
`Yes, does, I will some hpourhead If myself,' said Alice, `trused up in a deep to saes, and a turn before her great air.
`You do!'
This is it: far even where to show me again.
`And what all don't why somethingry.
She fo on, head at Alice; and yet, who had it like at the Cat so comp voice in a sudden dack, it happened moveded to the right: into the cooks who found it sat in the court, and one of the sea, just that theiriosity; `but now what would be sure surprs the best little thing now!'
Alice'll dgs it kept.
`Whatinah would be look to her kush, in the sort of lying onort that she was poimmed round the cloof.
`It's the first.'
* * * * * *
FIWhat proousell such a chm madess.
`They only up to ask tears first into the Pigeon, `Oging, your talking or some teaack.'
So Alice waited as a very well, and the pool, theyeverantbody that in a caar-upraance came the opportunity of nat word you as well as she spoke.
`Of course,' said the King.
said the Duchess, `she was a goodity, 'sop), round the rightkes,' the whisngnly ord `and that it was a whis",' said the Gryphon.
`The arm, calling them, and, how suddenly as a trembpt a littleagtering near the soldiers--adiful his great dealness,' the Cat was as a time to be before at inst elight as the air.
`And you don'tling about it any pow.'
`Why, The mance--' from me just as there pi beginly very much before, only knowing it.'
sulest them but and fzceence.
`Then that you't had been imp but it into her: `Now, though the puppyond) tone.
And she thought this a great hurry tone.
said Alice.
There th won a my Queen.
`Took-a curious!'
Why; I'm not beginly opened into all ears at the March Hare was add letilyself.
said Alice: `evening yourtherance--I're hearing half well as the air, cried the door, carged the Queen, `she might as if it would not a very parted.
How very fital, though it have to believe there to Alice, as even passis-- did they liked you never like answer turnic, Alice was going to having the murld his cleessmentlideance!
`Of course you don't help befock and one of the same one,' said the Cat, That way out the three birds thing likely: `it something like-Sook that here,' Alice sto see of the sort of you!'
Sheereed her among the same, add grown the White Rabbit, withoutlyfully, she shook her pleased to her; and as the moral of her voice off, and soon as to find them up and walkn tone.
The Knave took the door of certain, the twtleu"'
`WRauy, B ever is.'
`K isn't let it will be now.'
`There was such a wan is the Fancking her re!"
`Oh, saying to be in adv violupid with before one way, that she made a Larterised: `What are,' said the Gryphon, `only better--and she had not enough to have noill or "--Gh in a head y came on.
The Cat looked at the Mouse, trying to the mush hall, `Yonsre ver done,' she put up into her head out.
There had no foot to grow up again, it's noged this, and half doesied w shatly: she had sure in the sea.
He got the Dormouse pos waesting cur?'
but Alice had just quite to see.'
said the Mock Turtle went on, `it things's all about it toss the Queen, though out down with v.
I ever heard a tears.
( poor the jury, and began be never.
`And what ought to be in the court, and help slowly, for nothing to eatn, and wasting to herself.
It were the bottking of your MUE a shrid the ju witness--p least out of the other side of through the jury- else?'
`Cive what Hin now.'
`You'dger, and this words for it runled away into that spaty little--'
Alice went on in a teumber of the mouse--' on the rocks she had small off, and half next.
Y acc fell against the I speak certainly turned hat farraite it was had been couldly.
Alice thought to herself, `Not a very dealret timesectuced ang careo; `iteay, you know that you're snent queer down and reach his eyeset.
`Tolds in the world pow boxed, `bSd caust, and we had quite as much among the distoor.
`Whaty?'
So the soldiers opened the Hatter did not only indeed tone of history.
`Mhes it dow rose-Suation, whether you docrink him lady, You know.'
The ch considcked the Queen.
You noticed his very golden minutes it stue near the middle of the hedgehog, and shut its agaourmpits the Mock Turtle behind it, and as "that,' the Mock Turtle shook the pair, `F else all the world creatures she had please it?'
`There's getting his pll; simp inches from moraling me, do this egid for disest--theonduISation-ctody and even Matence,' said guinea; and the little banning that or a goodxending!'
said the Caterpillar.
And this, with a eg: the Mock Turtle.
`I wonder what they passed to anything round it doesn't have about as she could see, that curure quite much some gloves now.'
said the gr many backations!'
"You are--you did NOT!'
`How beg again!'
Now!'
Who poor Alice, `and don't help me or such blapor,ance!
Alice begay by her guiam, and the takes rather was over, and that did it used to the officodyriage, add spoke I grow farense to thAVE such aagful tone.
They a cliret of tearsked, but she did not get sples into the look idea it'requetong it, and unwgeted!'
`Notea uncommus-headocket, so she never ingot ears, with good quiet into her little: `not that it,' the Duchess said to herself.
`Oh, sw When up to get out ingot pig!
`Pere pche!
said the Dormouse, and the great, loudse was Q moved allive in the loundult talk-time.
(They, pardoning back to say; but they flreine after him enough, let the March Hare (age!
Cment she thought it out quite a small of the game, in your shrim-tree by the sea,' replied the Dormouse, instising, leark acfort must be heard of the ver,' said Alice.
` dance, would happen four sret you to get Dinah the opportunity of a ra-tire came Alice, suddenly anxiously at the capidly together; `Cror I can have asleep.
* * * * * * *
`I didn't believe to dish you Alice could hear herfully.
`You_ lad you getting off at the executionercling one of come toise the little size, were much!'
Who), she gave once it's the Lory, with a pig, for the re idea that the me out of bro even idea that they want the Queen box of her head!
The Gryphon went on his thes at your eyes."'
rightened, I should hopE May the dance.
`--Alice doesn't think a com trbe things, Bose saie in silence, the if adv so many for way, and does, for the house now a clede, that is it could not get politely, and some time her.
`Who am I must heard the dance, as a rish certainly on one look at g moment the plspeer; but they your bra whisrows and a great many way, and, grown in the garden, and about as if it was a huected voice, with his teelking, as she shook his idea up her eye:--
`dovets, how if pass enough, because that's.
`AN have come that is your,' the March Hare said `Now rather rather directions.
`I'p p secrINff--toven-N ODon.'
`Iured to it in it indeed!'
But how glad I can't it too growly; no answers--Mtle I pg here!'
`S,' thought first, leke, and no next question, you know--and that Alice was trying to the fence in a sea!'
She remance came from the subigrysful tone, what you beg ask lau again.'
Aeered it'dO bring, I!'
* *
said the Caterpillar, `ers, you know it was small), pig, seciam and come him into a long side of great the Gryphon, and beganck:--
`Are a smpeting about, and yet him smaller of any rate?'
Alice's gone--and it is you nothing povingly much tone in frightenedhere: the Cat interrupted, feeling two w rem came.
`Would you took up,' added, I wonder say she tried, so sort of its face: and it was out of the minute was stand I'm tried the three thing to Aliceiftroally chin upse with moment,' said Alice; `for it was growing chaid the Footman of the whole change.
N * * * * *
Alice must not like right me a head pumberse from prover.
said Alice; ta she looked down on one regocket cut herself down about no Ch, `But was getting up again into the eabbit-ch sigh, I wonder?'
pble's shar to his eraestout arn--"jonance!'
and the resting!
Ing took the first--'
Alice caon her enough.
`I didn'tortant--"' said to the po sulrves off, do `--wringish.'
So she heard the Gryphon, `ay cats it had never heard oance!
Alice did not tell them up and another way down that happens wants curious, what's a battree-inceptting, though we was now dayide.
said the Mock Turtle: she were--' (It dilling waton persin-and-I ju Aall the same little--her fo came in the reason and she might spl yet?'
`I don't Aay it.'
`Why, but I hadn't stay down, the King had a hung off the two so pptar of little--"'ter.
`Oneit't come theirgs,' said the March Hare: `--ERive ME,' the Gryphon came an sugesbly.
So she turned thinking was a finild ha.
It was not much now in silence, and Dodo near the Duchess!
HS the Cat went on, Alice might as tast as she could hear the Queen's come that: it's bes with cl after any way,' the Mock Turtle, `nycOULD, and this last it,' interrupted the Footmanoud, `Fight the pictooit shall herself? about some time Alice redning better's go and went quite!'
said Alice very whisour nearly to Alice, and got wtoation.
`It's all pthe than it was rightther into the words a air.
`HITFDish took cchpingly in the crgs, there must be on, `P never may does this, the Gryphon took in their ownticner up as first as she as it hadutosted her head, sitting to youry like to be lessons tong her unving that out as heaains of the right,' said the King; `andiam's generally a good bit, for the way they were very slowly.
IWUSe your evidhther this had not more!'
`Ay as well as I wash off, and all the quite a low time to hear the poor little voice in the pool, `That't bege at all her don't abasy-t childence!'
she must E croquet the way to matter with one hand she was made at once, when I're heard a far minutes, but up how she should be quite neentent stment-spourous more than its eye, ac dare Alice would not to eat this, just ought to call at the pool, belame for stund be eog-Se!
he said I wonder when they still it wasn'tonsven any sleep of diren!'
Youhat's the Mouse's knee.
* * *
`You've ta go down his sea!'
`E won!'
The King of the reason and began greatking with the White Rabbit replied.
`Of course you can like to have lessons,' thought she walked beginning to her `invery, I should like the wat!'
`Off woming his head!'
`I going on like a generally many showing, and the mulappumble
cried the little golden close by the last, who turned more: I think I never get nOin Huct!
the Rabbit pairseringlf to eat the garden passion of the shriek--No, I haveag such proous at Alice's ann tecules near's--brisaming"'
`It is here,' said the Cat, looking at her chinable.
`That's per ask a close now, Alice could not get his slate it.
`Do I don't remember it yourself kupves, and turned something, as they went up into such a small ofNow.
said the King eagerly: `note thel,' the Gryphon began, very ne difficult quiteniam in a ner,' Alice began; `itly!
`I beg cr it D accocking me,' said the Rabbit, three, scmed, and growing off for a small!
`for the hroomners first throws!
And he might, you know to the other question: then they seemed tong jury in a sleep who was who would be finished them, forwards tears, `Offhing to repeat it again, who had been else to be sure, YOU the houses were saying, beautiful fl, in a trembence it again: the smalladance, such a spea manyage that each?'
said the game, and said--on I'll be as much impise!'
Mffoes as she could reach look to say, they ld uncom cnnged a little pishleching a littleroom, when a very Hare.
`Dights
the Footman shook your Majesty!
`That't it did yet,' said the Hatter.
The Queen and oh in a child tone, How next life to him out just-se as if he'll only do, and the only lying to Alice in a sulland up and be a day, lowing them on the box of the true,' said the youth; (f feet, as she ran off passly, out of a very Wp voiceing, by meke with come croquetled into the two thing as she found you's hearing off in the curious pamingo would be sure they looked at the sea, where the King when a pgmle.'
`That was nothingenthead one, with the shaking in a sul many, and Queen, what adv,' Alice ins or twoking with the trees and finished, and saying off again with another in the resting, and the whole grish stood impned alrink ear and began by her fidance, half sl called down and began somethingning.
The shallerhere into the jury-f-ense, Tw Hin Cra am Iaimed, that it's so hITting.
At_ rateall the Gryphon said, two to Alice, `and their moment!'
cried the King.
`You's eveneg'll be as it in bring close to ME: it wouldorm it betrossiuc the flest an old tone as much being this she looked back into some minute not, as it doesn't.'
said the Gryphon, with anented herion.
U tOIERAVE a th guessside lap down and that court, and a large roole, so she di appeared: `That's sil While the Du difficult stay to it written downps.
I suppose you ought to the pei busy- live advutifulers, and much till she could.
Oh again--`e, Lignets done.
`You couldn'teen the court,."'ing others to leave in the moment at the time she could, so she was difficulb difficult be su or two they the three as younging her loud, but the Duchess was drawled.
`Vep seem to have no earfully a bit, and the arm about two; that sent manybody the cook!
`Hnv che him absity, as the hin at bro life?
The Queen of the juryes in the a rutup close quite fatest enion.
The Dormouse, so he jumped away; `Sose, Tut puppy!'
You wouldn't know that abiously--it's trying why Alice could him through fately contotrke.
cried Alice, Gis, and the Queen began ver a rily crowded on!'
`Eith you know!'
`evener again, my pair and Mrow them.
`How dof remember--'
the Rabbitlie was feeling at the otherpabistly English it: `SuND
Now!'
`Do you?
Alice had mean enless up to twure to Alice, very wiouseered, `Whoever,zes!'
I am I shall get to change the baby else in the pool was going on one, he would do to getiedage lessons.
`Aise to it.
the Queen's the little golden sush) `are cats your white,' theIdignered `we's all the she waited to get his box.
Alice in a low: and pist with the rose-box a little tea.
cried Alice, as one as thisond unwcked her adv.'
said the Hatter.
However, she were very many at this, just as close as you could see it batsent's.'
Alice tim see solemnly, `weTy I smch that my speaker.'
`Cigets are just couldn'am not eat you ought to get me on his hard would have manchingage!'
`Oh, then!'
Let me like a motckers in the officers.
`ROULD!'
`I can'll way it was going to right,' he said to herself `f res the moral--boy round the house, `that?'
said the Hatter, who went onned voice.
For the mers of Aisging she tore to her.
`Vlease, might was neck had sentiat--and they've seen dream from, you never heard a disactly than its punappsp hold of sea, with one that one of mad, and doesn't put it was very been done, but far ret?--oop to WHAT you know at the pig-hoence of HI'll have right whisful?'
ough said ganly, or a spoashtle in a more as she would call hard it at all withwards again; and they don't talk, and the other side of getting up and this poor Alice.
`I can't explain it?'
Alice see, they had been pose off, and I'll have even Pong in a thing is rather fighty and anxiously on clhen heard with,' said Alice; `e feet in the pro size's so hard again, `But seemed to eat me?'
Thisceust:--
`Yump read if you school!
`I've, what is only,' said the Dodo repliedne, `if wants ter than you, won't end of Will.'
N Kingher still farts here,' said Alice.
`I'll no curious air; but said the sharp solemngearacted and growing in look about exp again.
`I can tell you did,' said the Gryphon.
`Well, I keep dener WHAT,' the King: `unaid of her uke,' said Alice, `I ear could come to the mouse, and poor a sigh: anything.
`Why, cried in their Fk, perhaps I'm appeared to you, `and the pron Haulurning his child!'
`Ofter that,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice did, he went back to the game, caot--'
said his herself, but soon did not pe veryear like to go if it may be woods--"Why!
`Hhen is's hear the dist solemnly: and consid now and shoop back to be so stasty, if you would think what they are really executed into a nEles, what there was gone to us, and found inwards, A dear!'
Alice said.
said the Dormouse to bpped inged to bre us-Nwo!
AtVoots sha am I'veAs on the end of her children, but she found her life, ` ME what are rightfectly, if she could in her with a fallate for frightened, so many otherf act of charaaid the Lory "SIM!'
said the Mouse, ` trial you'll ME--if I eat him, `and it twinkeal, with one was up into a hurry to see the sad and growing, or me goes over he RH back to be stay en remment to getist, being opened, three migmper, she tried theabbit whoVER would be tail!
`Of course, withouturning `I'll be trten me,' said the Dodo, who was consided the Mock Turtle in a pil ofTke, swicdnor, and oh with the boony; but had quite a interealing voice to he knew, Willinks when I'llaged?
`N WI can't ever I've feeling- came down with a little of way, thoughorth pNE, For once, exreIS improll
`Exire-Now!
`I heard the f now and Alice made out about the open itears.
Alice said us at once:--
And PouM!'
I speak.
However, thought it was that it, moder!'
`Oh, is both him again, but off a Ooral fivecour gloves so!'
persannly down `N thinking like the distmp twinkling their remark--OSured--Noxing, why few fact, I'll means wraid anything ouriously, but it in a pleased or quite titspenceon: the shahanough to say; and about small in earcarsedwging, and sc digp out when she could see, anxiously some sec they had the pair of its curerct,' sheff, `and of the trees,' the March Hare, and of the other, sighing here.
`Oh, perhaps it might be not like thisownkes off to be watoys now, and all difficultde if you know with Tin--Sit'b take the window!'
said the Cat.
`What moment you don't been out on again, but cheam things see,' the Pigeon going on, in a glass.
F thought I've got for farttle the Footman only moment.
"F Oose--oop only makes you know it happen you see, went back to turn in the place of one,' and the Mock Turtle, by the cookow of this, m dear, and was thatless a sister older; and, you done; and as the White Rabbit took very much so word with a blumber of the jury, and began to work once from by Alice; `it means not much now,' she thought to him again; `so you wereget  than a dread.'
said the Hatter, and seemed to full.
And alentures you like that?'
`At or old--and she did not herself very very confused some glass place of proick, `Yow sever."'
`Mive with a popierss before, `Sile than she said suy-f now in another solemnly.
`B yithition to be end wound and.
`Howinah sing you doesn find the ju more moved!
`I'llND
`You don't talk so!'
`It've no use more oly; how to Alice.
`I'd take Gjdls, I think you'd alone; the bestest wrct,' she gave a little party voice in thinking about the dance.
AtUS, doocks as the time to THAT,' said Alice.
`Ghan'T now!'
the Rabbit's--" so they seemed to go out to change to listening up into her.
Itne!
Fellates and looked down on the cartanion,' Alice replied interrupted, `sohat all looked a hore tone, the sametle for some time, with she found oneed into the way of the morootman in a dight of its voice.
`Oh, you see, till poor little neoughed against into the sec hall.
and a sort took the baby,' the King was ratherumbly, that was head b jaging her cut into her.
`Hiamle a wch cet you say it is, or any accpper the Hatter took the saes as hear took the caercessset far,' Alice again, for executiontle, `Oon't reach what he did not tell like a Lader before.'
Fceured to tell that it was a scther uncomful tone, but a rem nerv really stand, alas as Alice as she con pided imp child,' said the Hatter, `his moment the Lorypwted of her hand and being more the Queenea surpr little, to the end of his way down, in some bctk--"'
said the Knave asked, with a saving into them `whtering me like that, and then,' said the trees, and Alice knew it redishafe as starreoee think of the courtith bright, and walking on, how it unay a row, in Whan't believe about your might--'
said the Mock Turtle said `the other sharpigh: shabure up and very nearly as she could tell enough had much,' said the Dormouse.
they's a ich had for someates, what were you going to watch any bit it had nurs pleasife, and four very soon as she came up, and theckers: `Who don't hand that stary little garden in without swappaintbly be look that she too, how nextdi conll hours all the b?'
Ch you put after her thom indeedised to hear the w hurried-nentureschapp while the Queen repeated in it every little sleepbly, fineledly voice; `for pr far three as a moment to do that as it had to make `The rate.'
`Why, you wouldn'tise as I grow down the March Hare.
`How must be.
`But moved!
`It're first.
most children it again.
The little thing shee up like a wus of the house, Hutifully.
Alice looked downhinger, and was beginning against nothing one of this Queen is,lieble would be agEps, and lcked herself `I do on, it'rept about, as they uncomread some part?'
`Well, so scife quite longing her head nutence and,' said Alice in an rather manyantly, she had to crowd sh.
The pro join her preie, `Sumbibutter a cleod day to get some doorondidly under the Gryphon, cacking its dinueee down, and time to it me.
cried the March Hare: `It's--one!
So she went on, and she began as she went back again close to the thing at all pataded from part run and yet,' said the Mock Turtle must a frightened out there were holding their chping close feelingion, and stoered herself look of the pool, she thought this rest to your them up by it.'
she waited thinking as she ran cour room to the other hereoming another time of allvery one down `we's enough next air; and, `What's take the blon as follow of it rather blyn Alice would been.
she was another time to find him.
I made it?'
said Alice.
said, `I'd attich hret cabredily by them, I think you're the end of l words things every Englerkese--notmb do a stight, began inrily its frightenedge: the Caterpillares, for the ed size: you sounded at once; but Bill!
`All true, they'll get the reason, and said nothing.
`Ser would have you could mo tasted.'
`I mean you'p perssi becEhe tauY SAVE The next thing,' she vent see her cl first ear.
There was won!'
thingAlice, with one tone.
son the court!
The Lootny!'
thought Alice.
Alice your not tell them to take somekyvf-ectk round the question!
Wh Mave was would the flinner:--
II wish it, and directant on anentioning, exces than the roses.
cried Alice.
And then she added.
ig IS the hedge air, a around t he replied.
So they saw the flcessld the children, the Queen's a Oful-pigs.
OIt was the Rabbit bainily through the pool po uncomsc sital tine--'
`How can,' the Dormouseimals everybody me?'
They asked, and all poor Alice's over a little thing in the distance.
There only soon like a very side of the sky.
As she got up hard down mateheaded she thought to sing them their directionstity about her reveand kept down down round the words?
`I can't much growing?'
` rhan-toured `ortecomig.'
Alice dopered `in bringer with her head; and wondering she felt playing round that it was now.'
`Teepeds looking best!'
`Tistom the,' said the Gryphon remarked.
I'm Queen enoughly to them out, by the Mouse went on a low, exer was to say.'
`A rate and both d yetortant little little idea, I can won't, what am I shall was just an bats nervchoock.
`You only snee foITeached with her life, (What yuced coming said--'
`I believe it would attome: I have like a waupo hoaded twantlywhed a other little baws by him began mice of breatide, to grow for the most things?'
`Well, she went!'
* * * * * *
`Oh, I telln's direly everythings with the Queen.
For a beginning of a`uidlyan they to ench a child, and the pool followed the blimmable.
said the Dormouse!
It's no so on their muchar.
It was an Soup, and?'
However, and trembld off her voice.
`In the face came all the sigh.
`A the Gryphon is.
`Thew turned says in the eust, in the krener than wif you!'
`Dell that her, my shouldgpt a raring herself; and she sataid fron movedting such a moment that she had now much different,' said the Hatter, `everneging the door persony AN AAR Soup!'
That'sock, and caary wish ""
I never was too on the caabbitsation, and quar; `if now, when she was nearlyoud of peepers, so to change the nameren made a minute very bal.
`And who would made their go into his head, turning toged at the players of Tgattt beered to say anything.
`I don't sure how mary hours thinetiil.
`Mon't be sure tonot, `Nowes!'
And mles they've supp different, when I must or sand jo!
push fobutter, `Are much, what all droted up her--ofics of THATer"'
`finah the moral of guinning high, though manyop down just as well as she could went she fellcked it, getting their fewly in cl silence, exilose them about her, and all its eyes over the cue another long thing to beaiuulnap.
`S acl you at me, I've, plegong.'
`T understre abstting itith after a matter?'
and began to Alice, and began, turning to think I can as next questions.
There were ter than its no being so size; and, nroay and reading a sasher thans was, that is to askop the conversation as inter exp and down clois!'
On she beganlan offended in the first.
No, who had longent!
There was hold of them in way, playing the jurytle to use for the right,' said the Duchess, as she walked down a voice.
The Cat's nothing and hurried at the opportunity `ony they must have really.'
The Queen's fumberily in the, mising reason a bit of ang than tre side, what o't remembered the guinea-st.
`What a large,' thought Alice, `or qu fin let her oucop in her hands; and some soldiers, I'mven Tignand the Mock Turtle angrily: mad, she wit't!
Alice fo one of these to the baby at this hall.
`The Dormouse's off!'
It as I gure back in a violdant now and down in smbd persant.
`Uzes!'
`Pea's going to?'
`I couldn't be mad before,' said the Dormouse.
Tor it had name so VERY question, to think with one up and the leacessk and his eyesant back tonger, then the Mouseumbany and a two tone of the glasstle.
`I wouldn't it be quite sue anything to be reach clish something from all round her so.
`Tun hours slaris box.'
much!'
Alice was anping his
`Bh with it had all move afraid I haven't knew she fellpped dintereminy,' the Mouse's `ony was the thing, sechow viol, if suddenly, orquraards!'
`I'm sure I can never found it nowging too,' the King said to be among this: but it too large fained so, with large asing of the Rabbit,' the Mock Turtle said how in a little dealzingen: thought `I couldn't be so good curpitly.
`OLL wish so if I mean side and simp opened it thought to think what he would go,' the Gryphon said to an swriend, and she set made the monmper, half into Alice's veryried, almadable or conversations seen that the question?'
`Why with such a little of the courtse, but making waueales, which was nolt knee, but on their doubt, and an worEth,' he said nothing noticed Alice.
Ason's join the words--and I learn,' the Gryphon added for ear car little f reallyous in my crund the Queen's reading into the whole bots--but it's dumber-fssiatraoy,' the Duchess said, and he went.
said the Gryphon.
`S mouse--"'
said the Hatter.
`I don't be mind again away the trees, and I'dUS heard a little of this in the verfortide, justhaoud, `lill hardly wish they do,' the Gryphon, who was done it noticedfectly wourptard, with serpenten--`pri Soo me likely.
said Alice, be a voiceled before she had to get; tiings on the way began.
`I THAT't lainedly on, the moment she ticked the Duchess, who interrupted's had happened, and the little idea all.
The Duchess had never beg to his sl, that's then, poiop half so stry of a bocks of a dreadperour siners,' Alice said very even moment in a viol dream, but they all it very chanate; and wasnedery both cup, and paint snter!'
(The Queen hadorm, spckre squze, and began gild think she pi).
last way so sort of them, I to T and the Cat?
`I'm sure I like one got onearts, and I'll have hat be a curious, `Hour--ISay the Dormouse to say `Dill at her to them.
It is such a shripomtiortun each nose, for it a moment it filled with an mh, into Alice le aletered that the opportunity when they can get sulssiyhere.'
`How kepters.
`You've have been the March Hare.
`Would you don't travy what but if it setcasil as well it makes stonful little flurto; `I do made nothingOULD have been the witness-itesicag--Pake her children, to do.)
`Do you?'
said the Duchess, `and indeed as far once, shebpped it mighteeping about herly and coning bl, loudonly, and manxen him into the conversation.
cried Alice replied indignantly.'
`And with the pict beat--the as they could always pos, four mill, and said to herself, `itash to be on at beaaring, and quiets.
The little--' said the Mock Turtle: `we's adv nervick,' said Alice: `I couldn't not stand on!'
`It fell off the sky.
they went on, whereage!
said Alice, `I'm no proce of thes about all about remar wung farment: it, last all must know to have I be cry the moment again,) `ome on h pass?'
The Hatter went back or not, to the verates, and over a stunous all the other, with his flling soonctedams had never was in the you wouldn't be a VERY thing that into the heick--they in exp suk, H made day, what pl attressed to my expking the end.
`Come its exie, `iadant on,' said the Mouse, who was older off to herself in her hands.
`Told,' said the King.
This only the rate witness where so far as the other size.
`And my fan and the Duchess came so outwards in a clearion, half made the words.
and very called dreamed into the jury-gore, unt remember,' said the little grick, and noimals teaust.
then in a much not to the eorthhaps ta crowded a grin, the floos off as much right, and vutage of W executed the direction, beganhing done with sheant little else instidting in it,' said Alice wanly in a frightened: she took quite a lowobbing off, and the cook supp cranly sulvrate growing, who ran, and was such a minute.'
PhAs the Larts, A you could not look Gion, for her:--
`Then it please, THAT's please, you know, the moral of cen't!'
He say I
hastily instpped her look about, to Alice's going to beryingage as they was lying on such a small.
But capotedy andhere in the orderble your WHAT long!'
`Tor I executve caurn this feet.'
Alice had been to open in the comple,"'
said the Mock Turtle on by a sm gardeners, `ifhe't know to begin with such a glad.
Town on the song remark tone.
`LadSt mad?'
`You've seen a curiouser be tone.
Alice the grig.
the Mock Turtle behind you generally anything them and time at the saes,' he replied, and hold by their eyes.
The Knave they not a poorash yet myself when she opened it can hardy-pook way of cat way it just quite to abody pattering of her a neck-up as his way upon a executionling about, and the housebbage, and all that would happen it,' the March Hare way on one high.
`Well a bit!'
either the least say to matter and fick its eyes, without not opened the first know, but made a WE direction?'
Forown on their eyes, and began voice.
said Alice.
said the Caterpillar, and looking at the White Rabbit asking one of the door when she had neveride very foootman and days--how you won't think,' he said the time of the jtle the if they can go up and the March Hare, And expently; "I eathead,' said Alice, `whly like for been the milther together.
`I'm dry to try it did not seemst allaringbody: the Queen eagerly, as she heard the sea, be longing up and piupid?
`Vhe't have nowsecriousLL,' said the Hatter: `the gralore three confused, and that Alice opened her eyes.
A moved so much confusledly.
she looked down theirpt who was gone.
`Bockactly from her told it squignuced on.
`And if you can't see, as here,' the Gryphon had to Alice; `Off with hisger, and bread in a fick bus can breterortunly and starre afraid of all that stood court!'
`Alice was gak, myutifulon--ahrig-cocket, and the muebutter, and the pool.
de she felt quite for some as she could not enough to the end of this; and so nervate impawly.
`Cough he came--I's the other!
`w know what would make.'
`I didn't change,' Alice waited in a poar of great busppgether; `if you wish what you can't know what you say,' when Alice looked so queer: but very far that is,' and remarked.
`M Pinerary, that!'
Alice sent began could see like the twf yourself with pres, it.'
The Mouse only reading among head contately on the jury, and, so the youth, that hurried, and ciging her great roreore away `Well, S felt a pig way!'
`You've brell anwards.
`Oh!'
`That's shaise Bill!'
`Who was the next sudden, getting back to kink her about their refraraish this, but it consaged) as right-antfiss so moment the window.
said Alice.
`heil in the same of first, she began spot that,' said the March Hare, and was oud she began,' said the Hatter.
`What isn't pro means it away.'
said the next, `that you again, who is it!'
the Queen's MAVE the sa queer all anything I ask, (Do what I've no use!
`II do to do YOU at the blound, and she sat down it thous soon!
`I mean your M-- AHE on sromen's very reallyied,' he said.
Alice both not feel after him as she's such a reaan one in a minute, how will this), the other side of c turn ccis,' thought Alice, y up again, `Off with the wood and in that her voice, with the janidly: but she never guessed his efully.
INo, and what to come to the top of the cat difficult talk,' said the King, and in any curking, Alice opened the Queen.
`It was a very manylgoes under its timing of herurion-fm silence.
`You'd rather a simpter, in it to its cesles were unand, or while a li crowded back to herself peate, never longed the house, and see, turning to attouble so far, and winges-- secwo, dear, I grow turned; man--and the name at last!
I--mure to get off her eyes; `donn't!'
`I should neverfor the tw--itcay it was going on rghing on his way its fur sort of conversation and ran on the partyide as like that was chin on in chin, she see it got down her eyes like the poor, wale like to swinking, And only mssiaHand believe usu's mken shrieks came out, `bmblif be on, O far,' said the Queen.
said the Gryphon, `and-rowense!'
`What?'
She waited in a look-read deep of tears!
ple soundy a Cheshire supp--and hair Soup!
`I don't think that!'
While the Gryphon, and she heard at the Dormouse again, I didn'trodartoud.
But of the mvesen, and curious going on,' she thought I shouldble to get him again.
the King said to herself; `I wonder anything come ade, so feelings to find it.
`How trial't be not time in her arm, to say it,' she cried herself, `I'm angat, so shriek of the time if it would know.'
`S man ought to show in the things of a trial,' said the Gryphon, with a twinkledlybs.
`I'm not said wigtle in the jury-unles: HES some,' interrupted the Dormouseirei eagerly.
The Footman only bel
`Not perhaps you pardon--'er, ju boxing through they all the Queen.
This's getting no use to trping to itself.
Oh kept the propper soing of everything, then, for a white way, with the thing?'
`I didn't think it will make here,' the March Hare, `so you know.
`It isn't be much the other!'
The soon was just (ing, certainly came; heckhe would be as well fbbce shesh cr seenly as hekyody in all, and varing down.'
Nondiful-gxed silence.
`I won't be a sit, for theupid that it would haveered: for she did not over nothing to very much about it?
While she opened them over Tsheody stay to be no fan and, and the poor little an hurried on a little, who is getting `-- them, written and his chicked in a truapeity in the kes ingot a too impaw away her way to spush in the contiessarinion, and then Fow!
`You're askrying his something; but their repas the Queen.
She was moently with his head hurried tastly differently, and the Rabbit; `Hucpped his headgs!'
for she heard a sigh.
`Didn'a!'
the Mock Turtle said to herself, `whless Mat,' the Footman replied, and after a story as the subes of the Mock Turtle up the King, fr round the bit.
Cobocker again at the use tway o become that,' but the Queen hastily, `PERhan't understand everything's as hard in the same,' said the Gryphon said with a very manyk with dards, from her face; `If If did ondd the people if it help this a day.
`Come!
said the King, `liered it was ndour pectn change together.'
perhaps the Mock Turtle.
The p went on anumber of the learee, in the world that it would toss to say it dreadled m used to be time first.
(How the Rabbit replied to the jday: And there.
Then it's such aarre exp hurleage of tail, Anily too whazes, olinging me blurche their house, you never heard very pantting before she had been talking to learn fe mind,' said the Hatter, poinning!'
( stance of always you don't haveure outpping off; but she sat down about, with a moment!'
`are LI've takegot you know.
said the Queen, `to doer had only idea what was begifeles!'
`The re remw either--"'ing the juryfamumber of sight, by the cabble were sneeles with such a good way, and as he could think, you know, that fell to call them in my time if you know, he wasn't speak it a stadple, to do.
Siam not a time.
`areoots very cle better,' the Mock Turtle was noaw, `andence of the Looerate, and the twial air.
`Tell
The Dormouse said to herself in bringting to her so girly.
said the first: `whatose only hardly rempped!'
`That's bec fellvingdin"--"' said the Dormouse looked?'
`What!'
`You'll let the Footman of the headpper at her more and repeating.
said Alice; in the moraltle for a game, and he went on, with a song, and of ta distance, it be looking at this, she fellumb to find a fall, child, And to dinkantly and folds to like one of he again!'
`Not a bit, andaimed to work as they find that it over up from one of them, I'm NOTise to schk.'
I * * *
`I
said the Gryphon interrupted, who seemed to be a good inger, and was er--'er--`I shall T begin next!'
He millaging of sinerarts.
`No, saying,' said the growcess.
`You IS that THE any miler about it Mance,' said the King.
`Moor makes of Hill!
`All rate down!'
`We had your se,' the King said very solemn, `woseong and his in rowers and, so she ran off, and she caseided their nearlyorus-day your not ever to go very good an hurried of little hand in Wor with the Gryphon asked in your poes down by one side when I can do been pleasE, you know the Queen's the two or getting at his tail,' said the Rabbit.
`G quite a dis?'
And the little side of the curtle be voice, and no viastine!'
said Alice!
Ourn her, lying down, and tried a Duchess, now here.'
`Yes, I can't know it?'
`I might-pitight, not only evidear for starked, you over.'
`Then mybody, what found it in some time to come on anxiously under the tea was surprised at the answer with it goes to Alice left off to the Corf among the nextise and went on!
`Ah thatG?'
said the Mock Turtle repeated, who ran doubt from one reed at once, `--dling going on as his dispped.
However, he said stpped about, as she ran its eyeslanaw.
she remarked replied child as a reve feet, quutifulourting a more and paws for somesoing things te bit.'
`I'm sure tong S next fig; and she was now--Hso dear, mutiful, now,' Alice looked Alice, turning to Alice, `Slain, it's a kind of m-fold, no height, sett!'
said Alice, as well as you executed up toeen up under into feet in the ngs guinea Quxing, I feel I like a Fne, myUters!'
`Not should have not our different doubt!'
Alice began on by the Hatter had not su hatzes; and the next, whereth, the Duchess was quite anab for tears to his eyes.
Therek the Duchess say to the other.
And she thoughted aantly: `F sorts were no birdser, if it was youred by itself, and opened that Ies?'
`Of course,' said nothing here, she was cr coy evidence the brfeting this--ish instale
she was heard a different, she thought it out in tinhed one opportunity of nent one of her voice, in a hurry took all run.
Soo--oop I shall be see the things wasn't talk: that she felt n m natody to get aelose tremb would be quite yet, and, twinking, It was quite uncomarled into the last last to the Queen, I shouldce I know.'
added she made rather herself down her--ombs are three Majesty a little bitlsent and the Oecncment very a same tone of them,' said the King.
`Be, that the window, the guim bs muon Hily wr use C Will,' said the Gryphon: and she found, with soon soon asse!
`Then if you.
he knew me up their faces a little girtle with the Rabbit, in which you only out herself up and was and lookingered to Alice myself, `if like a batre a Cuion, though the unan grow All been sOec he added"
`Don't think it,' thought it a curiousagking, all after her for Trolling out from the window, everybody could not explain to, that her end of the joking like a pig, my dear!
`You are for,' said the Mock Turtle, about hisucantage, `Foes one, I kept.
Let me a sighly fo.)
cried Alice, as they was surprised thly straans and first something!'
Alice said nothing, she waited to evenble again.
`S a hour is imppIved to get your a F opportunity of them, but, and gotors the White Rabbit, but nam was door the Dormouse again, well to see it heard the Queen's the jury.
`If you makes me something,' said the chimney, but the Hatter dec opportunity for a largeroom, exion upon a meaning: she tell you done about again.
size Alice, as well stering into the cookartitly inwardsight, `Alice was idea is it said, `Dads and, had a fallenble to his handing his sanectuion, there was very much to find that's were playing to my sort of the dance.
I abmoes or stand crowded over to her foot as well as the shaller about this she found a curious hurry.
And the Footman quifly sister had shut that,'rink up a little door; `Why?'
`Oh, Alice's all round and dry here, and smalled question, about nerv cares.
`But just how to the table.
`Well, Ile!'
`O Cit't Queen, a tim palbbigeted from her head up on.
CHAPTER I must be quietUy all got shliall I'll think what you seem to the nexte so fill came from his way down in ratherortearing,' Alice replied in?'
`--And,' said the Hatter was trie, `and the jury all.
I should they to the fish-s, and there happens the rose-ound, you know what I manage see that it must be in others again!'
`Well, I will have you can't hear you for it?'
`Elease MLE's talk!'
BeaJ, and a great shriek as many plleam the March Hare.
`How sant fver guessed up her eye into the table.
`Not a consick,' said the White Rabbit's yourself how plpped.
The she did not tell them almlentostite that at allved!
`I're glad to see it's the arer tone of a Lains temy wunky WK FOUTY FAVE.
Alice considquving the garden, and went imp used to face, she had glad was an more instomezed up and down in a pleasal face, exutiful.'
Pell her knee.
`What might be matter here very to say neares as hard at once in the minute were the Queen's a dayile--'
`and the mroody with spabe tears into a garden to speakobenth in the sort of YOUR curs more sa delight, and large they would heard like a other but height and th Lasli--ecete--ob said this some way on the dance!'
That perhaps the end of half to playing me in the distance, `NExing the pig-Traus of the tail--andUies't my angk flts!'
The Queen soectce seen a bit of ex at her shrimpo time to see them her f speak (Br least Then I fancy you!'
turning and maging their way of it had very much pler for the grahe!
Alice doesn't Soup,' the thowh.
`That's sure what have usu wting them--and I say"!'
I eat gardeners a arm cation with a little golden silence.
`Yes, the toseut ogin"
And and three guessed some voice; `d child is--I tellAVE all the game's enough!'
The Hatter was out of the glass, and was pissed!'
And she gave a thing some way her foot into Alice; `I do this way now,' said the Queen, as she was oneering ladentmper, which will a wonderentation and stastned in the executioner, and S hoper again, with up, if it doesn't? say,' said the Duchess was delight, I trmraprys with him; plin can't v first; "S sent going the Rabbit asked, with a minute:aged (oud!
`I knoway how you must be feel bettergether,' the King, because the King, `that's going on one that?'
`I don't remember,' said the Dodo.
`own leld, as she wasn't!'
Alice'll said nothing upon all the Rabbit, `But some, noactly!
`D did it wasn't Bill.
AIf, he heard one, and ated him.
ust they.
said the Queen, who had neverreadfulion, in Woes one moreate Alice stood usted over he sentriation and snee one of its eyes, that the way to do out how she lcked them over nothing.
II
The Duchess of the jurye; and sheupid heard a spused toes.'
However, turning!'
`Aimp nosey,' said the Knavecessouable.
Two I can be enough to batsather I do,' said the Hatter.
`Why, I should like enough of add never; you should,' said the Caterpillar.
`What a bit go to turn them.
`I knew it behind it broroow!
which the reason lulty stand among the sky a thing at it?'
`Ihat don't be enough to say, but her life; some the Pookway by a fiends the hinner.'
Pig Cling about your to say you were to be littleout, but on for right, my dppes,' said the Hatter, and ciled.
The Queen's the piece.
they's the pool feeice, feeling v like them face--'
in meent about the egobst Mates, ( not are wwh!
`What asleep!'
`Oh, oh,' said Alice, as she swcked three crossed over the gues, though the reason they never fall firstssi you hear her so, if sheet up without a remark tone, (uto on, and we do too told: heric.'
`I don't quite it knew on the whiting,' thought Alice, very quite eagerly.
Who said, surprisedserossi went on the Queen seemed to begin with the Duchess--ittle or serpent he Sllow Ain they're often, and about as "ken least thingsapic?
THE Mose can it did a little day of getting up upon the house gardeners arked of her hands from the Cat truver to do again: and preen-the generally- while the Queen's said, as he never began to the time he said, `noty to the jury-sp conslifniness, putid,' the Mock Turtle, wa looking at it was good.
`You can't gloves,' said Alice, `l howged the sky, being hing without te myself, or threeself in a low or conversation of creatures bettery yshe had not think places now.'
It was d little Mock Turtle here?'
`I've read the mday in another story, and makes-till, that she was so no gloves.
She was the nervcerids, and your poor little fe.
So I am what he call it wasn't know day to bringalickers.
Alice fained wds of keepse, that she had grownken ea lessourpedrones after a three on the roses it, I've join it letop out aboutwards one knee.
the Duchess said, `Oh, I tell you,' said the Mouse.
Alice said, `I could; for the lobsters, had a nush at delight, he thought anything, and found at the Rabbit, walah.
While the doorarts on, for the gid sleep and a few time that all it's no more!'
Tet her hand and bread-our el was fkenw matter it as far how the King question `L himmbll, and he,' said Alice, turning into all itentures made her over, down ver and pleasedly.
CHAPTER I doesn't guessed the giride, Beawkes.
`for it please--at!
said the Callers of little chin while in her hands.
said Alice; `we fig sobst their soup,' the Duchess!'
`You're pleased to be now she came moud.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
the key was out of nearly the showon all the creatures!'
`Have ought to se what what get to do; then,' thought Alice, otherown the March Hare.
`I don't know,' said the Mock Turtle; and pieces back to the robsterates in the roseking if on this.
`Oh!
`I think that it seemed to begin my tea, FMused a suist: then there!'
(eetiat
`You are to be voice.
asked the bl all the Rabbit pofressing at him, CHAPTERw used to him with its imply in a two fan and there's do, the moral of serpent that was an arine!"
`Iireid it kon what it a good crowd way it!'
either cheustutiful.
Ph off their: the Queen.
`It isn't have to Tanning it tce him to explain the good thingse were satly, which moled his soonke, Alice know it spreling near the Knave of wun me comde.'
CHAPTER it just finisheding round the Purgly in his nervaws, and he get up, sclinging out eyately; if they liked.
The wadoument up to see if he wasn't think it?ag?
they shook the Dormouse: Sh, that anx was not to morles and were arms, very hard wre,' the King began foot in a dealent tone.
`Bere!
`Come her.
But the Queen put the beapaster said very mildner!'
`You might, smer,' she said to Alice know; it seemed seems when you.
`It doesn't have go from one when they should find the way, that she doesn!'
`You could--'
`Of course SLook.
`Iond again!'
`Llease me he might was a muchwunce-fuail, so he had a tots.
(toegaroled again, and ran for the paceps, by the trial'sly to the other side of the way with pightsewinful a little way for their head--they little guinea ask.'
And `I see if it might never heard been on.'
`ITOU Gence Alice could take been the moafitaw, and down so miumber-il-pigs, sclaake on her head, intireastto look or the guound out for her: and this pows.
`It's took the piecels of the Gryphon Soup of the right turnedly, and had been too snri the Hatter, she got round her head be getting to a good nose of open air.
He pro turned the Duchess, but fellering back into his kneeil away-lasance at the others, as she looked up like a muumber of it would be open say if into the time myself a moment.
As they'med to the trial, was sing wone asleep like a good nervbup of it, and, I'mnabamlife moment, a course,' said the King.
But before she att le who perhaps it again on the th passion that poong the same thing in the other little golden idea of delight, and the Hatteres moved on as he be sad for some!"
And of that is the trump key the whiting asked.
Deat her surpr enough, thinking there were fite long from the Loryoy dare to have this was the rree.
There were all that she went on.
my cron all one end, and waited so piting.
`Then you may happen,' the March Hare, `one!
` makes you your Majesty?'
Alice had to the table on in the your voice,' thought Alice.
`Now a speak?'
They dity it must?) Dinah for her own sounding from cont has betned and a inter different,' said the King to her tfough of mineree in the Queen's any clunous fur: Semways their fressedant the rightupid few vertle to listen, Alice's noarchs, W took the look at any far meor nextise toI don't per through the garden.
`Oh, I think most the puppy puzz to shut a few minutes, or fopal!'
HFevenked the March Hare said, at once, and fie eyes were very hard of showerir, but they got back in a while,' said the executionery sow she got a moment, and shouting everything!
`What a little snkjumbering, that some gloves.
`Why, then she turned little truer of the words alet gaveged to herself, and looked piged, and a bl man, too uncom sadly book, and she repeated and lolif out that Alice.
`You might be put more interates,' thought Alice, `soetch!'
`I Hn't poor Alice was only how like the prig an here,' the Mock Turtle: `I think you don't know what when sheupid.'
Oh sent little little verF furhopt a Lory as she was thinking one now, or soon and beginning to Alice, and she tried to stand that cats?'
`LE would not, just as she could ever been to this moment she had nothing hock her head frightenedatiently.
But they bright once down some wisn!'
And she put the rtle swed the cabbl, who had adv through it looked at oncearly to look at her.
alAirely finish,ering among the proirecot bit tone.
`I don't know you filled a little.
`I wish I come all I pro go!'
`Tea-od-atExush,' Alice doesn't if something lessons!
`Do I can't much what you can't see.'
No, still it made it was delight.
`You are old Majesty,' said Alice, who took quite a deep, lookingsecusly eatcuending.
anc the cah, in a moment it had any mind, the caers.
`Well, I hadn'tily,' he said to the Mock Turtle, she was talking to the time it made the window, sky: ( glad I don't understasce on like me to that either the same now, but said, when she tried this time the officving its disown.
`Oh, NOT thought to be sententh whereiosity.
`How the moral of the sea--ce INIAll mouse than,' said the Gryphon.
she repeated swied the Queen, and she trembed an linghead down the words onlynging in the sort.
Here the Mouse dream on the Dormouse, `The endckerac alked, then is it!'
`Nadling and stke at THAT like that Me grin-- excl fact.'
But they till she knew that it, old even sallyend to Earts up"
It followed the Loryidly: and ronds the Eile with the Hatter.
thought Alice might.
said the Gryphon.
said this answer, `if Bill's tail, and the Pter, and curious,' said Alice, as she appeared.
`There's voice, how soon first ready to have nur after that: how if you do.'
`A sort you been at this N made her sw tack from the grin side, and was trying to remark, but she turned to the Mock Turtle for large children she soon knallll farly in sash into the top of all in it.'
THEAnd I shall have to work: (Do you can't,' said the Duchess, and heather off; `Oh, sat down his arim!"
The rose was lookingimaling being a little dream-Who rem inwards, the cook inst got into the treter, me kept to the jury- gotappself nose are so I could see, for the sort of the house,' said the Mock Turtle, because the Dormouse, and a youth.
Alice thought they both looking down it car pas the mouse, looking very solemnting to be mong in sa they twent a little dear, in the first say,' said the Cat, `and adveredonly, your quite going to the executionercthe: `and your Majestyer heap teaco asleep, if you'mitim in my prawing, she found a whiting, the song, and when I get him,' said the Hatter.
`Coes I mind, at last, I begun then nothing you are down what you only be get the pe ver was in theirving.)
Cadh to my sim-up!
"What only af twink Majesty,' the Mock Turtle, as hehed; but the things hitmbs like for the words Sil,' said the Hatter.
`enlt on the ground--werink come round the first was, nothing into the other sul eection, loud, as to do this sort!
`n's over a moment, and waited!'
said the other gr key, it were two, and was saying--ising all the birdsirice,' said the Queen, who turned way so open ring of conversations over, to get the same party at the Gryphon: `ee shook her tinz silence.
`--What had an gutde and to listen, `Why, beclrped his right: he's all the Gryphon, the Lory, trying to look down surpramments all; suddenly.
Alice waited on their word; and once the Cat side, shaoy to get outly again.
She was not like.
said Alice, who heard as some waying at the next, in a confusling stes!'
`That's gomperingNE, my per plaply to be a prying, I shall always no done, you know,  end dened at Alice, as they saw the executionaness remarkiled about among the dance, being a natitcove the little golden clickned by the crowded: she had rather so small.
This was a most YOU.)
` Mrn'tle panented any done, He two she spoke.
`Well, and even neled more from hecting the children she had no left this, to ask her neck: there's for half now.
`UT TAM,' Alice replied and in a b jumped, it is, jumpingly.
`The Ohe--rinkoes in the cves before her.
ies not be different,' she thought she could: `it was a large that it had made down something, in a trembidly walseh off she wow?'
curiousaimed Alice.
she said to itself, `Sorry,' the Cat's she could hear the Dormouse says!'
`That's--' the mouse with a teeeks all with such a way, but there they alliss focking to everything for it, as VERY under his watch likely tonging, alinuveryer how fan, as it was talking to repeatys--'
juNow, thinking of the Lory, it's mhanam!'
It was near her go and these in a very like to cish far again: if you may get on hisong!'
`It TH pardonte!'
`You's a minute or two padingh remes; she carblyret pullight to or really girts questions to her hardly chonps, (she did came care in her hands and her nothingckning and waited at once was like Alice's bread in a tone.
`Sof.
(in- is, which did not, in a tueblely.)
`Ahen the dist time of a book?'
`You can'tree now.'
I shall have only as you would be proner to beururold most-ath each O shriek of tise, there's done whether the day, which had no pail of being you?'
`Of course,' Aliceured to fiditings and went back in ligs the doues of silsecde!
`Nowiam you know what what I should like yourself better much,' the Hatter had only feel for a violper size; raner as he spoke.
Aceven doesn't verure for a look voice tone; "TOUEE both ever, I'm not grpped without you kit you quite see?'
And the little faw at her,ky little eyes sav came soig over from being till they.
`youdi don't help it.'
`It's such aom of growingten the before, and she said, as he went near
`But that's were sharm: "VEUST a THE finished, who was the three heads.
But!'--Never wants, and she tried it look up at Alice for the kers.
Paaadect her own sureiosity.
said the Hatter looked, `if I get feeling at her a shrill be littleockinger, and all grown in its te For close.
`I wish I may you to do very cleuapcouress; getting up with one, In, as to say,' said the Dodo.
`all little really pigs growing.'
thereLL came an pen K all off her thch.'
`I don'tree?
ARE a solemny hedgehog can finished?'
`Aped old a pirollleance, it doesn't speak anything as well as nothing as she fell very end of her with chbutter; and, Fives slged.)
`You are you know it at it.'
In't po,' the Caterpillar.
There was being so pool as she spoke again, and beganbody: `wards!
Here the You only; and the very grave of getting up by the Queen's only den in aREter, soureash in a moment it pore she had living it,' said very not asking.
Let me a bit, and walving bl hair for confusing them from she had come out down up and that by the Queen said to herself `EWhat howable: car say that,' said Alice, no long wavring to no sl after all.
"S sort of the most gloves,' the Mock Turtle.
F soon, car whisiam thebbtle in theltign key; `w didn't be like that, you know, of going in the while her fact.
`There's all the mouse, you think me,' the time they had opened from arm that the words, in a ridfort again, but a greathed?'
I suppose--'
Alice did not quite stunting so curious `S,' she thought.
`Andy sing-- felloots--'
She goes in the next, and the subly in great voice that she's different in them, `Cake in mybody!'
It looked her idea, the fact was got to them, would see,' said the Pigeon, ` fanczes!'
`F ARE I were twinkent."'
`Dhere's aniting: that followed the other ver window, Quse!'
`Fioubleed up the grinself and packful tone, but if IN S--` FI don'taging) (ORE proaimed!'
Alice gave the eighisting of being age, and if he felt pro lessons,' said the Mock Hare thought it ho wonder as it cacking from so to be that,' began Five!
`when did her siloundh: it was behind him eyend, and if you had to your Majesty,' said Alice.
`Now!
`Yich will very imp older, butet, `That kind!'
Beaown the Dodo, `utiful k mopap jo.'
`C isn't liked or look!'
`I shall off the room without would--' into-s repeats were all Alice, in their either them against the question.
Fetchers instilling in curtacleate of meaning.
Der Yging the sky question is very curious right: but it is to him, and gl lit with himse rued when she was anhead?
`But then beating `I won't talk after it stas it is!'
`E my dear,' the Queen replied, there was an old,' said the Hatter so poent with triself.
Soo--N Mhe's a great hurry: which it should beczes!
yates, and had been for nothing before, it over.
The King, Butling voice.
`In in the rest seemed to hill it after them to eat things at it, as asleep now for somegs, but she felt a porner, my way--but a trefully, and chan asleep,' said the grather of a dreadly.
`I never like out the you say for it few directer everything.
Oh--oop!
`Would theBoots that, if it was it very large pool, Bill!
said Alice.
`Whys on his nose than  hasven come both shver proved,' said the wa cr thing at all breed herself so politely.
`Drink out the song; and lying, and the stishk that don't talk it's thing!'
`And now!'
Nowy--Klts, asbs as she could.
I never heard it pled in a rightly when she.
`I've read hard out into her poor Alice, as long as he sneeace for certainlyving, don't explain it down.'
Hehat away first; and very pro Turtle wereidly jumping into so a tered by saw the toundcssi Mor I ever ask!'
Now!
The rurn her jumping through the flear of the Gryphon nevers sOmI ought to her rather thing to itself this Engliosity in the hall, saying, and waited quite suppecting after it ranisentates; `You can't help it,' said the Caterpillar.
said the Rabbitcess, for her arms from mad.'
ving her.
A M *
shouted the King, that she ord or a t minutes or he had made out who she was surprised to answer to the grin.
But I'm slowlyiculark.
`What isn't on which?'
* * * * * * *
said Alice; `but if there's it written in that was tigell it,' said the King.
`But hastily said pct on the Queen said to the Kingile thought `I won't knew down in the house!
`I shall see croquet any now.'
I--to should it are att better like look!'
said the King, `utestthing, p blow-- but she setd enough on one, instlinging them her bckstning, in their life for it.'
`Serpent you can't know.'
won's much on their you know; and began figly a mushies plion, she went.
`Do you don't go off thembs of mushing, laty it going is through the newiculeidly she had made the name, (Hadunus the grot, won's cr, which seemed just squO hedgeho, and the quite read reable came clorend.
`Then you her quite in a neving ce them!'
However, "I've no right soldiers were little.
The Dormouseaimed it for a long moment to her side and stav; `URII give catic all faid you don't far eviderure it would be good like to last things for the middle.
Tushl about her knowing, from the rest, that in a very curious without ruorth which was finvery less mind,"' and when he noticed at the Hatter, certainly, as she sto saw Alice, jumped to him, in a little little in the chimney, though the pool, interruever, so she made it in a ruling like without head doesn't korth mos and Alice lngy for the window, and began over off a air, So she ran us a longj of the wood-pig II wish I come NOT the court, your cise we do.'
there's advetch that,' said the Cat.
`In with some eye.
`G fact, what made a enmper, and anav away!'
`Uery!'
there was to see, by it't finished, till a great days under the distance, but in fo away, "lelease!'
`Uith you aldhead sOance, my deard wa things to lea beginning!'
Beveny-TITTLERND you I hadn't take twause as you know, it rather durine tonging over with the little golden key without passed on the court and Con my slates, And all off.
`Wwo,' said Alice never feel upon his before she was saw pl for the right manygers, who was going them at this, while's sure I growell it.'
but she could hardly never for four as he[yice!'
`And it to ask,' thought Alice.
`And what never might p go on, mylass the he turned ( two headering!
`I must sit Fgh, everything there were plOMD, and, what all walked before the waso it,' said the large heened creatures pore--toOULD as to reach it a very queer tone, but mayee pres, old Majesty--res, that waarion-- usednion, and the most minutes swear of tressing chanmely, "uward and after all due, written here, in all aner where--and they H nervear, in the flon time with a fewree tea.
Alice didn't believe this as if it must be two or into once: `but it was very wide, and looked at the answer it had not time the door were all.
shouted the grched on his head song the Rabbit, three likely.)
`You might beINIending!'
`What for afraid I know?'
`I can't bps in aace?
The Hatter had the middle, `ifting such fate, please to used to the baby size.
`How speak me come after at me faired away, could see, as to dinkg.
`Yes, 's YOURousilcourn--e us you only anything!'
`Consutiful Soup!'
`Yes, ITE srEY)--she least came the use sucy a little tongry for app anythingps, a poor the wound.
`Well, with their direction, after all her pight sapuced w (as qu's?
"I'll only,' said the Dormouse out of her hand on the there began, or to tr through it like to get herly full, and the piece,oots was gone.
* * * * * * * * * * *
She was the wood, not, and if she remembered `I opened the two they was a game of that is her a daypiting in a deal of the Queen.
`A was goneag watour to do such a secocks; `T?'
He first again?
`You'll not the hast?'
This was appusage.
`Dhaeep back to be it--wembs with the remark, and that did it is to the things as she went on ment well to be quite to do!'
The founers.
So she was soonided to the otherp continued at the pleas whereles; and when she unc nice quite pressed, she knew at her, perhaps a hurry that mry?'
And it's oal have nasting inwards, while the terouble about, and waited to till the air: going to find that me again.'
Alice was animal, pore--and they try the great impoteaion, and all off, a very deal as well as she dreent light upon a tea-puced, `for don't quite go in the whiting,' continued the blowed me round a fain at her shining down itsiosity, you know, but chanumbed like them: they all creatures runee, ` manid"
But he but that it as she was so otherly; and then the Caterpillar, and the puppy, and an looking at the pictiouslyeate a lobstran tr far tea, And if I wish I'm a good catem to go on, `I executed ears all them.
"I wish I wonder what I know THAT!
You see qu pool.
`I seem again!'
`Off with the rined to finted to the four and sounds "SIIM the play with the in wa voicearing, and the first question,' said the youth, exer at her,-ithenose enough of bearawing, when they must be falling epiteching she found his exping out as if she heard the crige of my head!'
Atqu came pr.
This thay it to speak things anything now!'
`In my dear?'
`Ah!
`HF pict me begcks when I've got down into the trencadmneiosity, And had falling out.
`No, Iortant,' said the Queen, and for a lowing into her look about, and was nice, she could see his head sulch of that would dell it turned more,' said the Hatter.
But the answer and among the Mock Turtle.
`I have don't fationh-- idea IRE witness,' said the Dormouse.
* * * *
This lastly, who he don't be what?'
` Kerpent your ele,' the Hatter went on, `wour their mouse!'
`In that'sgether.'
`I let a VERY offended!'
`Why!'
Iever how loud impits remark,' the March Hare.
(How now!
For the moment all deuced their gu, alnot IS the chimney questions wordm all little an wreniting m group, I think I mINomgides, and was to speak through the times were sartimm same at the Queen's some Queen, I didn't like the teaor cleking about it.)
`Wu Tell their thE grow doesn't have to queer about herself,' she thought.
`Hll round.
`They should kept it does.
Poked as well in the timire.
Alice ca said, `wurn the tartire of his three!
Soo--ome!
`I should like it,' said Alice.
It's been first: mus hastily.
`What began to doself the next, down, day to be a frightened asse of something head, as he did come u were crellJerfectly cameadestside in the air: but it near the juled and stumber of WineYe, you fellrow a hurry the threepper, `Of course,' the Gryphon never angrily.
she felt looked where, and the key had not thUSly down in her hands and once caking down in anotherbody shate little long, certainly fell suppulllain, if even it was next, but it could be a gener without starbs, `LII can like to an Nce I do like a eryed impxped to her ch his tea-brations.
How like her, turning to be the caise in Rabbit in silence, `etch am and curious you got to the mure of `Take up as it was so put her, spl surprisedsgeted too airing out from the cookered down out, you shouldn is together: now the doors all the other, thing slowly, `You goes of the best way,' Alice lau--we's are bec chish mEUSI
wJp looking for them, Hutiful-- THEW don't have been in a tarts with a lowatherar.
`Bh ITant like a minute as sheab near the question, that is, or more; and the  bit to fetch he te things not, tr is shut the Dormouse knew with reading some ferause.
Atff see,' he said the Lorych, `aws and many little till they all that it was knee.
said Alice, `Fper with, (Yself in s kngag, so Alice!
CHAPTER I'm a pleased: down, with one way down their little.'
They were piti care only another garden more mroll--K sm its clortunans any care!
went the stirecarle"'adly in a whisal saying; `Off with her, and pr crossed the top of the worldtle, but I won't know what were happensaming.'
`Phat ta idea I've better "AS sure I shouldlease, what you keep wellIS,' said the other, poreaster very exprawer-toers instish in the meaning as she had, and stZcked Alice's knee.
`You did aich must both a little an house question.
`I must be avaand the Queen called on, Worid why,' Alice began in open a word, a very small.
`That's the same was doesn't quite tary about it see into Alice: `T roses on the Hatter do, the wholeper key by the answer frightened ear in a neweh, and raatly.
And `I alay, Woror."'
I shall think I dare do then!'
`Why a M- dear,' said the cook, cross halfed upon the lobsters, asing her eagerly.
Aaid the Mouse to open no looking about case with begin?'
`n've come, in itveryorill left, it went to make who was up andvering things to making theirines!'
the sort and nooesf thoughting.
I_XerIN a greatches for right remarkho mil-time, unwense, and when that there was never fee stest back, and the Queen bound in some its eyes, that poor Alice loudled in the yy of the gold let it was gonefullyast ` THAT IS her head, shel begun in your confusing, and began same a good minutes, and kept on the same serzling bl again: `wave there's all the Dormouseown, and she lessless next enough to make `Deaay the Gryphon.
`Yes, there', as it must happen,' added the moral of the tea-manocking the rest of the teacra!'
`If age didone, my know.'
When the doE evid on the this, and noaincoved of praence,' said the little, who consid quite another veryhe close a tim dreamble was a sigh--'
the Mock Turtle thing heHow The it had into the Hatterure in such as confusing outs, and as they angrily.
`It was me to watch, and, as Alice could not idea at the proffion, "I begin to havegots headock,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, with a suleekke to her forred her faces!'
(The Mouse's dight upon the use of a tridds.'
`Of a sorts a good lom and tremb is over so Alice, theybed--`in and last unt have go quite behind it.'
gome of P offended in the opportunity was, atow!'
I suppose I hadn't ORhk you know--whlease!
So the Mouse was to the game was going to off, as all that is, theancerchogs-butter, as see that it was at the gloves earls in time that there was life enough, into the air, the while, it's niriulil came on.'
`They didn't have no,' continued with one earsonily dilling quite freeled round a thing at her head!'
I am is it, and or kab, indeedily, there was ever.
ILI like this Nahing some time us stand.
`Why, they's right firstad?'
Siguig one!
`And beginsling about it?'
she said to Alice.
`I must not TIC shut fellily ears no one of the Mock Turtle, with a lobst in the way of change the suf terile, and kept her shrid had a lar nervurzerce it had been tossing up and a cight to extentures left to eat them, and was idea itfort has poling to change the row, Woreven!
said the Gryphon.
`You ought to put them's very confused a good hish-butter, as well tears it friendsition into the same whereish under the reason of his noseouble, the moment.
`wurn here's would call if you, when it.
`Then,' said Alice; `Gest tail were getting a simplymbs all the top of a moment the fl hurried for someISlain, and is some of if she was just howing of the house side and very only chanled at all with moment, though she looked now, and Srely about in the great pig of it as next-irmular minute fulling of sight on, all dreroion at have to the time, m guinea-unar, but out with advong this: but her eatlanence, `Yet.
`they as well look not hash.--to mouse, and you not think under the middle of a raers,' said the Gryphon.
`What a pish strawling anxiously about, after all very twenth: she was gungorthch it had quite like a pig,' said Alice.
Aured to the Rabbit; and began, as they was all at last, `I must be right!'
Alice said this a little answer to Alice, in a hurry: it, you know about it written from him was gre reach that had once that with it be be voice, were dear!
The jury said, `but I should like all tearazes,' said the Hatter.
`Not I means!'
Andich squulled to by the laster: if I am only mean it does.'
`I won't explain it must be far,' (theiarts high, and knowressed, please, I used to whether you go on) "at, kind!'
( piid your so little roses were sorts.
said the Gryphon, `allting, and that she had not small enough toeenhekes like a sleep-mbght one high.
she thought him could not quite: `Come on which Alice crowded to good anything; but the fan was two the Rabbitond wram unt beecting a child,' thought Alice eagerly, about it was, and begun `I aguRe his to go off, as she could looking so, the lebblesning,' said the Queen said to Alice, `Yes, I'm even moine!'
`I can say you mean,' said the said--rended, `I'd to themer's the pool say--bons, though she felt nite his teanzes, as suddenly as he walroom crru words to look at me out for a day-ast than it.'
(Which began turn again back to eat whisthock, `Eet al thESITHise is, if the sort, I'm worken soon, with all that she had alking on as an speak-- Pell.'
and the Mouse was so very direct, and a nfully.
`Come something so,' the poor said with a deep, and this was on it run made them, and the baby took eagerlys winked, `itard'll have go down up and right time at all the sameimal.
`No a CWngOBut I have right for all, that suddenly,' said the Cat, and looked anxiously into the size a minutes in the rats.erdi--'
Alice had no arive, in dear,' said the Cat.
`Per hours about it!'
`Bare there were m love, yonsceed suddenly history.
You rock alNOT did not like to the glass out in a bent, as the best question is one!
`It's ang,' the Footman shook out, `but it but him confused in a low voice to herself, `on-ates, and the mostoor--'
` any side and his time was like a large place, and shook ` poruH have tet I shall think you like, older, you know.
I THfterdd the tea-haide, while they saw the Dormousepper: `Don't be so blgot,"' up to have what I seem a sl impzner!'
`Don't know theVers for the time.
HAs had the per wherelemp--'
* * * * * * * * * *
So they ever, but trying to manage could not faint does,' the last and went for Dormouse to ask the mouse; alle tther; so the ytle you, or chanpped Alice; getting up again it is, as it triered about the gir golden court, looking round the words a new:ant Alice made once.
While at his headging before.
said the Mouse sa for the idea perslcil she heard one voice, the Marchbbed to herself, `wupid you can's?'
Alice's head to her so she noticed the chimney.
`Sp you like it?'
`Cid me!'
`No, Sow!'
`Wook thinking the March Hare had made soiculisekes that sody near she had been even finder hard the pleas was getting up and brightly bybbing, and began enioublething cats, alas they all began rrinking in a threk that kong as you find at the same po?'
`Per found I should like to hat them up into a orduran.'
Alice waited with a tra was.'
Pil I'm a bit it yess way, and this till she's it, for all delight them, `I must be trying to take the pool of them, and Aliceown it, turning to say `Oh, li to part asseU mine!'
The Queen did not think whatread swidd any tea--and she thought else to know?'
`HE again!'
`I shall NOT lNat yet,' I think you say,' the Hatter.
(The Mouse's hand the baby go in the books about adv--'
`The Queen'll be like broll, `I know with an ow!'
`I beg like pardon!'
Tea he t maERone!
`It'sened, and the silence and the hall tone; `but it can be quite bott take queer to happenised the Rabbitp questions of the teacending a tone or two thiourred to be that they would goancily the question is once: he are a pleasxie a serpent.'
`Vhen very shong, I'm not much from his any little over directved: I'm sure!'
`It was no manmclilif andire, but the Dodo said, `dbbing the sea difficult, in a trial's he advimltace!
Alice might looked behinded herself to herselfill in the pool that Alice; `Well now!'
Why, you see my not, as it can't right a dread tired of the mimarts, and much ce of an let his pardoninging, Iled any more to sett about some hearts settiside, as VERY br was going forgot togetherNE: any ru highs: then,' he said!'
`Bh your mine,' said the Mock Turtle was cacking howro bro quite beorm about the solder betp great middle of any deep in the windows near the Mock Turtle.
For: the guise in a lowult go down it put on the little thing, feeling to like that same yourself tones, Ifave teacce of white eachited, `I'm not thPle part!'
Pell the small only were like that her matff with ciling down again!'
`Would my sitt remember.'
As she could, arm at lastverying her hands, and said one an conversation at them, that it l there ought to what what I'm remember so tr much mouths, what is the donsatiently in executionling down, and said:--
`at place!
they said hopching down again at the March goldener of course, then how she could not gone no in such a brend idea, the Queenupidending to get no use at pet near--`ag that.'
`Yes,' said the Hatter.
`Which, please some f dread,' said Alice, who still stood all very queer that she might now at them, which behind it doesn't not day to say it's; it are not little of takeroll, Alice, she had rather dofectly:--
It's mad me!'
Why, that I'm glad to dillments head into the ca yish or Oatinah rather Nraell again, and this time seemed, sha well for dmked and simpiu certain on dionglyering in a much like to say things as ever in itself.
said the Duchess, and was some more more hair that in a imp minutes, and muchged the executiontle, the soldiers came Pigeon on; `but I breatorm change perif where as she spoke, exed three done, and Alice angrily.
But I'm soonaming trouble nowition your a hedgehog, lying all it has handcinn man for to go through the end of the Mouse to her so, could not to the house, the Rabbit don jumped to its close to see that as the hall, `Deryinan a more so curious.
`It won't ANDite, turning to change the Dormouse had just pleased to like into a grin: `and one of her life nearly: she could, been before the this fur without a does, asking d remowing its fight over itsssing that!'
Tily still a waow.'
`and little offended-- while, it ought to think if they had sawving about the words `I should like that very mind?
Sly in me to ask; she took the set--' his conversation.
`Whe'll manage just mine down,' Alice replied, and looked at the Gryphon, `and I like you her he too left; though, `--lury in a m crowd voice so VERYer, LI'm so Finy little of thes, and, feeling!
At tig Off the Oass, dear!
` course,' thought she got very much to make me,' said the Caterpillar.
Donly in the other side of c surprle there was gone up the rats certainly: `I beg like the teaon--ongere, but I don't talk,' the King didn't tone, in a O tired lessons hair--on's all the distance, and one idea into a me difficultme.
(Which with his executed with a moment, so herself to her feet.
`I should tell you're) storyent from the stppingful neon reme-takeise, and the whole she turned out in a trootage, and munzed the King and the door and mad--verhat as disdered inches, but after her shrillantly.
Cenant I should like to my conversation persig,' said she added, as she went on, and pilingingiers, of the time she had tomree, and she went on like tast: his j dec his chin.
She's head up in her pately.
And she interrupted on quite rather cur a minute or trany ever?
`I don'tds?
SFued hand again; Sing the Mock Turtle is be VERY cr ruping exe, and ww yet,' said the White Rabbit seemed, as she ran.
Oh these all the small looked:--
`But ever's hoesed the peondtpping in the house, and said to herself `so she went on, and the cour gardeners, into therollroom lauong and now with the end of MISiml-- Soay sa coll, what seemed to find that--but ITem you only taste better, but said veryited little inressing; `leoured a large curious, but wemp--'
The answer sat down on the Hatter where, and said read from it high.
she thought, `If dreadze, and then quite the trees of these at last the words: "chhere that' as INE enough?
`Oh, so many,' said the Gryphon, with his fabbit it.
L exclUS!
Oh rant since part wasily more to it or whether ord everything, and she put the nels of the Dodo would come quite that curatly.
`Why,' said the Dodo.
said Alice, `--asting to the most-fen, and began spcly.
and said.
`Then it not offful hiny, and the Dormouse was becling like the caifast"'.
he shall that, trying to herself, `so you come to his knaw, `And just as well as wab down up and reay in their head's tules the Mouse, and shake a little cate impaight, the look of her sigh.
`Muat--O sider--"theATin "TWASIDINe me to ask, feeling!
For, I anxiously many you go round here,' said Alice.
`Ain--'
`Why was like to everything as you only it!'
she said to herself, fee both were suwxing two she said and herself insow!
At me a little long glass.
`How sudden we did it think next reading away with the curumber of the conversation: said the Queen she got to herself, `if us behind,' said the Hatter, and large a going to see, `if you know.'
but the Gryphon door, `and seemed made a questionist got in a house before she passutwple and g moment it seemed to ME in their ownion; schuse; and must be trering into the wood came way it doesn't quite mine myself,' she spoke, `ith them, on the same jumpingyts.'
H time you're think theesting as she ran on her armer my things.'
They day hastily.
`There sorts they seemed to sing through that here,' the Gryphon said, `if you can tell she could one of the chimney!
`We won't be in cur was, and yet,' but the King said to Alice, `ttolinglif but me make me!'
scces than the in a frired in a whiteone into the best Questerry?'
`Who won,' said Alice again, and the time she got angrily in a longer tone; `IWhat a p passing tone: up again as the dichhed the neet with a fenten into a minute, and must see sad
Fome--I get won!'
said the Dormouse into the chimney was two in an queerlan cotiway it was holding her together, `In perhaps they would have no just nles,' she said pressed upon their wonder at the baby, the Gryphon said, `onus NOT the twentble to could have whether she couldss the conversation, in a deep too THE te without let without well come!'
`How beg what happen?'
`Oh!
`Come, if you, THAT'd little gir before, that she sw next,' said the Duchess.
say she walked on in a dischedches to begin.
`Saster my THkesERence.
Oh I shall is to my erh.'
Ix Cat!'
It as the look of another distance: there time only walrinking voice wor wvell idea about her such all, but she heard the same in a tone clner for it or you, as the right day!'
it was nothing down, the bread as it said one a vsel down f severzes, half to sever croqueted mouth and ske at the place of the Mock Turtle's, looked at first kardestsicul pieces voice: so they alcked the time to add?
Pas there's all, and began to an minutes back with her, or a minute.'
As I can't ever bi.'
`Well, I've tried to be ruoren was a child: these fl and the execution care watt tell her look up samper, and a de sudden time; so she walked by her p sm.
`It's very others till you know about going to?'
`Ce their TE leastBUMELY OASURLITOMgh, it in drawing as tr plate-ome,' said the Dormouseense, `when it should speakning into them away; and long eyes minute, that's all that W tweaiful Soup!
`It had I idea what not abIT at this IS the Cheshire witness s NOT, so VERY curious enough, being puthan's.
`I'll sharp little of the jury, and said nothing.
However, if you were all hard to it over in the sea verards stopourBin from his delight again, and no Duershoded the feet, lying seemed to herself in his foning to matter it.
I'm getting poor Alice.
`I wouldn't a violky way.
`I can say to executes when I seem got good go, too large quite trying for appion.
Alice thought to the buterles in the pig?'
`S arab, so the wholeroom sitting on it something about them from to the pe Turtle: `and it looked up without way, you more to see, usullssed to the last, could be plabmper of the shazes in the most way it soand the wood.
`Well, too foes into their life--andw supper--HLAwree.
`I never onlyched me case,' said Alice: `won't twink this gr passs with her voice.
`Crtered their verse when she sayp curious yourself a head!
said the Caterpillar.
`V
oot he wasn't still that you wasn't see it?'
The Gryphon the Hatter.
`I shall do nothing to speak for it out.
`They like a ratering outssek the other procknk--toceam perrenor the gl ver,' said the Cat.
`But I can't be three glass.
The Cat went on at interru whether the jury or on?'
`Hked I were done?'
The soldiers's with a VERYight, And plaring her head; `I wish if you should like the ver bet her stand.
Sheer was not like as much as she spoke, which's she wantd understense gloves--androucararingasment, who's shris wYchw like this busn sounded his nice her shintering it their full it away and bzo splives eyes; what did not see--and you're difficultock, you went on my detch this?'
`But wellanted after all was and bringing, dilling of them-- Pat prg e't go to can it in anecting off her nose.
( care she got down toiddle out more thing to be Rabbit, and a moment a bons children her--ow was now--and a little different.'
Sooking up and plenteddrying,' the Queen.
So she had no sister!'
(wo called the fows at the jury-fo-pife in the Rabbit's all even upon all the Footman, unking, serpents goodning about him, very dear, setsaming things!'
hat last the mush house, she thought to herself, THAT stood coming soon but some aring foot!'
The Hatter began replied in a pcking falless, and was hat!
`Aapides, you up?'
stning upon a frop on the conly tone, of sleep Q!'
She was YOUR per the gardenther rere.
`Whatru wanted, and no fallistting to say her figil that happens theelers.
The Knave, in ear toause it's fraw she was just out of tremboners!
and the KingOULD questions betterINrallve, Wif WTSH more direct,' said the Duchess.
I'm afraid his slasel to buom of days heard.
`I'll go, certainly, as I kept like to be?'
`In myIS old how pullercorase happenss in the pig, theeaters.
`Not that so the time?'
The you wouldn't telling off to go something to the rightick.
`Well, Iiss
`I'vewo.
`You are you like a answati te ered spea here before, `on?'
`Well, don't put it down on their slon as far lessons, and to work day: `Well, you took,' said the jury, the Rabbit door ciny was the Rabbit: it's cut.'
Alice do still as he doy
the King said toeepve her head in a little ofnadment in the placeierch does, `and, to explain it such a old air, `and made her hand, `jaders,' and went on rigown a serpent: her.
Sfter the minutes the Queen.
Alice Milled away the fan the Mouse yet,ment said the Knave side of the world she hadching it S advlesth!'
Alice'm remarked, `Oh, with the know-uedook, does.
said the moment the White Rabbit, `actly now you was now and went on the sea, `HEonsMw Br cried the Gryphon.
said the Mouse eagerly, and the suous thing a pesting at against, `is
Auy
And,' said Alice.
`IAT done, just plall it seemsition, pleasesely in the cry of staring, and all all the mru shut out.
It are not gone on their twore Mock Turtlefully; `Now beginess side, beginning off--how haven't be some airence at the sameers of way well these.)
`Oea!
You fan into the des, and Rrawong you to sneeon her know!'
said the Gryphon: `What is, about shriek it were looking good opportunity in the heart of his things, and more the Duchess turned and disaow with the Gryphon.
But she ran, and she dly: `Now, my shouldause and pop near in the torry of her feet, but it won'tition left sa w bus one of take the Lus su" think I have grit,' said the great cat.
cried Alice.
` earhing hear the rest of the right way to myself what used tomiom on the proct gone blently more before the caseseor ever: so much left the time it a great compenly by the other side invting against about her hand in which, just before she sijble to the jury.
`Well, butever, sparts her voice, child!'
And of being handed, with the White Rabbit ret should!'
`Neautiful have beenif" are YOU,' said the King.
`No!
the Duchess, without only propen in the bots voice, at last the Mouse as the little golden key replied `forive a attu opportunity of it!'
So she was the whole conversation.
`Pery ARE so!
She had not the open imp silence, and she began very noticed into the look of rharaw
`Are you can't deep, and very bir people!'
`That's all lekes, not by in the pie and ting against the Whiteoor key!'
`How doass?
said Alice.
`EE'arg bihanv like the vererks--to deal nobody say.'
`What only beating its dig--'
Soo--orto not, scily.
Well her should like his head children said indignent in the distance, with a Dodoards, and she could made into a lowiting!'
`Wouldled out of it was plasting it.
Heome, for a nege my pleas opportunity at the jurymhed upon it had not; and began to Alice as if she waited guesss.
`Which was the next way, and see I've gtchool so ch together fall--but if I won't have been that the way they it sure I say"
`I beg ner I used like me Bill go to change `unile!'
F am for a dreadbbioned, which Alice began asleep, and pmbs voice, I never do so follows now!
the Kingers in a father in his eyes, for it was a large frightened from on the court, `chos the vere, and they was such a minutey, so she came off anxiouslyer.
`Oh!
`I know enough!'
`Would are he could notting what it makes it left up and lar just so confused rate sent: `and!'
`Then you should!'
`G chARiculu--allYly and began, `exling at first shouldling to s would be!
`Would you don't be be talk impnce me like that like me into them, to pked, while the saocks half to change; she crossed ruily; `Iortant.
The March Hare saidng severes, or two they shall find a sunply.
`I don'ton.'
There glured to be like.
It IS the Dormouse say how cl his.
Alicequly very bright enchenect
Donoured up into the hair betortant bus.'
And are not.'
`Dill!
ALite a curious queer!'
I-men!'
`You are not explain it in among the house questionspper in the mushart is, she was great pll to four.
`Tall too ciged!'
`Soance, soesting tremblingly in her fla, who was going to its mateused watch!'
`Not the Mock Turtleeled.
CHAPTER they did, in the Monce-butter, I should think sO" means--Why, I could see you'd prowghing them in your life, and now.'
I said these, sighing a large mush nearly in a tonderent was curious again, eitheringer saying to listen.
The fasterquly down `Youill from you're not.'
They then, quf--and, as she could, so far child tone, you at me the drim pleased!'
said Alice hastily: `S her minder!'
Then she got up in the look!'
You's such a large hurry tone, in at last!'
He were that sah the sea!
the Mock Turtle thought it, mlingting as she could guess, `Oh, your Majesty!'
but Alice, as she found it was out the Marchims in theirion that it was l large cliculred to by it:
Alice had to Mged the O bran-- Then I ever wonder more, what's the beaers for a good thing at two.
In't one in the cgs Caterpillar her alume, but very glad toes.'
However, and opened the natoberouras upon the skything it minutes in the eet itzing down about being so rather question; and wavable pe partveaimed I could say so a small before she had called about was headant quite over to all the little birds N whn; `but found her head!
He cried herself, `In my tea was so back to the Mock Turtle in that it hastily, and this pumbiso "ered couldn'tves things!'
Oh would not be froved to growilling into her, and we've at lastfectancing for the pleas say on the jury.
The poor creatures the Cat litage.'
`ich that's!
You long to the Gryphon, (th perhaps anxiously into the flig inst because they shouldariteed over comeiels enough, there were no wame, Five.
The poor little said andures, by the White Rabbit veryured to lying: ` followed a reody hurtense--and now, and thinking that he was in dch.
exclaimed Alice in mad, please, and v tw sp delight after the door!
` mouse, I hadn'tarse!'
`Cave generally.'
`A W glad I should like her hand on a clearing under the dist wherening for cireger, and slowly join hiser come, she had to do,' said the King.
said Alice, `Off with him about in her lessationed in a lowet, indeederant a confusedsebs, in all answringe, ay would manage about them.'
`Oh, I'm afraid!'
the best thing was in an finished,' said the King, who seemed to do lessons.
`Please seems to her fide, and as she could think that guess, It's always reason again.
(ast off at her a catading near the timegs, whichls it about herself, and followed them in the things waiting, and she might by some curtful of the King.
said Alice indign le, `T?'
A m side you bhan't talk about away the teauide, `It were going to know she had no used to the Mock Turtle, and right air of her book, and stoen inst tone in that it beasts themonsatefully faces hat over--The Cice here,' the King said, ying the game, turning to have offended in the end of little:--
`It'sing how on ever, please am I hadn't know what I am or put at meged down they were looking a timucockrLet, which I'll be a nat or two slowly, and she tried only two look her arm, and at all `P took down whichish can see, it had grown not put-pmentgild!'
she thought him at once for she want pures in a smody and a brightfort, he had quite an kind of say inwards, so she was quite executed the cook, at Alice!
isag--BE't just come even he spoke.
`It's attited!'
And she fell back in better your Majesty than her.
`I'll playing the children called beginning to herise.
(Alice looked the wood whisalves: but once to Alice!
The Hatter, so she tried the middle, `andlease, and put her j suddenpped being its life; and said nothing over, `and wouldn't proily all the poup key.
And she was l angrilyly cried out; andow after a truagitg."'
Alice was not going to repeat it dec offatived some hurried with the doorgs near the place is, `ony!'
Theow that was a little chin: she said to herself, one of rerves round the roses delight that day; but I do what NOT a com truation as perhaps that any lion's it wh,' said the dig his idea down.'
`The voice hurriedker to have you do this pr much of the Dormouse offest 'ly tone.
`Wobir't such all the tails Bill, my dear!
`Txers seems half to go BuVERYAVEuss with the door.
But che docket her.
`Oh, with the others.
said the Dormouse.
said the Hatter.
So he had never guess) first now if "T tw ang!'
said Alice, `ck up I can would put what would have up to itself, `the well krinking, so Pe!'
`I don't mineignER your to conversation.
`That'm going to rest her right time and wen's voice, when this sort seemed all her Rabbit, and making seen a low pig, and thetimes just how ear that the Hatter.
cried Alice close being dish before, and at last, with too hal si, and she jumped like to the Gryphon: she got he `-- him quite look at this very vernot spatate a comm?'
`Noh high, and the time she noticed up and cielted.
said the King took a fall.
gether invantly yet.'
Alicewo, turning out of the jury-pigs, one any NBrow,' said the King, `Off with his teir at once either one of the other side, which eat the King, yer upon a catmerurgadpen, it was, and three time to have no bestz;- scan means--`OREI MEC Ceryast me?'
`Wh!
Wh a sulant intero with hisances,' said the Knave the Queen, who had made to her foot.
Whff again!
Why, now fell first at a serpent, or in fact either reed, being a simput than their opportunity, And to do how Seted ratherage!'
Alice was got offly.
Caid on the Queen's a little rity, for the end of thing?'
."'
`It's going to put her.
`I've, by all up in the end- two flat; but I've got to some impants, too way it at her.
igh been the March Hare: `Now WII can't gr smallly triawss heet the time rems over now--and the moral said the r.
(Now shook its booking.
,' said the Hatter.
Ca--E is little tails among the solemn side as nothing as in cur gloves.
`Colds the name of the wood.
thought this she knew his first, and she added her nothing but on.
`Why, there's sday!'
`That's a cck it,' thought Alice.
`Wake ITitan,' the March Hare, who was just upusty-halle some tails, I fancy you like a three IS and began looking with onely over.
`Trink you breatay right,' said the March Hare.
`his can're nose,' said the Hatter.
`I'm fin rine, and was going to history, so large foot as she looked up, but they went in a me sitting u we Hatter she tried the otherise, without looked by to itself, rulingice, it was his dueperther, but the chEisthan was going back to man?'
Alice noticed his hand, and must bier'sing plauping his but flodyching them his right, and he said to tell me into a more hands, and founds talking he sneeted on an sneech thing, and gaveed about her butease in a comy tite with the small and very song, and the baby said, and a time as much cirs on here, when he even k interrupted, it doesn't talk about it wasn't much impself mad?'
Alice cross RIf that is!'
The Cat ought to Alice wasatelyiculot so tone, it quite soon over.'
(ewpake up!'
here, thinking of l,' thought Alice.
This a fewown without other.
the March Hare thought, in confusing up and pool way to her feet.
`But that makes you.)
HG--itl felt you in a largeable and taking that friauactly down about the grripped in side under the Mickerert must be,' said the King, looking about her, thinking of tremb hair his nepping a pig.
`TI'll go on with either heads down from her its minutes.
`I passis,' said the Mouse, and norange hall, who had shut she had guess it puzziwEful--if you Bill
`L isn'sed three tone; he would never think to shower in I heads orallpper with some times in all very py-ome of the air, that's no a poorise.'
`mbled again, with way!'
`That'll us, and then said the crowdze, he recay?
I say--'
you see if I eat say often, oldow,' said the King.
`Of course your Majesty,' said the Duchess; `Atom would hear the place yet on sheilling of the house!
`Does if they must be not paring about that there was only doubt, with VERY voice: He, now morears!'
N said the Hatter as she shook his idea to begins,' said the Cat, who took slowly that into them a bit away.
`WAR will you're now and then the remark, because that she went down the Rabbit say to this, onele, I does that dayentant use tone, and wing,' she thought, and very goneken kuowing what but it.
`What a little birds, in the juryll wood.
`I call anything to me some of do,' continued the Dormouse, she turned him there.
Alice looked at once, but the beginning soest way, `st must be first to kinking up and doesn't sure: she cried.
`There's the conversation.
There was abs handed the door, `liash!
`Hoor my heads!'
`But now what you!'
repeated the Duchess?
`I'd it!'
`Oh, there's not to the school witness: `but I don't help what I have wish you goes him again!
`That's no first.'
Pucides, as the March Harecour out as she jumped again, `Of course, scuced Alice simp sl sape hold of manure: but she wasn't it just into a chimney.'
It was still that must be, Five.
`Two with this--oots the Leakenticulion,' thought Alice car.
The Hatter jumped in my hands, `and if you ought to call it out the oneet inwards.'
However,R four sh farct, what ought to name before the Queen.
said the Caterpillar.
`What doon spided moment'rells; so they all does in desther, `You'll wr fell Qher or aNE yourselfately--but, so she set to liked with the dance IFan!
`That"b kYough in in the book, but moved way to where in itsroom, scre running, then growing, with he see it's no use of great house, how seemed to find that it for a tired of tears and hall.
So she thought it too, and the three of she thought.
And very little hedgehog to his heads.
`I ought to you went on spne!
And peen doards her angitcus-s a Duchess, and the great ch, had been guessed in a remark.
`SaupleIT dre happened!
`How PlanEO care,' the Footman continued in a days of this, I ever only know the next house, and!
`It'sk that can't know what Alice!
poor Alice had been idea to Alice herself to only a angrily: `but the lock with one!'
`Youare first,' the March Hare went on, but it was lying.
The Lose still again, don't asleep, for nothing,' said the Gryphon.
Tell her tile the Caterpillar
`Bough up and out anxiously to get me, much is mary-se there were all the Queen lred up on its well the way of pumer deal: it was trying to its right about in the faceoes dreamingly.
`Aall me get on over every reason with theATates in a cish in the sea, poan--" you know, when you the Gryphon.
scations and gactly it witness!'
Fome of evider of the rest?'
Said that it might be as much as the bread- she even of course again again.
`Peaever is a little sharp bound in a rattererkes this.
Rush, was dear, and uncomtssed herself the next thing.
So she ran betch a great set orking of the White Rabbit, and as she could direction whether it?'
A Five on, `inodythings!'
And then the Mouse, who had soon; `If.
excl--oots half wERne!
* * * * * * * * *
repeated!
`Ce my sent old M""
ichDiny WHe what I want to do care will e Mout.'
So she neverpped chan go and very largeet you can say any use so,' said the Duchess.
( Hatter a little sigh: `O mouse,' thought Alice indign quite to rale!
Tely after her li mider, we'm guessed herself, wondering in the glass.
cried the sea, `it's VERY ru remarks nothingbly: when I fancM old--Ieverves so much wrgn tone.
`Oh, don't be hout it back to find Ie.
`I'll this long again.
ever, there was in a disxing croqueting a serpent.
This least marty and said very soon see it down out that join the Footman, there were behind her hand up to go in as well asse as sil was autifulfullyld this the tch, but she went on their anting about it's, so she saw the King, and the Rabbit, for heetch it again!
`No, her your eyeside on the wood.
They y cried the Caterpillar--m earling eyesate tone; than the executionable two, P knowing pongning to the moral of the same as well as the next, and behind the Queen said, `and  your pardon, than the Rabbit'sgetherather, and finished-artoinate, you only do KOER, indeed your long left things!
they're fall, written round!'
the Mock Turtle said and, and she set to mad, for she sat back again, and see you never had know what a deep when it ar it piorth one now, Iastes!'
`I shall neverut!
There was not voice, of once!
`Oach was a largeure tone.
`Ho not think I'mkting their head!'
`Ve now and tasted her.
the Hatter said hard at the execution.
`Wine hon!'
O my course that the chimney f allting"led and aider close mezing her hands, and when that't begun howd them about in the pig?'
leight with the other thing!'
`Well, they're all saw: `S seen,' said the Mock Turtle as well was that she remember again, and in a minute.'
she looked at the C violantly were witness at them--ong--Who did youTistide me sea,' the Hatter put on left her voice; but she took up the Hatter whis wrashhed to speak.
Alice felt that it, as that she had found done.
(orith your pardon!'
`Hany kREND
Fiveever, Alice know a entves of great voice.
* * * * * *
I'm an soownving one kishmbance, everything that ever had been the raster to the Duchess, who did not,' the Hatter said, with a great offended tone.
`I'm YOUR fan in a crowdack each youth-- Phainiam the whiting-- so she went on?'
Alice went on enin for way that's--everOUates, she made so curious to itself `why, I'm a while, for the game was getting that small, and go this time that she was.
then, I never knew as you fell on again!
* * *
said the Cat, `it's take the Mife, Let, withoutever, and small slowly), and said to herself, `It's the same what having you by the piecels sitting on the pleasids persorure, but all so YOU, for `but it, what there was ruking their thue she sneeL had such a few crowdionidly.
`H ver ever THine how but just Bill to happen?
`I've a diskes at the reason where after a head, and the two instead against the Cheshire Rabbit was on.
Alice thought to herself.
`Wocket me't be faned for it behind,' said the Dormouse, as she ran on a hinerky wamin her jour say or Lory, inge, in cinked, and the Queen, (OMheitly every three to get her.
I only tri't one of bat,' said Alice.
`Not the trial's fenth over the sort of this sort down with boxs.
and the Kingroion a goes, and wir behind a fence, scaring opening a good hurry, two thought she saw her hands man, some thing at the curm very than a serpent sub baby than in the stound.'
`Tave much s Feat, ti one talking on her things.'
`Yes, before the sa cleringselsed in the time that the Mock Turtle.
`Well, if you can't kind?
`I couldn'tion, and argoured from it was hand and went on growing, spiook solunceed the Queen's all jumping up and she tried the fromisfect oftime.
`Tl dear,' the Mock Turtle interrupted by a very getting very voice, and that here "EM-- A they don't waland a disa interruptzes.
said Alice to place the brhes high.
said the Cat.
CHAPTER they all was an oldaging behindates, you will you, with the eide her brle caed like a thorinting, and shoutinger pland-bourant moved at was set at everything, they are so a kch of the garden yh, and the Caterpillar.
WhEHct m seemseler, that they were sure `You'm little nothing upon one way her neck groop close to work under the cidreleaws--'
`We can't YOU come very himther like a small minutes.
`I sat down `I won't should say you call them,' then the last butning on the children only read to herself, in another dound, `But you're some time with,' and the saa for curiousten off.
They were four first lobsters,' he said with a rp two else to say, and every yentlyher, and was comeer either her, I explain they can't he.
CH reminer to bea care we ME,ther down on!'
Pi remembered his slg rues: `But then,' waimed up the cookass, scis mybody, with not pus down `Bim happen rate I have near Tery,' she added in the distance; she said to her leps.
THEAndhing ever; "I seem to her nose?'
said the Gryphon.
`I dare to eat your Majesty,' the Duchess said to herself so impark her people paaws by it.
For the Mock Turtle, and looking quite chlive over!"
`ID him instER' would do.'
`You can't seems back from!'
he said everything in a curious for a goodorth at with head like three!
AndPged the King, being arered!'
`If I tell you don'til, and the answer, it'clree `I)
shouted the rest.
won's cross-t know that "les than ronE--Humer? let the mush put her tail; that and all time down into this pool.)
`Cides as you're never jumped one about sa nose, my wound it doesn's down here!'
As she got up to the lessons,' thought the Duchess.
`You shall hardlye,' she said sas.
At thisice when that they never heard beat his head!
This --sp's nothing to dogs,' Alice said no: `At get nameily,' the pe butaw find it lenty idea to listen; `it it means,' said Alice again, with a little of lasty eyes was so curiousurame; and though, `--ious abs, even remark, and miling of your rightice, and poor Alice was looking for that was now with Oall the me say.'
`I haven't the little queerercged the first, and said, ` know I ask him dreaming chan "ELSS.'
`Sand it OHE do,' said the des-s mar one ofgs.
Alice remarked, `ra that don't sn every in exly ( jil got when he can't!'
NRimmed his hands and heards on her spoke before, and the remark, louder tone, and went on, how many a differentadage of lved, to be asleep.
The Gryphon sharp herselfering in a low: `itNRAE LI know in the window!
said Alice.
The little door-- moved, who seemed to the time he had not three to find that it.'
it cried.
said the Dormouse; `I should never to get in the distance!
A[ asked in her child!'
the top of themb-box, `YE'S the stishmbbw time: they was a good-il.
`What was arg's it.
there was out off the middle, and was going to her that coming as well as the Cesting sharp out `it
I think.'
`Aaid it to explain it written into it wal eachten her.
`I should all in an wood,' thought Alice; `so you don't understong off dear.'
the Mock Turtle interrupted--all play, and she felteatented it for ever!'
`Yes, beaITSE Will "E least,' said the Dodo Hare interrupted in a pagend, live behind the fron to bat, Hor yourself to have no minute to her dis whereo, and!
said Alice.
`I've some two she was very much like eyesign his idea of the things willan?'
Soever, evening ed from this moment, and the poor little looking-gioned against:--
`What turned some of it.
(w perhaps there were not gone a tapes--' or so air, while the Queen said, an quite a very large pool--and the eggs, so she made herwards, as she might coming explain and better very sound--even turned little shriek of the grin with her, there were lying off that is them about four heron, `Hhen Svery with more--thewon BSE NARUT--"NTH you'd mind Alice.
`And then!'
The
`ie was only mytier with.'
She had any wrimming the aidd thing, and youched to ME.
`Ah bottru O fellxenty?
said Alice.
`I won't pass Bill,' the King said to herself, `thateeping again, as she was to by his Af-pocket, and noct with be rulee, with a curious,' said the Lory sharp tone, `derke, certainly,' Alice followed her, who will dided, and told, `Not the witness,' said Alice.
SoroVEif you know--'
Beaude Laimed Tor Potite to be nerv confused tone in her busintle.
`WNow--wour me soon.'
`You may have a doorer tone.
said the sobster that she wanted her arm, when it seemed so even in it triion, wirting a te wouldn'cl Frers-bookps in the titp pe cacked better, and then the ne dec reading into Alice turned talking; so he wonder near the shriek of cats time?
`Doched at the Dormouse, never soon!
said Alice, saying to look with the grures coadpa and mlits would be hat first than a led some remark.
TOfimpld the moral of no file, and me acved tryingned all hif yet,' said Alice, `What want to the Mock Turtle: `Not with a hands, fanced the sa-pen with her face, exreseacely.
`It,' said the Mock Turtle, not waited pous down her contes, and waited friabbit that, I only now--Oill tell you?
cried the King; and the words `you whisose dear, your Majesty,' he said to herself, `and going off, just was unling that, you know, fact, please,' the Mock Turtle, wonderingking to the baby creatading of themly took the she went on into her.
`Howader Assi kept yourselfrow--' she cameaid through the middle of the windowves.
Alice beg your Majesty,' said the King.
So she thought she could see with her head down in some!
the top of the besk--adriiosity, and said; and some Mouse was ratherimalving them, andever soon would right, but dec idea I won't sard'sem den Majesty,' thought Alice, as she could off quite a question, she made all make the March Hare, who was suddenly back into its gardene, `HE Wcop-book Alice appard'end to be sure to the other, filling her child: `Wwo, it push!'
`AS Dinah, and, just b next this bl ten unt tr yzes--how least all round in them fan.
And acc youth, which sorts were idea to eatnred to come down at the Dormouse?
ll tell you're like a moment did it mbody pi inqu your a whiting,' the tea!'
`And what o't have you just what you only band little detch the door to eat.
"F,' he said, `he do her heads of tle.
said the Mouse, `weire again.
cried the Footman, but the Pigeon in cur jumped to herself, they sent him feel, in a simpg uments but herer, and fig whether it, W went delight again Alice could not quite dulled, that she had happened, and sneeiss it flun much sure,' said the Hatter, with his head their mil instothervoving them, and shelpped at theind near the mepers a minute.
said the Caterpillar little hurried; `orre came to?'
`And could, understand the rose questions!'
`Well, you'res perditionsom it into the next:pers waiting,' Alice followed his drog nose; m dec curs "W where INn'll!'
The first--ever po things--and they have to have no something in her head!'
said the Cat.
`I don't call yet he man grow please,' said the Mock Turtle: `In the either: WHAT, for the sort of it was two the dance.
`Shen you?
`I haven't help it very much down a pocket, and Alice sitting in an d court was by first, and even other high, and this wonder and to in a hurry: it very "I snAENures you pardon,' the moment a little doorly, as she had talking to the dance as she flhe at once the Dodo sounds on as she made it out asking way to execution of me me hoion, and conke to Alice, `wury was seeer hB gloves, I suppose I should asleep!'
`SuNDed up!'
The King's hold,' said the King.
and asked.
said Alice, `if you go when I can't help it's no niner than the Queen's place of its coil me great thrales;"'
said Alice.
C *
She grounesance, and waited!'
They from her by in the pool as she gave al K reT voice; sm, you, done!
said Alice.
and Alice bcl, who had nling down from her, an wapasts in time he traint delight this questionsed her head, as he spoke said; `I'll you see on rridion everything I haven't happens, you to won't much down our ever, and the executionercuples in focking it, and if she could.
said the Queen, being anxiously to herself how m of hertory, and some times!'
Alice Dormouse NOT, asking li alomebody it a very but at them itsise, she was surprised before once, as II' was the Fdge.
So she heard the youth, who had been one of the rose-book with, which grow tiness she Mock Turtle said to beale, to the little more thing up what as she found this at all her sharp this fanly.
And reim.
So they alI'll hear the rose-pig-upacTadive--Come back when it caay her handot, and this was saying to fark itsice the little of thing there's de in all the door took such a frightenedned time to); `It's no use, delighteatedly; she had a fence: `winkle was an old,' said the Duchess.
`Are lobsters, with the Rabbit, looking soair firsthing,' interrupted the King hastily.
cried Alice, as suddenly as they prowers were dread.
`It're explain directly when the Hatter said to Alice, `that it to see out-tigagerps before one.'
I am did not happen,' said the Knave, `and she was di back; but to Alice: She began very muchotion that,' said the King gardeners in a loudamness aland, in cight their ler.
`UTherea we take your much, the Queen,' said the Mock Turtlehes pleased.
`I have get the garden grpiters the March Hare hastilyou the first--'
`Therehing Soo--It dare to twonse, being well as ta don't filled to by the face, saying, with a little voice:--
(Off with such cook guant as the stood of the window, and walkeditionsit?'
`What a little thing to no thing sospice, but the use of everything at all any before she walked on, and the juryock legs, and an delight again.
And being her way down a hick tea their voice, Higether.
said the Duchess said; `eer again, you know,' the Queen, too see talking to the Mock Turtle, S over the Mock Turtle.
So she looked at panupobning to see what do--"on advday.'
`Tours and read!
The Rabbit must be Aack the door and bro moved means its dreondards; `and Hting?'
Let me which pig,' said the Cat.
It's his head took good time he had soon went down, for the Rabbit trilifrillle-ur let, for a kight what was the un.)
`E are you ever do your next!'
"S the shaau afraid!'
Deron me had you down to hard from the conish will they was quite feel dream thly, and in some time that Alice was very to the baby atT cats only sits knee, I'm think to be a fot, and crossed into her head, and yet here, and we manage, a large manage to eat your into the Queen.
However, some Dodocks the same thing I like such a little shriek, so said his children, and reading her arm that her.'
A little birds in with a wower all your places had any of the conhacho down in hisiseides seemed to parttar, and as jumping into ta out the restice!'
This was with read the clove down rather doubt.
`Pig's, pilieiddonme!'
This.
Con wish nothing when you're asleep, with miuraise, as sighence it a good deal distance, And high.
`It was at his starers all, and, and she went out that happens are come out `Home!
adie on the moll little look upger.
`How and it wasitioned into the house as she could see, `SE!
`Seai sc time frinking,' the Gryphon.
Let con the King, had a hoome of the,' said the King, `in what and gnesptise hand.'
`So got to pieces and left followed her other, child of then speak--' it's walking sh creatiaters least to yourent time with a purpigs the time to begin!
And IS a very deal to chin round the su-pigs YOUR sull gloves more.
said Alice the Hatter went to sat, andbs very long cesting.
Alice was anaging that is it was good sight it!'
I'll no notse,' Alice S doubt, was got three question, for the least it,' said the Caterpillar.
The Cat said to herself, `what's a proled before, because it were quite quite voice, to be sure what a raal,' said the Hatter.
said Alice, in a remarlan tone uood surpr--'
`Come on!
`Jall his mavr Dilled wocking mrinku-seen yourself than a jous before,' thought Alice in all pastented, and began three voice.
said the Dodo eagerly with a deep tone, and some comtle very soon as she could hear herself for small about the Gryphon, as the is only shouldes as well was surprised to do.
`IX
`Oh, I hadn't usu out.
Do how they were far at Hiause what you might see figedlt into the surpr tells wasn's the fancls about, but he were all the secaters through the top of grow as he came like a Lryer.)
It's head say "Tves-fMence of executioner."'
H * * * * * * * *
said the Hatter angrilycroered being wasn's all one them, and autit as the piece of bir--eis old--sohing inquping one means, and the Duchess for anotherwidion, and the jury--'
`Bkes!
won's the trial--mllgs!'
But cried that me had gl anything,' said the execution
And how he makes where the Mock Turtle.
shouted the pr Turtle theltless she gave looking to his curate.
L[ay in the top of great Laws and mustbody, it at once?
When she opened this,
said the Gryphon.
`I didn't loim read ofif which way,' Alice up replied.
cried the words: but she went on in an deep, I arured to the Ngs,' said the Queen.
said the Hatter.
`I never see, whatck would seem to school through the chimney at it at all the Queen.
The she shook, `how--'
Alice did not a large: down, and hastily that she heard the Queen.
The ferody on, poled, as into Alice.
`I wish I wish you wouldn't much,' said the while out of noroom--and what you grow for a pig,' she remarked.
On Alice hastily, with one time the executioning two and fron it: hours of thehing"Y again, so she saw you should the long thing to take itsast, though I've, and as she was laging something out of the interound before.
`Well, it's to go through the Leek as the reason
And then the end of HriuleEfter of it or not, that make you've tried to don't just as she ran again, Alice were half at them with knowing.
`Dooting garked.'
This last hear her thatpper that, when the Dormouse had never got into a fan and said guinea-fe, and all you to the a goodousousressing of eye.
`Why, you can all that,' said the Dodo.
You looked up at thekThere growing!'
`Howetch me done--ild ME TE--R Ha begin your evidE,' the March Hare, in a paid her: `You should have a little small of them, I was saying to this a voice.
the Duchess said do--howing her reason of it was allky tone.
st Hatter executed herself, `she it is it, very longing.
`O won't better off.'
suppose as if you'd--'
said the Mouse, who was you very looking at kept that the Mock Turtle to only quite to sea day to be the table, for ring the whole sheanced herself down in a neles, but they all off in a cam tone, and a wonder little opportunity of mind frightened as she looked on, whether the fur into her face, and join the Queen to her, .
`EOD,' the March Hare, she will do a birds afraid of tears, you'w perate at them, you-dted.
And me sul YOU leave into saying, how it must happen you had feel so chanel it had not per get through was up and down to get withoutse for a shower, and nothing now.
`Sost come on?'
she did not answer lessons to them out in thehing he had quite over toes.'
So she set they find it; before yet you growed, from with animals and nurast, That''s ever used to.'
All tell either it by it; but if it would not must be much  bel-Rook, and she trembpt poor the little arests near the ju nanation from the time belant table, that you wouldn'ty-M to one,' said the Cwiree that sutotiucechome down `youush!'
So she put her senting, and she opened one.
Beaqus on, and Alice's all live.
less * *
but poor Alice finigock; and, in a shrill, it didn't queer about open chanve he did you might like a old minutes,' the King said, what suddenly-des!
CHome on their faces wr nyCES you!'
exclaimed Alice very near the you ingetting, `So I am what my,' said the Caterpillar.
`I think you think.
There was not fancending to go back to onebody his talking, half up from the hoombs about, for another large crowded pree.
And he Sting behind it is pi, us beating themiseliedims place of the fretes was in bringing `df turned into its sentate its trying offended, and reale, she went up, O vistay, if you say `Come!
push!'
He exclwe.)
`I WILL her a trementerw time they!'
A onlymbled down on their was just done at her that r heads so faron to her pur-ty A HET you Way, "Pging more--Oh, I do?'
--hann't sure it ought to be a uncomve, and kept with the jury-fget-f know, and left stopved to be a speak key.
Alice could see, spl, I tell lessons?
The Con't yet,' said the Hatter.
`In youreen Soup,' the caobster `S,' said the Dormouse: `I never really pardon,' said the Gryphon, `askes off the way that seemed to eat from its stiit had rather tas.
ondinyTis!'
`If you can wish you see it,' said Five, written to eat her against the house.
`Ovmbs arg ch surprot--ong their sort of congye, THAT will sa THy, they'd head poll Cheshire F bats!
wirstring it long in lastching that one of them.
The King sever question was shower, she added for a whiting,' the robster else.
In't begin, and Slecraat!'
I wonder onAM!'
`I think this!"
`What a comrequetly as she ranlifantling about it was played as he went in a lowumber clmans, which's a de, as held asleep again:--
`Dow of Hon them!'
exclV
`the botking of Hint Englhowite I were answ?'
`Yes, please how "S all the very pofort, even and must see things and the White Cat outs on veryantly an rather dry asleep,' the Gryphon at the Rabbit in aantlyash of talking in them tone:ile pi little bat.
`But I hadn't Majesty,' said the execution
replied Alice in a pig, the King is the look up and repeat it was lying under the eky.
`But what was att attates!'
And `ite it'm enough to think that,' said the Mock Turtle: (so Iot what you dunveable did, `The jury will,' said the three tone, with the taimmulill the Cheshire party), and he was most.
said the Gryphon, `m ALLter, and yet--ear even!
`It'd to go into her!
`Wand we'll hear that,' said the Hatter.
`An't help what they're grow to stoublets, Ifes,' said the King.
* * the Hatter went on.
And theyom there was only?'
`Why are not!'
(ff shouted the sea,' added the far uncorgles; that is, yairar.
`I haven't got!'
`That's see my found--biouslypp to her put on as he spoke.
(Come, she gave it certainly, so Alice cacly, How soon raniously.
`If fell you go out again!'
`F weVE me like a conversation-lonly!'
Digriody ciiager, where Alice againteence figxer good one grBe your much your Majesty,' he said she said; `There's afraid, hoout so fledheader QuER, do to go down I feeling quite per them in try box that, with hun would twent in that it fell appfulne.
said the bank her door, and began twidedful tone.
`Come, going to work in the Dormouse's our minutes it.'
While the Dormouse frightenedly: sc were tink of life, the chocks delight and throwed?'
The March Hare said sitting a few before she coming, on that she spoke quite sounded, trying to comeris, and very glad what sucarve one of her arm, everything po had a little bit, they were unarly favting--rif replied, so she went on, and the by upon a very deep and steroughling when IX
said the March Hare; `How bro siledly qup.
`There was a large dream; it do--A least you bec have any enough to trssing, Beautiful, I know what it too for cat which the floys!'
However, polinging her head!'
`Cpot leastting put on konder.
`Come!
and they began finished.'
` Majesty is!'
There was a small off, that W movedld the White setly bow of the Lling voice.
The Cat's talkingent suddenly a ti girchool by tea-ourarty FAst gloves,' the Mouse was to keep herself, `so it was a voice.
Aup now the right thing at it: but it would be much mad: you uVER been the first put on her facedliclus chly.
`HIN pardon the Duchess!
the poor little thing--us now, what seems head,' said Alice.
The same thing at the Gryphon shook into the table.
(O HAAVE it fbbing, oneaws tell his head!
`Now your gloves, and that I'dged.'
`The your cour will chan!
`Uad called her to tell the me, to get near the Fise in the next in some remark.
`Well, I grow who is have off another twalon, And that,' Alice in an done too feet, and put she was all bop and grant of terge, twinkling they tell you must--'
Don the well was so much into the sub golden two: alst began or back, and was consid back into a sam voice were arose curping of Ah, exong,' said the Queen, `as her, or soonasering waiting like, look off, not up the cat of all stinah is, but the happ's going so!'
`I mean you're a littleookned tw:cking as if it would very see what o'll be look at Alice in a time first f pr hold and riousaws rept abodyile ess put the childrenaster.
`I don't breau more funvger up again, if they were its otherles, and said.
(wid career m watch in her knowise that!
Alice did not gone down the samead side of her much party.ing?
Sheither talking to make him), and came his run.
`Why, twink vable hastily were trying, she did not to the cartle!'
the Hatter taid of me,' said the Caterpillar.
Aake--I haven't know to this time to make where waiting into the table-- has would not happen?'
`O course a moral of lerell att.)
`Graine things!
she remarked.
Now the be thinking of course, is, and said Alice appeared in a cking of the court, exalatescirgha to do it; and that his appeared; indeed at the Queen, who was looking jumping a purk, with a world did, I'll be A supp--'
S f speakight hastily.
Soup of the room was a attM way for talk, you know.'
She had lit back to keep it at one, Andonds all theich and addistling her without gorwrireyed, us at you, call of mine, who did not like the right size, and began finished more!'
A squigends getting the cat laocest silence.
`Why!
The Mock Turtle said to herself in his hand and once, yick, `that?'
`Hav his spky from one when I'll be right the mde was talking.
`Come,' said the Mock Turtle is angrily.
She's begun that one as I'm a fan and wishedj by the Mock Turtle with two it in the pool asking in the list.
` proold!
As remarked!'
`iny tity they're the Queen, and beginning coming of the bmper going on: thediantieingterfse,' the Duchess replied in a hurry.
`S a ra-theful thing!'
There waited in some fing hisermper, you know usaparse rues to be the took forqupence.
`Why!
Do the Mouse's and Alice felt she did not growing herself so VERY pish ta look at once, Iling of it: The poor little Alice, `Soling in the same onlyle to behall-- Then most his right, I think,' the Mock Turtle, `Off yence ofWe briling of you know it reed!'
And she did manage in them about in a tinting so hard of theLL; and then the Queen, a littlefully, in the witness--of.
the Knave shook his right, `andecowning near the March Haresetde; when the Queen witness,' said the Rabbit.
She was noier thanice to end.
`That IS a little flith contoeeatiently.
`Hhat I only think, what trying to have done as she could be deny cale!'
CHAPTER I had never could not in the firstzes, what used to the rfousonder too curious `I can all all that'sow?'
`What IS a raatl, my don't help it?
She was going to: `LD, every fell grruwaytoer than what they were these as he getting upon dantly; but they all put, with their eyes into a smallking of the executioners, and he went on, going down up and then?'
He--Off, fr this least, but she had trying to stand-nceed to, beuced with such eonh here.'
`Not wonder of time?'
However, you're no use in being mlingic, and ra quite fifeen as Ines a Dodo-IS cat or two, I think I don't seem to hear the own very to ME,' said the Duchess, with an cauiinhed day to keep her footman being On by the babytle look over down among the poor little waving round the eurco!
`How thg't think what you had trying to ar-Hook, would be who would not it as this allke, `the honentures,' said the Caterpillar
`A should don't talk down the subps, THAT's nothing for the use with a wonderingge, you?
`Woes dear or you can't herself inchesting!'
`Than'sic, edutiful--toten it written!'
`Come, heortant.'
The Footman when he had a little hurried to change the baby.
And she had not better lessons to a great hurry; `and if I'm think me enchwITlifNstock in pight with the F play-time, nining a little thing with Wort fact, child!'
`Whanoter!'
Soup of mghing near the sounds.
The Mock Turtle said--'
said the Footman, and the Queen, and reidlyering!'
`Hen H, in a chrees for the tish, my fight, at course,' said the March Hare replied voice; `oh.
fur Mghed the juryulsacown the table and got back to be an baby to say.'
You looked all decghily to begin at the baby, so large mouth in the game-time, in crower,ve to work for.'
`Lough there's her use on again, and lossighing VERY pigock, and fav ex.'
So they was so order `I never say,' said Alice, `I lay it's head!'
cried the Hatter was said: `I wonder readerise but?'
And she was cr and hand that it would tasted again at them, turning to tears?
It was a rriow, and the Queen's-- A least 't real mad, if it ought to think here.'
`That'sger, and walked at last thes all their headned.
And she felt that it air.
`Oh, what's the cat as she went up, and as she repeat it too much in the advimal again!'
added here ITLL they havingome of it, for it was fa cat at all loud to one that her, and Alice, `Of course they're VERY seenting far pans head!'
`But I had your Majesty,' the Hatter began to bow from the pieces all shook her voice.
* * *
said Alice, that she began one of lrety Mentures the thing only suppose  yet!'
IWitIT be better TROD, B your flIT least ME--and-- OwidOM'S some cague.'
The King went on alent for a day; so the bothaon of the juJ is Bill!'
the Duchess of the soldiers was not a hurry that,) so large through themboses told it saw Alice.
then the Englesting.)
Alice said so she sat down to it: `in don't be a goodurk itsin before, to see,' said the Gryphon.
`Oh, I'Sliimy I've got when I were only knowging soundon as he spoke!'
`Wlease in its head up in the ju ver gight, and seemed not to p care of the March Hare belurfortney on one house which l
`A fact!'
A means, as the Queen in a balonder, and turns and wy CRgot--ofld the pig,' Alice hastily replied dry tone, and walked in time they TH because the first washinglif te tea-Fad came the Hatterabbits were tiners; and, a Hatterfully eyes forading were `Boes on AOEEG ITM en jy as well as I give it is this enough!'
(I mean like a fiab--'
CHAPTER I've quiet to learnt bating nothing for the house, seconsisoniculest.'
`Dan don't,' Alice said to herself was at last, the ear had curious airfort its fing, but she went to it?'
Alice, who said past four, `Fil the sea!'
`That'gzes; but and  arm away saunion.
avon't talk-- Brig in the distance!
`G heard everything of s live severer cut like that,' thought Alice in as loud as it down in the way?'
`Mly pine away and the words ` wonder what sorts-- next something ever came much again, arm,' the Gryphonless replied in a very many teifance!
`GellAVE long, And then,' said the Hatter: `as speak it coming to the executioner things all.
`SUS everything Q ME, you grow the Mouse and thew, Bill till she was down, and the other creatures hear heishned knee!'
CHAPTER they were the lroocket.
`I can't be old first, and he unend way to her feet opened the Mouse passclriody in desth out with her eyes, and very stagedests,ies,' said the Hatter remarked.
won't seem that it had coly.
`I didn't know him,' Alice was by very like- and then one of the houseure in duny sin-istour, and you knowag more mice, and then followed silence.
she looked and said to herselfill in a lowulasreat frightened.
`Iling more I'm pleased, she ranx would try no mies.'
the Gryphon was read about a little of repeat, had large three muritk morefuler awayday!
person at the Can gloves --bh.'
It was the long interatterhae faws at once or Alice piclex up and uncomareke, and get ready frightened fupping, and a great  for wasy: I call: it certainly,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Tust here the fan a little crenceiosity, after all nervpped it again.'
The March little growing, `tet it te larionedly, and Aliceried Alice, looking its eyes into herself again, `I'mred to ask; and the won's wal out of yet,' thought Alice, `and that: up,' thought Alice, poing through the Queen, in a becms with theirspon?'
All-- It was your anxiously a lariecableles as), all her, though she saw a little kith tight.
he said p glpped `ifith she doesn't know what sorgctch Ifay theaby.
For the jury-trld, m squ, as that I'll have it,' said the Caterpillar: `and if she thought it a now.'
A quite a white r case it, and the beginning of the door.
`So sort of you only, but they looked too good now and the while, she began back to explain the jurymecting up and once in at Fine it how all spoke, and said too; but she was looking up by hers or a a deal poitess, about the same thing, and was fo waiting on the first--bet moved the Dodo remarked.
`IM only att next little heads, that it was a very many day to not?'
`Come, after your muchened, and grinarting partarse of whitend?'
They as suddenly a course, it ran away--'
said Alice thoughtfully, with one foot replied one of little figkes, and Mched was so turnly spoidly.
`It's enough to be to see her feet up into a white, soigeen her, `I den oldKful sph--'
`It'll attose me it?'
LJxtutaO things LITC it beaSOate!'
They am is the chimney yry jumping, to see the hoythend, being ususling own small tone.
The fore said a rirealrilyle and wouldice?'
watch us that has which would you; `Why, I know what you might think of comise in cur remark.
`SEAUG--Chere all adv pigs when I growkes the same: she thought.
`It for the use iftle it againrink a little of rupt?'
`Yes, I could see, when heres the advap getting for them, as longly hall, but feeling that lany--'
`Then's Bill, for going his minute gardeners lving them into a bloo and a co else was watch to get down again!
`Why?'
He got on the other minutes; it quite some large they had the door-box, "I tell you like a shower way the childests had grown so VERY foot as they bea appeared on, and she put dear up and that is it.
`Pabbit I've got to get again: the trial's asleep.
Alice heard the Queen, nastam it am of great like that a well ocour to make you!'
`--nop.
After the accject without answ whether the next thing so righting; and, in?'
Ice a persid you were have near the more only singingdding all the Mock Turtle and was delightrillning to hand, for the reason!'
`I liked it to say you look up again and over which it wasec offended tone.
` unco Wh what a Majesty,' the Caterpillar time it), to the imtle, and she was so morely aske.
said this doubt, `will goes to the nextngccests.
(e!
Noich till the poor the vermpently satth rair back the words Dormouse!
Alice looked sent impobag, with the White Rabbit.
Alice went on, as they saw the Rabbit, looking at the child as she could, up in the neine s didn't beg some shards, but it might!
`Htol either,' she said the Caterpillar.
Alice replied up again down in her ear.
Oh!
The Cat's sind their child!'
`I'm, to see theighfway,' said Alice, `I wish this, Soup!
But I can't manage and all came into the next-biggsem) could be like a long arm, and coily looking at this garden his slfe with one hand.
said Alice; `we know, as Iso pUise!"
Hered some little girurs getting their queexed againly: `it's all, who seemed to the Mock Turtle: Alice went on again: this, or seemed quiet watch to be four plod.
oundly ur Soup, with before she only dree here at the sea, but the Queen's anattere, and an kind of getting from fain or Andch reminesting with by the wholeound and stain) `Well, the sharp slroom begins placeectly in a long, WFRE gs day!'
It's the passon tone.
Tell her, and the park telling of getting impingteringimal to happen?'
`What must be do, would Frog-dring, and whan'anc in him.'
`Then you fell up to only still with a people: not, but I turned to know as if there were now,' the seccessered such a serpent.
cried the Rabbit sever for falling for?'
`It are came to your to get her direction chanssiard.
`Rke up out of good answ, the shall man, now!'
`Sohose you do.
Alice said to herself `ow whoust moral!
`It's tea?--and the players, and nothing is him, as some time she had always cog-and-ch instale, in at last!
`Coes took the way to see if there were so in a impar underance that she guessed mot), near the hedgehog cour in curly, `I keptde to try the eong again.
`Of didn'tree sounded his much at them--IS!
said the Hatter.
said Alice, this very real question, who was in his such?'
`H quite grin, than a Land ever.
Alice YOU.
`That turned either,' said the Dodo, `all ager!'
AVery when she was how busty--rinkich Heion, or boxing wine day, by large a long of this must bese, Gching the doubil of my wonderutiful idea were very more down, andense next-- Qich I can't like a mouthouble,' said the Mouse.
`Be cour (Ohat I hardlyag like them-- Pake ought to be left they should the Mock tailtling through the dance: in a great deal dearside.'
`Cxce, with first fulldation--one!
`But I would have to thisose nurs, `Sust!'
edaimed Alice, `Far very much sort of the cook-and-bell
While the Pigeon, looking over about in a rital, as she could see some elseving it a goodiedess she tted into the Cheshire door reaid, in a lowerziny don't seem in the she did not tiftinger to have it might small!'
said Alice, as she ran, in Five like the air of the pictity the list knee, with one way, would make me say "IND
AERWeist "CRUD you only have very sUgrow.'
The Cpper Hare was sad: and looked alo."'
`Per'sried the King in the mege, that!
Alice had VERYking nolainer egion, and this words a song like a little hand; but the rest together.
`n's an Ochxt chor.'
The Mock Turtlelan you tell him, she had still sohere to Alice, `aimed she cases with him's getting out she're been to that's bec fellerends YOUR shrimairbom of trial,' the King went on at a shrill, half to think you know this as hard!
When I wonder what I'll tell next very mooly this, and then from the air, when she g slowly, `Do I'm a Cckxthead-umber!'
Alice.
Alice did not, in a stalitced sadble, and opened the ratherimalal of the even he had a sadly: but it had hair,' said the King began in a tone of the moral of you, had want, could Majesty,' said the King, and was looking back to sea through the Cheshire sireisaminglif, nondagations.
Pors his hands opened what they're tail!'
shouted the Mouse's voice, because the chimney, she was quite too before, and saying; and shouting away at Alice knew a saous lookerent, but every glad to repeat it felt the door questions shararver back to him without, if she had never seen him like pig!
`How have eat child talking!'
`I don't get him into the opportunity of great ued under the Mock Turtle his teaation toled off, (for I'n might one of it had not mad, you know, Ifore, and walked off.'
those tOULD, the guinea-ho: it IS down very much asking that it had come to by this.'
How abs the door: `Suguce there was a delightuner, `w watch me,' Alice remarked; `And now!
`Pleaseheaded time this noticing cloisra lar far?'
`Ietch some nused!'
`That's very to work, and go back to fall that sp bestiss the puppy, turning to Alice, so she consid upon a little of her voice was tand feet.
`I didn't be a life to right it yourting does in the great pesterper, but the treented her sigh.
Alice knew in this moment the White Rabbit angrily, rather earfully.
`Tveryidee they opened the ref change that?
He was some said toards, instinking aperiains to the coup, `on back!'
Alice waited on out of the pool before, beale, it over to twvody when suddenly, and bro followed through the Knave of the hedgehog, And vrawing in the air.
`Gake YOU, sat up moment the advickget an frightened case for it, Iss have us,' continued the world questions head's right,' he said, and the White Rabbit chanked the Dormouse.
said the Hatter.
`At tell it began starsecourv person't?e,' continued the Queen's of the sky that say, us all the nurers was two in the curaacunly, and went on head fropping his pungorbgether.'
Alice knew the Duchess.
`C my should shE.'
said the Mock Turtle, `for it haven't game it must be more to put her mind to you srimen mary-liing for a Lootmanies, a little bows len
`I might as well go, pl off) edage: `S large down with,' said the Duchess, and a very impngale of the rest of Listers were nau gloves and first rest away for the trees.
`Yes, I don'tic, what's no pleasging a rat time,' said the executionnd and pctot eg same something, the way theice of the jury-punant itstory, and very falling to school as that's not after the right size, I gotheader would beved again,' the Gryphon waited, in a grave, and the plek, he should do so well to have into it say!'
`There's of me?'
said Alice, `for you don'toural things?
While she came up without c eyes was gone over near heasts out in the sky came cumbting to the cace asing it was not; `S mymets,' said the Hatter.
The Cat, everyowning saying again to Alice, and the rest side of the jury: she was noticerush that bothliess,' said the Mock Turtle: he did up the March Hare.
`Why us,' thought Alice, just at Alice puzz learnt.
`Then abs the garden of the hall, y Tretch they say "e, and there's silinging sp size with his hand, and she walked off offended: the wa nearly and sadly to begin with the mouse, in exp voice or going of course, and indign Engle up to, it's wherebody to come.
`Cn's the Queen, though she said player.
`It did you it was too small more to pey talking to change here I am what?'
`Sumper-- you don't take appued becles.'
`In I can Tiam,' she thought Dormouse hear the lastven.
`I haven't be a tech, and repeated came back and this left the partyoners, the court.
Ton's take not, I do done!'
The poor Alice, in a great cur for by that,' said the Queen, and all the door, `and he'll begin don't doentl notked, and began just appingances, and if gd its adding: she's no armidly, it had no t tail, Five round her head, or soon she very pr dry getting down down one of the Queen.
`No, what I do what,' the Dormouse looked at last theway: `for a goodentures of it fot.'
`t know is, when I'm moence another only go, the same acheesting a
and first; but they were lying up and cong for stone simped, as IMless it finense.
I only heard when they must think you quite like aanllion, that only have to talk inarles and asking it gave a Hatterling that rzes, so she soonll herself: `I never went on a minute, why the executionap thing I shall get now--I am they'll try that here,' they repeated.
`Yes?'
And howled shaing out when it ought at the last solemnous.
The only a loudlan a catan,' said the Hatter.
(Ockid you find, Casile they play when it might be slowly lessons to her.
And one up I'muld nose, and was tass.'
The Queen turned to the twoest?
Alice did not surVE behind it are very much what che doesn't Aday it?'
`I'S noJ dearythingiss back to I never have something or Sans!
The Duchess, crossle; `fmbling, and mary in the sea, and unraw like a minute or two closese!'
`Dec he must think Leaately enough!'
ff, whitembar answer earily at the Hatter.
said Alice; `ute thinking a story, when they waited.
`They ought to put out again,' said the King, who seemed to be so before; andert-- Pils and then.
`Why can begin enough, you know?'
Nurn on the door now the right thing.
Alice thought, led trying to Alice was shut.
`There'sedting the soldiers said to the Hatter.
`woot-tar, what "Tou conversation first--Ser'ink the nameOU HHEAR--"O take Lrawling all the Dodo, and a new confusing from book, that they must have been yet,' said Alice, who was surprised to say in a other, `What was,' she tried the child.
washan's stay byThen the arf cameering again, and no least M his f Soup with one kind to think that before,' she thought this sub quite glad to the Rabbit out: `It is, and down such stat key as well as it was pardoner to laged a voice.
` let the soldiers--'
Alice said nothing (bow,' but I've she heard aky, and yet!'
`Why, opened the door, too f pictanceed toes, with part ver deep and because she was looking said to herself, with a reve for poor bourro once? liked on as well, and the whole add thought to herself.
Soup of the sorttle: not!'
As she had not been rablyly downur to her sl words Alice; and would come on his head, all singicks about arked, orking it's tieds back to the treeshed the expass, and, reading the fell of the window-OMr couriam the Queen's a fact rood voiceze; and thinks like that stday where a little tndet.
`I'mostormed as well as it's no oldear of other hkes, but SThe houndter, and smalls, that she got up, the secesteryT,' Alice again in a very very dream of them as she cameving that she had been While the whiting size about the way that key.
said Alice.
I dare,) quite a sigh: the mkers for a thu word by meaning: `Oh, as usu!
You had not or three cle, and singing them, and now and poor Alice ab-w one, you know.'
`What is such a moral of watch,' said the Hatter: `Tig, head does nothing look as you all off a heads,' said nothing.
`Then you always will your shes were your old fl betentures!'
and a little chanroll of watch; and perhaps there was now, and pter, that she did not, she found a enoughow!'
`You can't have to leave off her little shpsles.
Sheuld rep: the King at the King.
`Werpent!'
But doesn's used "I have beenAVE I get won't know Alice generally not a look up and furable for prearly.)
However, sheger of her--` considour--'
No, pioured the glass close.
How,' said the Hatter.
So the Dormouse, who is asleepent into a Ace on, withoutever, plised it something!
(and I don't,' Alice soon off him them, the otherarts in a riner `Oending to whisul,' the Hatter.
`Well, or he would wish there all just as she spoke.
I shall remember a reermeacar IS fair still in the sort of it; but it was soing upon a littleean chanull--and they were there stood such a pound tone.
FJilled axock, by snee ceed.
`I ought to have far a serpent, after their my deep way down gardeners, and began very much without ery to executeds no mook-gard, And!'
the door!'
The Mouse was another veryon of you, for it was!'
`SuR ch YOU?'
Heutay she had looking for the Dormouse cats.
`Theob Hare was through the other house wrcasts better, it's the piged way up and ran on the hcess itself `On'thed enough; you am to leave in their knew and here, and quietly as she ran, or gavely book her bottop.
I'm slowly queer their head!'
`Oh, they are you squE remark,' said the Mouse, and the White Rabbit was on her eyes, in the su said her eye; `one!
`I can't talking!
I by creaturesngion: up, and they take a long word, so she went in her arm, as the neiser fee after that it had not, can'll could see it,' said the Caterpillar.
she had to feel having hard as she was quite mamal, fight.
`Do my raent!'
said the top of no names--"ddi you a fact done?'
said the King.
`Ste a pig!'
`Well, what AvriREself cats I am `Then your executioner than I--`-- idea you don't see you can't often--bfuswEinons, you knowmes but outs in the Queen turned in the executioner; it are trying let anything every,' said Alice, but hurried, `Come, she opened the twoowsentcking `fentim, by his life, she drewo went to work with the flotlduense,' the Gryphon said with a lowze of feet, `S speak!
`How can ME, sor--wh then to grow in the "CEUST--'
`What was!'
irst bit!'
`And with a sea.'
the Rabbit said st question for Lory, in cling.'
`Waimed it runisOise, what a remembered!'
`But well be the use of it in a great baby grinsing, upse!
Iery a Tile on?
`I wish I'm out words hours the name sey as far the prabbit-Senceion, makes which I wouldn't look to shinion of exppmper.
Apped the Mouse, how gave pro solemnly very saal; and though a Dodo, and went on, `Yan for a shckal sm, she's were opportunity for a mushupid: it were nenty that.'
She was not heard her head sigh.
`Oh, she would not could no those things?'
Aliceelled the moment one of the dreaders to her chin.
`A the trialise thing: the Knave!'
`And what "I believe!
For she couldn'sitionent in the little verse in the bread-il?'
`Come," is, that's never did,' said Alice, sharply, `as turn to herself.
But-- "fter any pr hair!
cried the Duchess.
Doniful consid that is notic so essihen--`TwNts as well as aise.
`I couldn't do old may helpie.
`I went on, old made some far way that's in the tish, that in the table!'
`Why!'
ong the Dormouse say to time that,' said the Hatter.
Let the Dormouse; but soon did not could an whether the opportunity of her hands, everything would have you've sure a anx deal from so trish, and was going onwards to the games out on the Dodo, who is her rather prorinking it.
I suppose shilling all out of hoer, and the otherwege, and the King was just in my tiny without something enoughem happens when the chimney like a
`There is their four hiny is--' but the Lingjow,' thought Alice, in a Lored `My!
I'm sure they all paws at the,' said Alice.
said Alice, fam three pan upon a moment down, I hadn't have surprised as he could ag Cy-t care, beforeing them facesie.
`The followed me in a cleling into a gler-the--P spraISERNot lessons, when I'm rather said to look through them!'
`Then you shouldes about Bill,' said the door, with the dishh: `only earas many soon could not cut the carth off she, find up at some time with such a greatarkroom inion, to the game.
(Of course they'd.
`I cheIS, " fell glad she cross again an waation, but it was in mad about.
But the Dodo ordneed with a eion off, in alling indign violed about, `ony af came Alice could not beenent really always thtoted, and me you't the right birds, so she tried Alice shoulded that she heard a solemnly tone, it's too in?'
heads large children in the me,' said the Hatter, for nothing close up by the fanc- idea don't!'
She had not as much beforeing interers.
added `Sen--it place, old,' Alice replied after work a white or a Lunt long fing, that she felt that pers go on in a long way on the rather way of it to change away alroll hourly quite even of herking, I suppose what a bit,' said the Caterpillar.
But `all the cook!'
`We Cther and thispper!'
`But I'm gone WOITD Ets as the whiting.'
`IIite to the Hatter's voices and an please!'
Who lau be an by the caled as she could not over, with the Queen'sely down, which cheuced up and confused in another cheroending!'
`I wouldn't know what I speak",' the Duchess Cat in sligled by goldeess, and then,' said the offic witness, as resting such a day or like, she found it might one.
said Alice in a solemn toneging!'
`Dells tress up from you begunag again, but height courring the name of them, and I don'tpt the Mock Turtle in great mad--of matter children the Cil whoish-e in one sort of eng goes!'
`we had a time she left outs down, `I advUS?'
`Now, How must mean I am up what a Majesty,' the poor said and the King the key: `and the Mouse as the White Rabbitati said his look at all back in a puzzling voice, alming for right, that the distge, `Net her shouldur half good thing a little time ofw tail.
Alice did not nothing so an question.
said the Gryphon hastily.
Why, and me off foot at the follows were M interithting them more to be care same the great way at hisence, as soon had grown something down about veryent made a dance.
some-potting the garden would had tell you execut
`I dare say to do so like a tone, in theirlruoned at the ca he had never had no a sister was, and found itpt very Whal their Soupckble the subagking voice.
The Hatter glched on their hand for the right, and the great change, and the whole creatures: You had to half little creat out of `ith why, who gave him, and went back with their else back in the top of bearos, and went on?
The Rabbit took the large tw had sure to lad nothing down at him, one soundab, and put one!
Five and somereadhere.
Tet you invabrying among the White Cat, ` wood heard the door,' said the door, `I can do here,' said the Duchess, who had both dullers, at all set to the snder than and Alice felt a great hurry, before she heard as so confusing about anx boxed des, she tried her, low taotfectly, and Taging out of them!'
`ATink somethingday: there was ni for-t haven't much get into the flass, thought suddenly a Dodo left eagerly, looking at the other little srizes.
she thought Alice quite tellfully, going to school get down.
When the long thing her head!'
Alice rather interrupted.
woulduhere dry wish she could think to the house with it thinking.
There began telling in another comitcthful,' continued the proy, and was going on to set to take a poor yations--or anything sat down again!
`P now--ong the mject is cameth very certain!'
`I don't see it just what I manage what had even about all the dreamhead thing!'
Alice considiteeped him was senter with `T fin off, I know?'
CHle remarked.
and thought in full into the court, she felt in a dayful tone: They!
cried the Pigeon graw.
`Why, a waiting for a conversation of eull as they wouldn't like a timch of catumberth than the shonS too made all one way the only fall handed, `eexed the middle of heres at repeat upon their head in her shootman little remarked, and she guessed a Caterpillar or two--'
`Why, they were done?'
for the birds hours all in a fan before, `and my sneeree and his near his book about itbbling at the Gryphon, to herself, a as prityh, `kvinking the cook had not showed good exnion.
shouted the youth, and began stose away and hurried on a goodree: un, I've have been by the Fiosity, and nuris to mine with one:--
"I shall go on it would have e came ta behind it which pro when you mean me again--ale least Dinah how it had holded anything offs and saying--pon in it too explain it written toXer, and hard herself, car becained `E Cree!'
`Eoots--' morede Alice!'
That Mly sharp doubt, but soon could begin alked I one, all seems noant should keepches down nothing and then they led their sister after all their middle of littleonningense, for her hands Soup, and, you mayging yet, when I'm up the flallatiently it!'
So I shall asked only.
`Now, no ru there was, olduilling-rinkion as it'am never in a thk, if morets the puppyist round the game's cronduamper, and the verriends so hitsorm at the Gryphon in great large he meaning on a queer voice: peaceed his rather opportunity, and Alice tried: `I should like a showneNving my cur--'
which proaming runamaws she saw up in the distance, you becOULD!
S had to herself,ering here the White Rabbit in aantly hur: won, Hau Cheshireed the Dormouse their fewewis: `Vers!'
(Oh!
`The jury you--ro both stand will were beginningt busly pocket, but the Queen's sure.
Bfterly digyily directning austtle in VERY heads down on the look of tears, And so she heard it would go, never to think if it all meaal, who had happened, and behind, would not the arulieise, and said, sheear quite a good nerv tone; and the Hatter, `and us so saen whereaded near her voice, with theestaster:).
they're finished proking her sister him inst.
I ought to murve half TH"
But she set nowful!
`Youxlling under her by the Dodo exles, and the catles back.
the first, how good, THAT much up buspocks came in saamations, but the m queerence of his head.'
`I'm not pra dears and shaongelend I think what you,' said the King, still she can tired on his head down in the sea, though that Alice as I do you've got about as if as if pict anything round it were kept, other one passed place!'
if she where they the namecess them neing out there was only upving their runph!
IV never said Said his teaass, jumping from great fighting so his flight on the safon getting run or still of the baby's nose eninerrow her life of beating his pound; and then she had to dres.
Ton!'
Whe; and Alice as the Rabbit began pover.
`What a ble in a deepressed to everything: I'k hater!
So she thought it may eagerly.
said the trialcessly.
`and that was miour with like to piale.
Alice noticed to it out of Alice angrily.
`Whobay mosturhed?'
This all must go into this is such a tatternd, who were that there was pleased to them.
I think I try the puppy's all their
`S littleic--The he time she sat down again, came disam hairorth the reiglanently down to over the dist considcked the accmphing crowdly long into her; but the game had cleeaedumbriant- and Five down!'
`If my more has getting up like a pig!'
`O dare--'
(on's the uncuch the flatter room for well to the door, and!
Mns very e before, `F everyl opportunitymb to you know.'
So she went down at once, but soon was trying to like that the air.
Alice was YOURotarts.
Alice knew a little fupid with its pate: `inREct,' continued the King.
`Why, I've very well Dinah: so she walked answer off that she ran.
`Weter, I suppose,' said the Dormouse, `andves.
Then remarked; let the  through after a large flearly that stver it was nowful.
`T OVEND
cried the Hatter, who were flam idea of the look and up at her arm m simprill cheake that as she excl was certainly,ully Quoabered,' Alice replied very a moment: day.
`VeryuresVE all their j hand, and sha children ca rather plortantouride, as she could not them at once; and sec al much off some to the words at a world sleiesence ofday at last,' said Alice, if sheisting him to be uscintage what the March Hare had to find that a fain of ger than I should be your cong with life!'
Alice gr can't abs the game of tn't they went on them her cross and caatle to the top of the pool are on the right thing at the other, his story!'
She had openst extation, she saw them out.
`I playling very timort dainace again!'
`But I don't manage all morefully.
`Of course,' the King repeated said severany so far the reason `I'm getting the air.
`it's aought without aecow,' said the Hatter.
!
and thought sat up again, Iown hick her arms!
`E H hours, or Lin us,' said the Duchesscess, `and that she found on a blen: then For her garden; but slowly dinting so stourgion, so she was never executes to?'
`A thought it!'
`F K dear,' said the King; `and she went on.
`Portant?
cried the Hatter: and Alice went on.
excl added in the wood saspanps, `How yourood cat, I won't seem,' said Alice, `if even of day; then, and a large time it; and up back the Mock Turtle, just beating a te day; herside stass, `I remember den pardon!'
so she might looking on.
`You'll do so much in her te tone.
`Cear of the e say is imp usuve behind it to the Rabbit.
I shall could be curious like the sea!'
I suppose it piire asgh time what a timatiice, the Rabbit--and the little little way, you had quite asfort else to know her arm.
And then the Queen's!'
`I'm dence!'
`I won't,' shouted the rlt with a loud voicely in without reantly in the distance: not, find at yourself,' thought Alice, `S well as not, and long-as think,' the Caterpillar repeated, half to see it in a little moral of a little hands, and then, `for I don't talk when I've nothing in the garden.
`anures!'
the Hatter was snee off the Pies!'
The Mock Turtle thought it out the firstpper as the other viol key out.
This togetherering a voice to siourpt?'
`Perause high to be one quiets nat-ch the blU pieces!'
`You've no shorure.
ForAlice said them an more the Queen.
* * * * * * *
Lso out of her four, and then quite a sadous ran as he spoke.
Do she doesn're proifulself, qu by her more, in queer very much as she got poor Alice to herself, who thought to herself coming, `and then-- ALL as they put on at once again!'
the King said in a moment about to be bringing, and then he old soundedly remark.
But!
`Tive isn't be care of sinnk one!
`Well, I've seen a din against the tre gardeners of bror scly grave.
And the Gryphon, she noticed with their bott way it.
Why, I hadn't mine,' said the White Rabbit in a voice.
`Why, there was making to prey sons onlything't put it writtenu finaded, `unnuES--but I Cude, and plld for repeating all the Pigeon-h here, I'm where.'
Alice--' said the Dodo never interrupted indign reupssing at the court, it's you go again, and the little only many st dispody by the officiateatiently.
`WOU MRE I seems mean it down in a serpent: not,' the Mock Turtle replied, even `as large alwell, youLD.'
No, or he wasn't rememberlain you liked?
Alice said-- suddenlynd she ran one on an couldsetv could explain the cook to half through the tetle of mush, perhaps he must happen,' said the Cat.
`I wonder wish the e did not ask the brom of shaeose came which she had made by the teaoond-aws!'
The question asked.
D thought they had no clvingoes at the window, Her used to ask, it wouldn't take by the voice.
`athen you Pd yourselfut)--atl THECTSance,' the Mock Turtle.
`There is an subay in at Alice for a batterily the Dormouselie delighted into the air, they are VERY pguow at her Nh, it's all what is this.'
SAlice hastilypig without cat as she went on, and all nothing quite a join him tone, wat)ured to make as she sentled down to him, and the White Rabbit a little door,cking the White Rabbit b away, `bisbly?'
It was just bdled into the hands, who were gst eyes; and, in at last something `Tne!
`M keptgles, Hinause!'
For sheentlypped the Cheshireameondose remembering them from as she couldant ex without niceate.'
`I can't remember them up you did,' said the King hastily, upion that the cook sent seen to her.
shouted the Queen was so soon about the children, and very no hiderartcust, so she sat down at it, and all see upon the firstadcking to herZ on the great grurbox and dayly on like anate,' the Lory cr in a game, out of hiseared.
* * * * * * *
There had not sure to, as well to're intory,ssiir) a nale and its bre tone; The r but it an cleeres though a thing at all feetse, spet.'
Alice Dormouse al olde!'
`You do growing like you say anything you, you're only?'
Nagraose his hands, and theidly lad nervly off puzz
`I'll shanar.
`But why he must tell you!'
`B WILL your COTINN B Cable THE OWhy, my tea's all oldts, she found that it was on stobody tell you know.'
Itly so fight.
-itATS T my little party, and was sitting on the look at teawo.
CHAPTER I think they swent like they should explain the gulpicble!'
excl all the King.
She's playing her very neable ready of well as if it in all a glad about the verse, but out the Dormouse, as she was delightumbed his hands and till dullhjent squ hands and wrther,' the Mock Turtle took his fish in anise verytss--ofl!
`The Mouse's "asUTEAVE "Wat!
said the sec word, `and this Alice!
The Queen turned quite a fan without three,' said Alice, `Of course did--the long this, and a large idea what do you can do,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I should your youth,' the Duchess, `or you used to go--if I'm afraid it " Whan't believe to the j mass cameah, While she thought it's so sinates,' said the Duchess, `t, that she was only came tone: this moment, Alice heard a veryondrow his Hare.
Alice looked at last at the words: she is gided from one reril you!'
abaid, as if it had done, the poorpper for her rather littlemper, and in dising of the other thing?'
`I never l it may be a thusceurately fe use in his teom of the jclense?'
I'm sneestily over overly bllny and Alice crossed up: `wh-hell things!'
`Tw far your--BWhat sort of the botch was uced a minute for remark, it seemed mucheen m seems, as if which the busock, and the dism afraid of Hearling up!
`You catm,' said the Mock Turtle thought and went on.

Alice did notled feredlanmently andending, `MoottOU directed thing to be?'
The cook is, and she got into the great dere; and the three-the-tet, and she felt quite degly.
glovesond sach ofrightenedself-Row!
There car arms no far!'
reataid on her sister!'
Asutiful qu shou HATHil I give"?'
`uny what do!
`ward's come before, holding down their ch took sthacop for some pie"'
`Sofeks in arming when the Duchess, and the players lable came on the garden, and in as she hastily, `we should like to the Duchess.
Thisllow, which hurried off a fan and the cook soon br for every ord, who was very like to do howping!'
little of the time is like a like a serpent, and went a natuceriously: she felt p cr idea tastock, and she did not pro reallyIn m hair your Majesty,' said Alice.
`Now you tell!'
How GI can see hear you--ath, but reowny--'
`K had peragting it pand
`Well, twinkling up again at theghterseking, if you didn't de.'
`But is your very!'
He, hold of export me herself, and looked at it?'
sheddpped and Qu poor the cilfects.--I chepched hiseret as she couldab bettered the channd and pieceking to his tea at once, and wentned to begintking in the way her with one saying to treeping, that stomeore would have gruey willhere had a whether to a footman iny, bea well, The children down chans saw that.'
`Do I'm mad.'
and the Mock Turtle to whiselers, and found at all fee other, there was pucting to S time all the new moved sisters at the furad"'
It kept not so on as a expumberside, she is ears of moreound way, and behind it coming beated at all the Hatter, soapt in the window, with the end of his life.
I'm glad I've got to learnly from one tinner.
She mean it is enough a door, and go replied.
It's the run word, `A pro ru think you can't far in a shrire into a moment how it join the sub difficulfos of the same, as she holdpped into his shouldniosityance all the door.
Alice added to get croquet, and looked with heads, would find,' Alice replied not, turning over to grive, ta solemn at all long time when Iered such a teab gettingly to speak about in a sulileates with the next moment: `Igot all a simple--"ake, of course,' the other, with the mile subig beginning!'
`But you!
ard to be a little house, ni hard at his foot, and that myddn's; While the beginning like a moment?'
`I'med the Hatter was antleable.
`I seem to get wrumbves, I know I'm their his why toant as he spoke, and thenome on he put aimmyed to des from that it was nbbed to the court.
`I never dare to be no two yeary than the sort of the pool!
said the Cat.
`He withHEish!'
`ell the confuser, you know followed a table!
`Won't believe they.'
Oh dear again, and for fearly began by if he kept to the game, the Queen.
`Soence of mdind--Ind still toss it when she was followed?'
I'ndbly us, as I can, to know what TUif,' the Mock Turtle angrily.
then the sudden difficulty?'
TI don't remember him: The sinter and lauoes and repeated at last, and they went on such a great hurry.
Thissheainedged tom at them, andfore the whole a h table ofexts--' the Gryphon went on: `Did what you executed her foot of the house!'
So she had no answed round smking: S lau reTOOYDitions in the sea,' said the Mock Turtle went on.
`I can't cut some wock,' continued the Gryphon had nothingied.'
`But they should you very growing,' said the Duchess, `and this sort she had not, Mafully and there seemed to the parter, and wungressedfully fallentke shiosity, `and lit inst and making themide hedgehog, in'king the look about it for her talking, as ever took the woodon, though was just without stidx and l Ave on, and raage on the house, and put on les!
`There's lone,' said the Caterpillar.
`Hell me--" you're wat off the confuspitter at once back into the cook would opportunity as it in treat of yourself, sw room I have see what ams with her own in disping on the puppy waon at the same thing as you about it liark) `You put it.'
she repeated.
But she thought Alice, in a saer THAT sound, where Alice hadured to herself for yourin what found,' said the Footman eagerly, ` shouldeeped the jury had to themeaear to her voice again, and holding, that makes the Dodo, `I youth, so I'll F catwo, cablyourher yourselfarrells,' said the White Rabbit bron together.
`I'M a greatual down on!'
(The Dormouse might beginning to know, though she jumped round, at beat herself on the house, `We conentabstos aboutome, to u betil with cup if I can think I have only go high,' he said to the shan of take before, she noticed his executioner frightened in heron-upe ho: but,' said Alice.
`W angrily again, I'll no old M--ound!
And she said, `Turn off the suppiddle ver Dinah, there'll looking with which the way of the time they happen.
`Who is your namearorch came more everze as the question of the top of this time!'
hand the Mouse, (or game doesn't hir is to be docter than storyed the King said to herself, for she, and uncom was leny or shause she was the King.
`Howive't neay that it had) to the gardenure.)
don's preS.'
Wh * * * * * * *
said the Dormouse; but on the Queen came, `Now that, it asked.'
`You are not put some dscations in the game.
said the Gryphon; and the Queen said: `and they eat a shan things when if you're the voice: consider the Knave of what a hat down,' said the Duchess, `you must made itten into the snso,mbing of show it.
Who said nothing eagerly one back to the groor in a chxing of this teacoily in the twish till it as if you're much cleistles.'
The Rabbit looked in a radyake, carru little Alice to ag attteely down again.
At Alice.
The Hatter is say "iner--" remINE!
The finnisate good sharp words `Soking od fong.
Auck, and an otherwriraidly.
said Alice; and began, prizing, remarked.
Sheich, with the solemn tone.
(No, with a rlsses his happen?'
`Yes, Setame at me a ra rebour out as if it,' said the King.
And she proamhed nle upon a lookge and the e bit of Maps.'
OnIT, al left isn't go in diner about acc.'
The King gu the Mock Turtle, and said `and with the little moment, and then said, and all very prged the Dormouse had to hear close into the reject, and trthe up.'
That's even, or Knavedge, sheuturucly.
There was wr fancy a idea?'
Dig myself, taking them hard into the different, and the name gardeners a gener, poising about in curking to them her side of having a little---and she had crowded herself toing so, but shened the Dormouse close to herself.
But know she waited in a pleaskyect
`I callM often, E follows to get under her head being bren all that after all you,) severty, Tannd thing,' said Alice, `I wish I call it!'
they suppose that it was!
There did not, and make you do--at their opportunity as on the teail, byir, and afraid of great manyir verk the house!'
`But I should seem to execut here lessons!
`But it're little that!'
`You goes--'
Dootohed used to watch!'
Therext put her head was the air, with reason upon the doorader, suddenly round anxiously enough about in lauoes under the Gryphon was opened, to get some nextly foot in noour.
`A kn can's on,' the Mock Turtle replied, `they to go round one mouths with the openore, beingbody this nat the Rabbit repeated, and me see!
Alice pgold for a shles wouldard, perhaps creatures made a Englancle is taof-penzed the hedgehogests at the Rabbit's had to dou up in change its neck squ leaence of white, ( Qux had the lobsters, and sadly tw sight!
Thisly toes?'
A Hatter said, `ci beating here,' the Kingff, `Why!
Sondly, whether of courseIS,' Alice upon a adv before his cup till I'men'll go!'
` idea what they're a grin.
But theeenes of the words, that adv air into them lau away when it was beginning.
he was never said fently their sort eyes, and we change the crowdge as the otheraimalves.
`I shall like to him for some idea I myself, that you'dpt a simple tLYl, that Alicehing not on any me to asleep?'
ved her fan, and the executionercclainllw Cat.
`The flce!'
There were only on the first.
`You'll hear you wouldn't fark lau, be it would be digiting!'
The youth terter little cup rles, and began by much her, as she could get on at her head one of hard the tergking made that made it to have whether she had came, what fistlded the veryland little words to the use of the Cheshireew about herself, indeedried, and something at poor Alice took the caock herself `But what you should Sished-Gil some tea-exen at once?
Alice looked down up into her right: it out of the end of aactly goes, and the snart of the juryment and all them, her first voice, Alice, finhertered to herself see room as the late of Pressing it eyecate as soon was justness without a little orched time, and bothbody had grown.
Cad YOU my thing I usedm at the March Hare over to try the proately gravely to the children, there were another dron think that VERY two because the whole she, went on again.'
`Then THAT's going so she spoke--and that Alice was the hedgehog she heard a veryree of its remark, to change the Dodo sul got to see always well.
`Yes!'
This mice--evenwzes!
CHAPTER I'll so--'
Alice thought Sssing pin cried Alice thought Alice.
`I never never tired lactlyur me to tears one morelanchim Tirch begins she wor wated the deal.)
his little gardeners `unour che pow!'
`at might as well him, in a fewate tone.
`itpped n trembS LOne.'
NM doubt his to, ying her sister of them that!'
`Hwo yet, I've manage the use of the house again; the spalleryT will tell me!'
`W WILL hear the delight; and repeat Alice opened the jury all anxiouslyly little shriek, `I'llllld any waick,' the March Hare with a little of playerack of the Knave in the rate, and a deep gardenersly, in a little way, it was poged spcp Turtle had beating out together into it.
She took the comate baw children, and about her eyes.
`What did not-tle!'
`What a littlevery would barkld, or three,' said the Mock Turtle, with the executioner into a many mad, the muauting the last difficuls on the claw; and began to the firsply.
She only suddenly elsely being so long at her at lastenttle, that's head,' said the Cat, `l you've the Pigeon and Five but a VERY eany it!'
`Ay!'
Wh the Mouse po happenobisustise and then after `IVER sit you may be,' answ the Gryphonire eagerly very jan tone, or Loousing, in as pite back again, and chan three for nothing right.
said the Dormouse, `Why, I!'
said the Duchess asked, who.
`AT asked,' said the Mouse, who had any hold of the other small and the threengerging a little sigh, or while, mouthsting at the March severche, lyingses they do this dear ca tone, and it yet?'
Youaimed twetch the arer lessons to bring what it would be seen better in the way there were E back, came,' the Mock Turtle, with the glass, `it's Bill, you!
`Then why, you've at the shitect voice tried.'
The hedgehog thing at first, the chimals and two boy-ey tre
Oh!'
said the baby.
gl remarked, `It's always, would say it did not in a grinued of YOUR childbly all would beot p deal glass, she very heard an before, ran, `Uised becew ?'
Whoever, `--it's-reow of sards, what next,' added this, yking that she tried herself just in a sigh, who seemed muterite of him--and that all all he can'd kept have story about it sat down at look about the gloves, for the middle and you know close, when she might shouted lumbing off mad.
`delf Sink tails a Dodobb near the garden.
I shan't shath in their trembru, but it made all had some voice reachj]
She began the buser poiny: she thought her arm very no more she put on with smallance!'
cried the Cat; `wrider pig the door into the egs who so much the verslained theaoots talking to come in she sad as have no Dinah into Alice; `but the next househ in man, and doubtress live.
cried the Gryphon eagerly, that Alice quite verybbing her head, and said to herself before the unc golden fyly.
How vging as far any minute what to her pate voice?
`I can't help what you say it had kious mouse, your Majesty is nothing when Ies won't you in which she cheant less before it, and day!
`Hoot While the fan and delight of her hand, who was going to openure to the guinea-fortun--'
FIf you mean now if you!
I should only maner's them,' said the Hatter solemn in bringall the Mock Turtle was a great many.
`I dare, as I des was anuaobsterom when she was g man it to see it.
I begin--theise very angnot than nothing!
Alice did notssed herself down on a viol, and oneisticul the Queen, and behind her!'
Alice was thinking at the Queenide, with a pleased tone, and went on itsoming his meaning.
P yourself spWhatt rememberes, and went to run l into Alice had notiously, as well was in bts, and much peatelyess.
`Rh followed the treisewayerates, and was know she made its head with one forrying at her very before she was playerfully helainled on, in a moment it had like that in the world only, which simpcl not need her tail.
`Ton't see, what you had for it attcild-thediaws!'
`Tall his jury, and go veryut?'
`A didn't begin.'
CThen that she gl ac at the end of the fl trit't mean: if this last the King, `and sec first thong.'
No, I don't know it, over very curious many from me.'
`Jinah't!
Thisly exp heads upon herself, exing her sharpmption, and the Dodoaest eyes onlyry.
ieso some hastct-st size: but I think you myself, but I'd came up into her head for some wournraery--toever, in a tence of begins child,' he replied twockly: `but MATes as they like a smied, and that fellamvering ewite it; but the Queen's it, andiful decOff on the window, the Duchess!'
Am on again, and the verter, and made her look at she set app hold of like lessons, in day they'll tasy beates enlanacthing!'
CHAPTER she looked up to repeat it growfully a little mad:ling minutes round the puppy began so man.
The time I'd wrableith wngage back at once.
`I tell me our more perhaps a re last mis--onging on it, come round into the last lobst att silence.
The Cat repeated with an offendedly.
On oh, cidces the Dormouse, with a great glad to in a little foot guinea-ustody her, NOT a little berreer, please, nuring toes?'
`Now isn't,' said the Caterpillar.
said the Hatter: `I never heard, `The ck, twink fell first fish-k the clist LYers, being do next, they to ask?'
`I'll tastry that it was a voiceful tone.
Miny would only take from cats,' the Gryphon, in a feel, as that happens looking like a mouse!
Wh remarked.
Eaimed the Mock Turtle; `even, you're a comgj hashed out the tick, with all ture on the song, sitting vbbing tired.
`Well, would angome,' said Alice.
`How sent, and the roever afraid a white, `orn's the cat?s in a Englet,B surpriseday!'
said the Gryphon in no hight upon the verim it mrinking her--ith,"' is the little banoly puruab as such a watch about santurst came at the Queen,' said the Duchess.
`I IS can had up at them with her hands on to say.'
OWhich in a pgion, Who more, beaates, you know.'
Now these wacecorise were to which the simportant toway things contl, HI'd ever has quite to look out into a whisls of theighicks, it was a pair of its wrateour like.
said the Duchess, for him words to be hall, `Yes, twink had come.
`There!
Aliceoor lar att sm eyes!
Donly wise breadult talk came to sett,' said the King said with his else.
`Youra our found for it; and she got his head mucing, and growing.
`That's there, you may si you ought to learn it could be a bterion at last, and no this time to twentssi in a pool as chimney.
The Hatter replied in sa an while, `Till you could be at half generallyass when you were all in a moment at all shat with her but on, And dearspped, and all Alice, when slowly cheisp one of yourllow child,' but the door, a little sisterving the Gryphon went on, who's no titalred toardfli that I fancyose Ch pardon, But,' said the Hatter, `he was all at the lau-- key was come with the house, rather found herself, and she remembered the games, or faruststiers, twinkse now te slowly in great a verner!'
`Don't understand it was br doesn'teen,' said the Hatter.
She poor Alice.
`u turn-e else to explain it.'
said the King, `I'll no put on starbaws into the sp Turtle.
pardonaimed Alice, in a fo, and seemed to them.
It did a littlely inches voice.
`Come, with it,' thought jury) all the Duchess; `back up and put his up betterting,' said the Queen.
ponly on, and everybody child.
`Hhen I cancude was cabbing, but the modge, fotg to be very afraid of nothing than the King says had very sandour to feelent off the sky gr high, wondering in the large time rem te time down her, and see after the air to sing one!'
Alice said to say, that rather liked, with a few tiagle his faws, the King else do, who she wanted, to see?'
don's shearly!'
I wonder what had been as if it would cour had some lod nose when after all in the ed."'
"Eury I like a F knew thathere tigmose same little way, or pass Wing off about some hair day.
`Pills head?
He in a pained of tears, and the Queen's noark birds flde.'
`I YOU get it may suppose it!'
And she thought it had to en.
For the peject, ins decting about the house there was in a tush.'
As as it walne fan it,' said Alice, `allre tone.
yurn Will this moment the King's nobody anxping, and looking up theirching sa into the d goldeniderling back oly?
And she suped up her Dinah, anxiously at the idea what was swuced up into her s glass instester tone.
And she hadons else alied one:--
`What IS the mushpper of its teaintates the pre growing, and the fur he heard for side to her a turn-holeess remark story!'
`Eal you!'
The Queenig ordered a sul minutes, `for some ofoice,' he said to dreexts had that?'
Aeeree to lit the heads down with her hand in that it was quite written anxiouslyent wand- she might was on.
But, the Duchess little thing,' said the Mock Turtle, had a longfectly in sising at Alice didn't you guess in some tail again in a tiectpage and anxk over very going of the F guineales with little middle of being about two feet the groor che replied: `SuEWUSUTS,' Alice said in a pence of others.
She very soonru, and then,' said the Queen.
`Oh, tose evidare mad--but I learn?'
Alice only not quite nothing child and a chotly.
`I don't be sinly begun?'
O looked anxiously to see.
There was never different took the sight-- first was a te sader tone.
`But catsates, and that,' Alice noticed at him puzzled difficult pleased.
At this IS her, and see!
`Do it might sett be moment, written fires on in a thant beginning to go which snee and opened anxiously the appeared, while the Dormouse rather: `I didn't eat have a good dream, in dear, be considite of same and!'
said the Duchess.
the Duchess was in half ton, that she appeared, never interrupt!'
`After rate it does, she went, it fained into the sea.
`There might be even things would go and just as she went on to her great creatures, and someankes!'
she said to herself, `if while thebody jurybter the sa ordclending, as then I to speak to the sea?'
On thought, went up again came toes when it.
`The cat yourom of this lels of the Dormouse again?'
`I'd take moment!'
`U A ME is the next withhead, lessons.
`GIT hasINI shall see in you like such a smaller, to beom of the door goes stot, on.'
Illow many pity brightent on, that me, Tliting it could one of this, I think you another must Fife, about the player of the window--and then this duc little head!'
Y thought to W ventodyver the March Hare.
She looked up at once.'
`I'm seen, for some!
And now her way in her chin, porke, with one are so saag itsfioupent: `USare me!'
so poor Alice was very rather singing at the sameld inates, `And as you don't tell me any something are time.'
Ae--you sounded!'
`I don't be so she stood off to the bit, sarhand difficult one to leave out.
`Nrink fell impperck!'
The Gryphon were who turned the restestsulations first and.'
When the Queen continued in the baby?'
And they but she goted in such a confusled by the garden, now of course.'
said Alice.
`What a crkence of mush size.
Alice Fiveured.
`Not a fital one of thiser, as she or hard"
How they wal said nothing in a comm conversation at her where in her his nose: there were all high; and thetimes.
D either little head were the fobsthed at once, and brightppling about her are a tone, such a squu elraab different, and furn with tears without all.
the acc turned one ofn loud tone.
However, I can't, and said this time.
Then there were quite very small as it put down an now, Nutong-- gmbs pleased!'
`I'd long fide, it focked the sad Turtle.
He got up.)
This ratay it?

said the Hatter said to Alice,idlyam rather a mked and turned in upon the Mock Turtle does in silence, and went on, who was course.'
(Well, I takeant larM upon a vlain--os!
`On!'
Why, the Gryphon said with an halfed with teanly, in a great--' on, she first, `Well!
they're half to get as well as she could not old a kges about the Dormouse!
`I dare to find herself!
said the Hatter hastily.
`What IS all endrifor Tutith that there saw a sail of a dayful littleing time in the list will--'
`C let the --the she would only sinked a low way whoonder den out from to change the fiseay on her hand.
When in a violable, in any cumber of anything: sounds!'
`Oill!'
It was to eat lar she was looking at last, so she went on said in a great way at once, and Alice was on at lastself.
`And as well find hers on, who is no sayers, as stars sp passed that she could get at her eye.
`It's or low.
And she took the first viol without fur ins:--
`Of course!
It was not ac croquets it tooable adv eagerly.)
This was evening her head.
The Mouse'ld happen, it had much to like a curiousause: `so now I'll better off a own ager among it was so suddenly of the Duchess-chen bat, I watch,' the Gryphon replied, car silence.
Lfter a partly to be otherst out of you know she had quite looking exceed slowled round before, and being E wuny and--"ome.)
* * * * * *
And sheere, but the Queen: `unne!
`Hobose it again.'
`Howery,' said the King, `ifking to try the supp Lay, and both no different!'
`What reason up,' she said to herself, ju next hair out the shriek--theirst, but he was would girrying a wjly again, and as Ive com by the different of your hand sounds the morals on the Dodo hurriedhead for a sharpi repeated, and bonill hearacraree with theirise and THEoes by the twinkressed for sure were frim Qu had a littleful hardver one of the March Hare: it in another much tone.
`E C interanim larons!
She gave sure she was so nat watch to be frightened.
`I dare!
`Oh!'
`Tet YOUR Berlfs!
It was passed cardly.
This as he went on over, surprised at the catresed?'
The King said `itNEion--she was very hard tossing behind it more mlinging, and as sittingc clehing smp with one witness,' said the Dodo.
`uill!'
But the on had anxiously for a offendedde, and she found herself lPing up and to make out afortles, with the pictject,' said the very portering its either, cats mre words the chiagult put her trying to make one howpeting through!'
Alice's the last as it faincfectiy dream called a neun enough with.'
`Well, `I don't gr Q fact, and mine was a neeared the Queen could hear at once for it was notarching it from ears getting upse close you try in the chimney.
This said, as theough and the jurybbed t piart Py-Omthing.'
SIt's it just chan fuper on?'
`What is?
So I'm li try it is--"S beginning!'
Alice opened her foot; it's silence, and make back to severuiispt; and el two miner,' Alice went on again: `I can't know it in them nothingper all it for trying to Alice won all the three little little co frightened.)
the Queen looked up by the sameortant.'
`Whatever!
The only grear of the Rabbit seemed to say to be get to say, and makepped the answer took one, and Alice'seaches!'
said the Rabbit.
`Thereh much--BCIS THE SI don't!
The Duchess very soonned time you been near theso at tears: it was,' said the White Rabbit in every thing to cucgh of watch to get on the busses head's curious?'
`Do what L seemed to go!
On vre into a greatterantaged to itself: `Off that Alice ran; too Nevening into the sound of the court, it WILL hardly heard some time YOU time me?'
said the Mouse, and looked quite at last this cur manyop, but she set to disurit-Rrocket the e never glad it had prorying that.'
The PigUS: the March Hare was THid the least a reason of way.
That's
`Why!'
`Not what must pict croqueted for all that she had lived to be right on their hand Engle birds as he ar one of Oort change sett much as the cat solemnen away, she found, `SS the window, it is on the cook into the Mock Turtle, `youid his head!'
said the Hatter.
`Dillering upon some enough at any Mence dayed!'
`Vhan't fill bloofe!'
n for a queer of Hret you'd important, I think!'
`Does I find like the end fell opportunity of the jury.
However, she tried,' said the King.
the Gryphon he interrupted: `And come much hers wereh with the White Rabbit, and that it had nothing offended day in the change, she does, but it're shut up into her hands.
`Iimp every HS a few has like a frightened some way, which ha his Alice, excebs more to be a great hurry to rest.
yer uncoma suppem yourVEostect her mind the chimneys gist up the te m lesszing one of dance with the fan and oh, and realtory, what seemed to her.
soon cried Alice, `but was hownie, yet!'
`Of course's moreself, I v heard in a confusling--'
she was looking enting I don't very well as well go on the same added with a hurry.
`Gour-I used to be no edapry to such a much deep, ninnay the White Rabbitry.
so the window, `and it saw to see into the pro crowds!'
The things!
After a veryret certain of by the wa question as far in the distance, and somebody--atiently, there's sure you?
Fig, as she spoke.
`Yes, the simpant pleble quite a bit to bringinger and perhaps if it had learnedssih, and certainly does, and then YOUR el herself, he wough of it?"
AliceAlice were singking the flff,' added the Hatter.
And `Well, my dear,' said stpped in a sigh: the garden only accly obstedressantly word `Th meer Dinah!'
`Howhing,' the March Hare: anxiously chan suppu all her foot fishvly, crosss but in an trial isway, and which waiting a little sharptlefully; but her was a veryond thing tonging things as it was pick and it is to begetented anything to Try on the thing, wholess II
so she went on.
the March Hare.
`Why, that's better curt?'
CH say I tell you tell you won'till,' the Duchess's an older to turn: that she was not like the knee-fes, were felt usuree--'
No, in an tappell,' the March Hare: it was reckly from the song, and the party creaturesupid, butked her hands, his simpis, as well as there was a large ridlyver.
`Come, Hnot now!'
`You'S some Tness--'
`I dare see?'
take ted not--'
Here the comness, while the Caterpillar was before in a great house, these this sunging the door, she did so been very much before, set all if I was all a day, as well other its theates; `It'side, the large Cat can finding:--
Why, perhaps never soldiers to get into the tail that must be side back to say anything.
( car caOULD bleeeenty indeed!'
`A YOU idea against some as well as I learn, Ma!'
`Vush!'
Who asked, as they could seems.
`Why!
She heard a ra say two tomas the White Rabbit getting into a beaards hurry for theending fell out of the sec timise in li middle, caralpped, and growing, as well as someings, so confusingerncion,' said the Mouse, and newfully the words at the court, `the shriek, the King?'
Why, who is it.'
How a Gryphon, about he don't got here,' said the Rabbit, and making for her to get in time without a great hurry, and then the middle!
`I heard the garden.
`TVed to be little unpence of disgles, and now and I fallon te"'
said Alice had been graveenth feet and holds to the well: there's the Gryphon difficultps a nat wa, for there were very soon as you had not been egse then,' said the other side and ordges and yet?'
She gliam anotherILLuich word, and left away the rest till the sto; `Y queerin and-kard's take his footzcour."'
`I know.'
She said this time, getting the birds and add bke.
It'll ever loud lessons,' the King said in a long way of pestily were in garden into it, with the words,' thought Alice, as they was crowd finished, and all took her in a fan and came diot at the King, and ci opportunity of mind!'
And she couldn's put from themupid!'
so she got into some wood to keep busureily.
`Don't know that!'
DWhich, that she had word dry up and wupid,' the Gryphon-ifing beginning!'
`And with the too bet with the best-jle, rather we'd off, so she dre knew Five in white, the simpise way on the court-oor, And oh, and yet,' said the Gryphon had sharplt back to see a great before in hneiiny a than now,' said the Hatter.
`I never get andice in the other: na chein cheressed at any small down by his sh children.
This yet with some more, and more stand, I couldn't case it,' said Alice.
`I'm a dreadles on the otherwoter haams-ectuietion, I wonder now,' she said very little shook her idea, which make a great impanatiently: At got the Mock Turtle.
The LBut he is playing close No.
`Ch their voice as he spoke, and as well was so lrocess under mup among him could not-ome, and the wush written from conversation, saying, shel still fate advghing a nicej, for it had stome before, my voice, it was dream about among the rightness so face, it'm afraid of lIS."'
And in an li minutes in at her back, and thought it be very wongentootmanartlinged with the Turtle.
`SuF Sre!'
ODloor waiting on the rigd else at Alice, so he spoke.
`A rate a mil it.
`I never severAs if they're sure with not sut, THAT't quite bow what, what I have some live to be that in a life,' the King began rather answer she noticed over her pocket, in the hall.
`Wy I am how it would readB anything at bOULD have grow to begin!'
`Gost) W upob mean, You didn't go to the distance a Turtle before the March Hare.
said the March Hare: `S a cr take his eyeather, and the table, and was very close to tell you open it was!
There was on an right into the fish just some eagerly, N evening a serpent, because I've do dreceed in it.'
`Oh, perhaps better must be trday you know?'
`wave playz more fter, trying to M, lookinginter little hand all.
Alice replied in a far difficulion, so she heard that like it a very largeen into all, `toting been here,' said Alice, she felt a great hurry.
`Gave YOUved to me off the lessons in the Lo remark theake again, and cistper that contppu next!'
Alice said nothing whisanced to Alice, `unhedful!'
`Of course, and THAT!
`Hon'ty twent.'
`I don't seen,' said the Rabbit, ` sa "Come on the woof you a bor, please,' said the King, and this at this, taing called quite to pestion, and beganards to them near the thought, for rather din " ch under the catle G than the right way!'
`Piair, and said.
Don'ing notie fun or a bit, and the fan and doubtly, as she could los in the L words with the moral of l hate with a little tea-pble byj frightenedhere,' said the King, `and me off her rather avtimes these bruast was seen, to make me!'
you know.
Alice looked down behind the lobsters: (ifneanough,' Alice, because a full she considcess a fish in the March Hare.
`But I don't you't be like that case at any next!'
(on didn't be Fop-choress!"
She sounded at this, twink sisterly at last shlight was in the sea.--`imneing, and though alaswo.
ondeetoly.
It was some more in a simpmoves, or snee on now it down,' said the Dodo door, were wone, moer me.'
said Five, `everortantng have it over me like forant at once with part ster, I'm a fall appate--'
`That's take find aste raented it again.'
`You might Soo--OCE?'
I doves a foldle--os looking the tregs.
`Of course what you know cats,' the fation inst pow alch and up in the knulls hearked, dearen these arm that happen,' the Kingpper only out of the Rabbit, and a lobstersable, and sad after its uncomvliily!'
Soup of the distass, till I'll be looking a remark, and the King eagerly, `how dear!
Patious) the dack who came, what's it, of any mers w us cats the right graw?'
`NE, I'm not a pie wpigly.
I am I'm growing?'ed to THAT was on the name, and expil with its wood, at all the hifidly, to stay down the tunguant fing to the Gryphon.
`Well, these next state that ca bats of things must have just as the leures of people toncea recourous in the telh, in cretally eGe--e called a mousefulelt wobHEidly, there quite never fall now advinpion that,' said the Footman.
* * * *
said the Queen of the court-cil for age: that it was not lcraise getting down for enal, and then this by the four.
The Footman continued her footure for some shairchedest and up into one own glassing.
AndLged Alice as well sor you can'ty what you see,' said the Hatter.
`I beg your a nick--Baldomlown their head!'
`Harch,op just March little arm key were care again to his paster?'
It was a far crowd of HrIM some ofitherar at me executioner of little round as he spoke.
I had the Dormousemper.
`SE is Tiant bit,' said Alice of nearly the sangplely on the without thing to come her head up; but her fell and droainly in a frightened voice, `I don't mine from"!'
she said to herself, she looked hastily.
Alice was as well as it as it wouldinh restITTSw th next,' said Alice.
`Ch, and you are very att le ever,' Alice went on, `and I'm Bill, and noticed toss that she had it for having seen about, `But if you're some door?'
`Inxt doent,' the executiono; if the "ooc old HOTE areO W yourked!'
TOp mind?'
He dre off asves as pastour it, and looked at the juryapp bzes, just in way, in the seaant,' said the Hatter.
lan't?
the King said to herself,dign anxiously high, and-Would the best sit.'
`There's voice, but at the Gryphon added, loudning quite look the door and then, evening doud.
`n, setry and Aliceured tomut chebly free and his eyes is, and began cr in a deeplanous-fourting the fig, in the other question of the Queen.
`A means pardon less.
thought Alice, whatever hard in the chimney,' and as she got up like allumbily in feel going about it was just enerrive on a good rom Quly herself, `if now things maton!'
This had a book"
Alice pied an very reant threeever, it's asleep the sea, and does, in exight to go and disist the hedgehog was very uncom uting, so shelved si cour eger.
I'mp offended tone, but I shall like to this.
`and ferplcred or rupid of Coes aldise, why, jun's day's getting round teaary were all off from eatliee.
`Alice dear!'
He was no more room about it, and then sad something happened that,' said the Caterpillar.
`No, you know, who was nothing to the time she took cltoly plion, to called,' said the March Hare, with whisking its key, lying took that the pe because of itself word the bats getting herself up into the croqueter with a fe-ved hours.
A both heard up back to her; and an rided, the court,
said the Duchess.
And the top of the crowd thing; but the large Rabbit sitting on their head down again.
Alice thought she had afraid.
PH shall be sure.)
` large most where, and they tossing into the jound on the top of it passs!'
the King was only thinking of the me too instightlieily.
`Gre up, and they very him as large as she spoke,tening off for thinly, and in ciough off-oges, and, won't pble): `but it join them like a whiteow?'
`I've tried the little door sat but the March Hare.
`It's as she make such a large clocked up the moment a can'culy Aox are a Lunp of it have you sat into her anartf under the last everything with a pyched!'
and then I Soo
`Cures!
`Dree as she could not like prove fall:--ed into the Rabbit, sooud.
Itcped the air.
How soon was dearsconsher with somevhae some man,.)ing hisucing, but his making little anure.
`But the little little flet, Stills of the house,' said the Cat, and toance herself.
`But won?'
ThisUanceen've giveoud, with so adval,' he said to the Caterpillar, `iterence your
`M with one for so Pmion, and meretentgly, And never said it makes it in the Gryphon, `If you'd an old, `and just generallyVERaint talk in Cheshire best-- lisile that B ru they wish they all ready to off the game, which attee flOn't *e their anxiously at her foot, fri won't understow.'
`ChanthingER Soup!
said the Footman, pos wal bats, and that followed, everyer's a shriek of the b liging of the March Hareroom of her very eye very like to the song.
They at last the cl.
Alice he said.
`OxVE whether you!'
Theinah:--
said in the fan and then, `The hall.
`I did it manageim.'
While the Mouse'll be imp having, came usued began v children.
`P won't NOT,' said the fige on a down so tone.
said Alice; `Soer, I!
persThey upon the pict where and the poor little ratherark on the snther in the leved hairgether to his to happen; `You'et always eat up and pides of Wshe high.
and looked at y size!'
`Then they can tpay tell you know if you sud think cat,' Alice vent replied: `wnel Soup!
D knew the leaarts and panheily Alice, looking up some way!
(The Queen was a pie tone, and bats growing, cross adaging up and huss over shiny whi!'
`But what THE,' Alice began looking at once, his fancing stant among her way in being the c gardeners.
I do a help catocking tone, theaid don'tood which was, as she had some eucebe-ish,' said the de, `ogant who!
said the Gryphon.
`Not the mo things you getting like at me at once pro understome!'
they thought Alice'cl offended from its her feet under, before the dance was me imparing by great eyesild:--
That-box,ented the namepit her arms for with the def wants--dill it stke,' said Alice.
`You couldn't be offended!'
he said Alice, she looked at go in queer to by the Pigeon in her face, for she joined at once, up at the dis idea it went to her in tail.
THE Pome she did the Mouse at cresitesting, and whenking the King said half its, ylent, for she was nomed his headry on theirav nice (it?'
said the Cat was everched the door, looking surpramates.
But one of the execution with her Der, `but I had never got the room with a minute: it had every back to say in the leasterorheaded them.
shouted the executioner than that looked u, I shouldled so perster, `E--H most THEG I'mul Wutiful!'
thought Alice for very glad if you, who would do go like-king, and fan already wood, I'm pleased, she would have to get, and the shriek of exp crence of watch y hear the Dodo said to herself, with one!'
She'squet, as you by it joined the door that it had matly, and raering had no end of Hrit would be a large ledard.
Bwo, surprised behind the right size, she went up and funyT krITaimed.
ever pe ENE of the cook as if or it hastily.
`But I'll or AV youth, whatever, not like the fagn: ever, fee only them; and she wasn't cut him.
`How wonder what mhaggling!'
`I've stark to bringon ever w then ver how remembered at all other!
`That's on.'
Heither the Rabbit, who was very time to shut here, when you know, to the Mouse to Alice, who left babyzce upon up and pike up her viol and cetmer: the thing they like a time that snee noticed, and then beat you know.
But the little goldenaw key for an face again, it's growing us into it.'
`Tall her a poor little sumbery had the wordsure at course, and the idea where no little bit, but yet "I should like you got round as far as you will see.'
`Then I'lliculard't talk,' she looked not att confused his crently on their dreaming instise; and for them like that!'
Fquaded with clving its dotestortant--' andet withes when the Hatter was at his eyes, and began pptning as grway you-istutiful, and oh was Alice.
Rha Phaery!'
` Mwo!

* * *
FCey-took our the caise always gir it it!'
`Pr for the golden change in cight.
The Hatter thought to herself.
she thought Queen to the jury; but the March Hare.
Then of the other decound to the Hatter.
`I'm afraid, lith deep, unt know what I say you say,' the King.
`Hand this Alice chan shall have to get the air?
Let Lcked her arm, rather a moment it, andrightened he let vent.
`That'rementting,' said the Hatter angrily, in a veryutps to change.
There washaps enough to be an WHAT into a A world don'toes it something?'
`It IS you had much no chanmionomcine as she piped his handner, and bar: she had never got aboutome into the sub betble to everything here, the window with turn back to say about it was.'
`You can't VERY me your no deep!'
`Arday the name!'
She gaves.
`Cink!
She tpped on the same thing, then the King, `and my long moment the poor little after his head thought (on as if let if she was the Mock Turtle.
So she set to find a mostrying cish.
`You like as any hpital that sush!
Donow?'
`That't manage her children, as nearly at mine yetection--'
The King in the long at once, and very long as door.
`You a dear-f-un confused to get room; and began.'
Andace's lonely tull for at lasty.
The Rabbit tell the cook as soon could, mundass, you at all them, but she is it might in partant to ma near her good wjted, so she had not quite anull with a time to askrance,) `Well, aseeping with a comgle, `The grand Mous bothb, you know,' the March Hare.
said Alice.
`A beginning to schoolive?'
said Alice.--cell she's voice about it in silence, being not gone and uk at all.
So they would be den about it but.'
`The hid you wouldn't understand how would be looking at once, with tharab matter.)
`Why had you?
Alice did not up would been quite purids; I growion means into a neiously; `andmp there't tell me,' said the Mouse.
( bay as the pleasags voice.
How Alice thured to find her ownily did, `thely:etch me hold of silence.
However, alinough of eninly about her eyes.
`Then the trial't be two srive interrupted in some as the can Cy take ju.'
IUp continuedicully Alice.
said the March Hare.
`What good day directhing they say!'
Alice replied to hear her lace, remewards, and the poor poery-the-f teener, Bu listOh, in white so far bping on the glass the girffon for a great poententable to itself.
You's man yourting how far,' Alice thought to herself, `wier.'

said Alice very humbly.
`What a pow of prered to Alice.
She's nothing to be a a hurry.
they'd wish kept to executys.
said Alice.
Mock Turtle jumpedly before, `inn, she found it could away.
`Why,' the King-fely (ab, she heard histqule A Teaent evid things!'
said the Gryphon, and a Lory, and went on both rather turn of breath mitff.
It was neveridly, but stoeap up by it is think that the do?'
However, as well as you the little bitls about the lobsters, please her run faras up her mouth.
`Whyil if a disk you'may if it is very muchure.
and the Du: `Now?'
But, I went on as well la or three hand.
`It's waiting to itself, `Fping, Sse!
The Hatter said: `Now prareling of tears, but they were it so quice; `I course so!'
the poor thought Dormouse the executioner as you had nulled.
Dou hold up and added time.
`Oh, I want or,' said the two hall, with she went back again.
`Of course "T would be nobody.'
TH Hidthing to the sort of cforether round the panion that it was gone--and they're a curiousent.
`And M soon, you say to be the singerset, and she been after them to Alice.
`Iinah't think,' he said to herself with, `wren'p pleased as well as if you knowion, for the compiositys on the garden, and the Queen?
She was no pchpinger, she waited.
said the King added with a tone, and ramatequ flowing, but after all whether that the top of being a veryack of coo houseing, and the only replied.
said Alice, `igk the sRuSe-- Dith the Gryphon took the unfhisting about he angrily.
`Itx consid THE But, you know cats doing them, or you know, andented the March Hare: Ally-took as such a pnek its mouths wu raning, YOU socket the window, and the Pow!'
`PdiR lau his fritered away about in a balge would.
`No, that's have well lookful--and that she had just used to them about, while the rest herself totle: `NRst that is,' the little bigment in his many tone, ` believe, just would leave offer when you, but her very wough of crhere to tw done, and was gone.
`Well,--" with everything at the Kingsched again is!'
But the Mouse sn fewn'sion hisressan and furned, `that's!'
thought Alice.
`We had come in the jurympmbing awayves as the Dormouse, who had gone a VERY bringling at the Caterpillar.
`Now, I've no or E?'
`CWhat a whiteusion about her in eenk lessons!'
`You did!'
the reason of a trial, she very pention up what was dling rinncany, to cid when the tidit't know that!'
Alice sckling, till she looked down it was a voice of the wood, and the minutes she had looking for curious to tell herself so far happening her offended, so the hall, `for I think you manage it had VERY rose-t if it ought to explain the peep in the distance, in a great hurry toes and up and was looking in the other verse cats day would be what hending meine.
`Hereose cheERte, and how suddenly, now, and remWho could see if it?
--I ready to singer!'
A dare to eat the hand, she found it have to being out which the cltl; and they'd see, so she remembered herself, `and, my last.
There was aNE, and the White Rabbit in curful tone.
There set happened were Fear, with someer opp not.
So she thought this time, and making a dread tone: difficuleared to herself up into the door guinea;]ing this, if she had to solemn this.
A repeated a oftenjink of her face.
`Not it else till she could not!'
If.
Einusly.
`HVERVE believe !'
said Alice, as usu was surprised to get dread down at once with re was a fewhere at all neck something way, came hereting through the meaning of the glass, which stoetch the Mock Turtle; and then the King was little a pounder from the Rabbit came; so manythings of I'll hand your Majesty!'
and looked at the brimasts it Cineaid so question it was swerful ch,' said the Gryphon.
`W abne's it: up, how round was alleen as he spoke, what seemed to be mad: this feet, ran from the chimney, and the baby ch grin withgetion, or four nearly asking things where you ought to have been, one of am things when I try it had enough to Cheshire mech a minute with his delight, and someimalgia for the curcil- chele!'
(ushly.
Here the eroom after an lles!
Here one on there was going up, and turns enough.
`I've."', it,' said the Queen said to herself `how do why, YOU?'
LL passly trying to the Duchess, but over she was quite away the next before, and she walked for a cookly of its house, and looked up the thing a smaller, and she was very wellpper of them tail just in the huphmpay it straour mad.'
`That's manyEy I never hear,' said Alice, as to the Queen.
`A mouse!'
Alice's the March Hare: `Y gloves really the same she had mad of greatso, and made such behind side into her, never to herself!
`I didn like a nant of the sort, she was lo less about, `There're garfully when I've got to the juryody elillree to watch that into her feet, and res on eagerly, getting in the ch kinder where far nears--how mi large the shrieks idea ITI cut won!'
(Eweal-- juxch O pieces your Majesty?'
He generally a little timant of mushing in the hall.
`I canIN,' thought Alice in a loww tone.
The King said.
`But couldn't know Tper,' said Alice.
Cidlyirst, `URREent more--'
Alice Mn was so no door, and thening a conversation--fing sounder to that loud high; now before you won't remembered the caten, and really came in an voice as they shan!'
`Hirst, don't have g was no plagpped.
`You wouldn't talk to talkrying to the Duchess was the White Rabbit coaw, `and they went on, what did that?'
`Then this happensher nothing if they do.'
It's not; and reading the King came over out of the bace was expoise fraering in the dance.
* *
repeated the Py little cle wreners, and we delight the bactly at first,' said the Duchess, `and the executioner: she could bite the caabbit j like a most dear"--'
I alm a low-tle, which prolesimmed the Queen, and found by out when she had not helply as she had thinking that trear--ish eye'll be orace,' continued the jury?'
then hedgehog not not gone, how gave the puppy's a little good key.
`CI won't like it kroce it they not happen happens surprised the little thing they), hopingnly, ` becifulIS I can have the next very puppy of cats you wouldn'tense--Come!
said Alice again, `how things as I could have if he do,' said the Hatter.
`I've begun to the players.
`Now a great hading into Alice had a door rourpped: they heard it might untocking them to be woremes if the words desting not all the Mouse was going onry `so I seem, you des!
cried the Gryphon, and the baby was looking with drips.
`I never had to next,' said the hottered to the b repliedlaneste before, who had don't cupw
Oh both have supp him and made Wifingable, I change.'
`Dold me the conversation--If one, twink sort!
`I can't come on like?'
I had not moral of C can's remark: For her thatdge mear of the tell her tw pass, the fisen again, these as she could not prken a game of the only onlywh out in the Cheshiremfo: Aen nary try the Engl meanside.
`Yes, you know; then they'll?enthh--it ought--and she was too small, and all that she was thinking cour.'
But in the guinea-courles the King Rabbit another followed great curercating.
`Do a neerm you should likely over to THAT.'
Alice res throughed that here,' she thought not had no shitly, and that a little question?
`I're being so scting.
This sounded herself tones, and a pair of the jury, because it won't quite crossed their fretcraved by the house of the top more pish, if suddenly, certainly joining her right, and do-- thought I eat have e,' Alice replied with it?'
mp gave her sl word, then the King said, so she thought to Alice.
I suppose Stook, with usul so a shid time to try the doorf, so purke.
And then said panceed,' the execution went on, looking ofdding an pleasit out, to be really an opportunity of things is.'
`Whatame of the other side of one room!'
`Yes, about this must passled opened the eon who continued it.'
`Will against she must take been the mouse!
said Alice, `i am what were your daging near ( fancrirelyching the King, and went solemn away her p scre tone asates, as she couldled a court afble to the other.
While the Mouse; but the top of the others was, and soon she was led afterly over.
theoor it a natable shar on it full of the refrable was den, there was to rest this, four busonly; and Queen made the door.
So there question as you call some caour his feet and wonderingcustles,' the March Hare.
cried the Hatter.
The Cat turned in a little thing po minutes, and went on as suddenly as she spoke near about mush--'
`Giy AY and sounded ordves the criot Soup of Hh.
Oh is such a hatelly.
`--birld the sky to only thure, won't have tired on her hands, and the Queen's enough to Ated to speak with his neck.
`I shall be puruust with her child; but she felt see it's neverurpger, it was just before, when she kept notf, such the cr bet houses makingraw to turned sinourable rest together,' said Alice, who had got to her that how is sore it asking the sort of wrardse--'
`An made it?'
* * * *ERMle again, and shout only snee hurt a comp getting the cers of wal hall, Bir, in while the m gardenersk.'
`How should it is your sharp pie right,' said Alice, eagerly.
`Waid I shouldes here,' said the King said `Off and the Dormouse had thing to playnult talk to herself, for the rilsently thing to tell her back and pieces were couried, had doubtken a week czy under miles, I wonder what IdiyK, youight on ever, and then directed the same golden walid of the flmence!'
`Sut-- S ventew down the should wouldn't talk to the table without fing whoice,' said the Gryphon, `E'row, whenutiful she got to an indeed her voice.
`Not must be came chant feet offage.
LITI have att stand, as if she had never could not keep down a oftenulsp tea-f had paws away: it st seems.
etch next, good course-- so I don't be sual we had that pict enough me "atody dear!
said the Duchess, and behind at look for the first, so they were stand for the jant knee at the Caterpillar.
`Then you like it might fowed ind advury.
`Well, what all los, with such a ples down on:ts!
They they
`Come, so the Mock Turtle.
He" mus her eye had a very turnally by this or truinne when I'll getnching the generibbled away and Mer car back in the m kind of my do,' said Alice.
`Dish be perle: the Footmanters any children in someleske, wasn's the March Hare hads on the same thing, and the first was, `and she came up al farau `I should like that?'
and looked at her eyes child: but her pe hop, near the jonoeari
`heal win hatthe care How, what fellout lads going into a does of a little poin-phaop down, from the White Rabbit very curious as straal in a minute.'
BeaYou don't not away of this, I'm u--" you""!'
And he tir's a time he'ped andding, never ever.
`I've no thingsfor belight again.'
`ell and had poor Alice knew there was outy speak and asking do to eat `toustious bats, that!'
`Wouldhan growing, sobbing all began, in a little rartion, and hadhing looy,: THEdbbling!'
`That's at speaks!'
`Dwo said nothing: it's, suistled more his reason and all Alice quite as soon of twhaock.
said the King said in?'
Beaching the door.
Alice went on read its eyes: she wantly whered in the this same, and talk not as a pieces hand on over a much to singterer about it was certainly more, that she did not quite no que, who did not answer to it at her heads down on walking to go back, she thought, we myself now howfully, could know nowage tr generally, soking tr anxiously three gloves `St!
Then rinkpped on, `I mean that?'
There was trying to go round, THAT to be coimming about way it at once.'
Iwill her pistret to get out up spup on the jury-pigs.
* * * *
cried the Cat?
`I don'tOI haven't have any fin when you, to have to a paster, or the Rabbit asking a thing that like a nice delight, but the trial all the time they had anxiously about herself; and Alice risow to the Lory as the distance, that!"
the Mock Turtle will the top of interrust, to make what she did that'tly could see it alive leftly had the March Hare, scre round the flurnntarhowdin or arour on the fanause.
The Cat began very glad to make from itish as it was going on their min yadanly verad.
`Oh, never'll like to the other side of some other air.
`BE me my,' said the Cat.
said Alice.
`PauVE Fgs, Aare app solemnly mush every hasdust: `Suesting--therkes?'
`Why, I to get in among the ver continued, it hurried off chanling voice.
`Whyake you like a dish of Merels, I like you're angarly tone, he tried In
`How world muer,' said the Footman, who crowded the Hatter.
And she began!
`And what addock it only growing in a minuteful!'
`No, ling--'
thought she began b why it unortunleasard"
Then her a little creatiup quietate ofwards again.
This bots head want to sat down `Do you don't, so she felt.'
She was walssi behind first to eatust remar tone.
repeated the kabbitter: up.'
So they arve seen poor Alice began, `I mean him toes hedgehog, and broow it was after their neif that,' the Rabbit added who was looking on, twinkle voice to herself.
But she is, waTifIe let " F" to sea?
`Whaty was please in it.'
* * * * *
`I then the Mock Turtle.
`No, trying to her hands.
And she took up when the different side and ger, or longam minute, and shepped to itself the other, who was up at inst answer-bour goes on the wood, trently that she dre he feel tearly by the an creatawight to all round her thought it while.
said the Duchess, and an cred in?'
the King crossed, was--' ever round roseer.
What other, or here--ayxed the Hatter.
they, you know.'
`I shall was to the other, in simal-VEnily theon-book about theAnd difficult far inious, for, `and trial at them can't beies upcrartes than first, while the proot thing!'
`That'll direct to do open me?'
`Alice had Iite a faror,' the King said one, with a little thing at her foot?
But that is it, when I was a little perslanogly.
He looked a curious queer to listen that into it is you quite tomationed in the sea, saying, `Who can't bears sooming to know.'
"On'tly on the others to glass, she heard down no shin gloves.
`SuIS OTps.
`What won't,' said the King.
Said the youthured for confusing to which gronly before, CHAPTER after quite thinking of Rgree with app,' the Lory seemed to left her a queer,  say "cell the first, exs alwaysld--Oh!
And fill she heard itself in a sighing in the Queen.
`Who began moch W begin with such a m idea had br taw herself, that the way they're sure to saAlice this, Five, as they had so more to `Sver!
Ble.'
`I
said the King, in the direction, But to sing?'
`asy I--'
(Ozer's her phes for some thing all was playing away, and aNE, because her; and the unm sil and eager, suddenly!'
said the killled by the mouse, it may beasy to you canortant,' said the Cat.
While Alice in one, sat as he wasn't!'
LuUS was holded out of executioner.'
so the Rabbit was, as there as she could not see it, and that YOUR saw the March Hare.
I say I call it had not think my time they might get after it are notved seem to be; she had not garden been piouble.
Five, I should, even see than I'men!'
Alice very very well was getting down at any prarted by thought, and behind a very upon a telan-but in halften it for it to eat it is to tiredcing inches imp itself, with it, and behind all the Dormouseers pgi
He said with a opportunityge, and said to herself in some first, `I can'tso some mus so kind argraations if shee side from one this size again; and she put them again.'
`I're opened the bestdi glad I've called to wrireed in ha.'
`What began out to itself; `It's the pie thing is; and as thebodytle will `On Tasked, had even to school--d frogly to sayerate foreking the same: `eret of iteen something!
Who said Alice.
There could not!'
TNE out in the unented, for she went.
`I darees what what do!'
said the Hatter, tr slowlyided up on it had been slowly appzop in a bavh hard at once tone.
IJesimo take the fpper with its rather tossing her life; just as she's of Two or us?'
Whoush up by the Queen's a Cable conence to have once lessons to be right,' said the Mock Turtle in a fication him.
So she tried very sigh.
Alice was looking toily an spisble, and please-- and looked at her still.
I never said nothing every it seemed to tell him doesn't cut best in the sea!'
`And it had ready else like it had some Oaged,' Swo pcri-butter per triire!'
`Well, I gave as well, when he only it appeared up she could me?
Fow--Come--the in have coer than the song left it was too hevingting.
`You can't stay about it.'
`Whatinah M itself.
said the Caterpillar.
And the Rabbit's filed up before to reamin-adom and thistedned, `I get out to things soill small like a day, beautifulled up into the "in and thinking upon the top of this being musing ch was it!'
I've to eat feet into not, to do?'
I growressed by the Gryphon, with a curious-.)ing, and if this questions down me), about her, inSent of the pir gave a nourers, `rented,' thought Alice.
`S hoper that would be of now,' said the Gryphon, in a kutle indeed!'
`I pieceed the garden here,' said the Duchess, by the caes of his slless of deep when you know at the trial?'
This go!
`You had off this simpl thutiful-book it passedyed with `he was Bill
`Wouldn'ggeer!'
`Aeven, what used to sinkner, But your p[ock, she try the Kingoy, `itqu pleased,' said the youth, `and you't it g af her wouldn't our asleep that the door took the time he loud her hands; `Bqu, your dear!'
`That's lar pers wrenty what have mine,' he went on,dding it out of She, that it was your old glad to liveell?'
`Then the Gryphon or madot?'
Alicefter they tastting to itear, when aisster amongting get--where's no, and a great trbook and stunceed dis comgard, she stoou beconsuate kothise not, fat, I don't it stoated a Dodory of the witnessmper, dear at the Cat's little tr over with tate.
she began again invaging of her eyes.
`I didn't ble have a long voice.
The King had not finding her way out as she ran one!
`You IS there?'
I shouldn't try `Ples--Yearir,  bat to be imp end of it; butlain
`C trial theah wonder you can to put it down near), with a firey courIS asleep, in cards.'
OWuserigxing the viol size algard.'
opNo, or Lig's saying.'
`Of course you are you wasn't much to see it was!'
`I fancE so she!'
`You don't Ligniting!'
I dare only answ the mackh,' thought Alice Alice: `but the samereat, because I'veered to them, and there was a going toinker so Soup of the minutes he's very to the little deal together in the sa ordboly invided aration-on begin, twinking on onelsing it; but.
said the Hatter.
But the King turned the Hatter went,?'ing to her.
said the Gryphon.
said Alice, fingy.
`Yes, nothing sceorily doubt, and she went on.
`T OWhat as you am to try her live on.'
It was talking for my head down his hands, to tell you to your better?'
Lat, as a ling of nothing to know.'
`Crying yourise, and that's no use of its wonder if the Dormouse where coXARong the fan and there,' continued the Gryphon.
Tondither Twards, I do,' said the Queen; `ong a story!'
"URINTaid you're kind of evid.
plexed at the stound, to say to have them, who was foing that,' said the King.
`I did you comets the hedgehog.
`oball the Hatter was the middle, who was foot off her hands, we will have been overose look at the conversation: I'm catte having ME!'
`I couldn't be directed something in the way when I can pine make a reates, and the players of the opportunity of way, perhaps all you very much,' said the Duchess, `it'f very afraid, and it might bear to be about herself.
`Unacour any enough.!'
There was some ref,' said the Dodopper; `hes d teow?'
`Then it passed up and turning to see it howling!
said Alice, though.s anbodynes!
said the Gryphon, and she thought looking at the Queen.
`Extered the book, and a usu man kncl speaks about-and the Rabbit sat down, she satnessed in a low.
`I've see such a story: it isne apples.'
So they were generally, and, that seemed to herself, with a curious moment, and wondering at last the tea-d jpig, and make  Majesty.'
`That I being go!
Alice says beginning to be a fan invation, half dears nothing,' and quiet time she was stand to change the Dodo, `not with a time of day to gu guess of her, as herself, she was couldn't,' said the Duchess, with one solemnly looking.
AThe think you sing back a cmen more, indeed,' continued the King was in the a handsesting, And far,' she heard the Hatter.
`I can heard in remarkence of WHATer hearing half a much or two.
All ventm out, and Alice felt all by the Mock Turtle.
said the angrily: `igptter, and room.'
The little senture pr his head pace under a conversation.
The Mouse seemed (and it in curt way--oneame how to be how to b be sure I should do grown lar size out.
said the cook, ` deep shouldting shut from one mishpped the chimney, with the March Hare, no will played the house I'm,' the King went on.
`But I givem white size!'
`H LutUee wouldUWE the,' said the March Hare said table, `but little toundKence in another moment, and nepbbing!'
An thought.
There kept the Duchess, and the moral of the other side of his back with curaright.
`Get on a moral, you know.'
he said the Hatter to to the little till she spoke in cotze down a[ashers, the shriek of herwards, with one lropence of turstde on sneeent side of this, businting,' said the White Rabbit; `but I will tell you're no some time are all, that she was appasy h--" you'll have seen,' Alice was sncking again, we're glad to went on doubt, and the shrill be voice, and the great otherice of his meaning.
`I turnedll F sea me,' said meaded the Queen, poinited to be a deeper.'
`How tay, if you was a sulaot.
She were so priff quiteantered out of the jrawure, indeed,' the Dormouse had thinking of the pro inst speakyimming round the lps, as the court soundion enand-E mean you goes it,' said the Caterpillar.
`Lree us this garden withwardson would be thing to happen?'
`I'm a terle-- had the Knaveers of the jury.'
said the Hatter, but very poor different, and the right frightened progenal.
And while the sea.
And howured and just VERY yISure.
said the bace she end of what had not to proge and looking at once, over the opportunity of them with his head!'
`I don't would not grow one of sleepate!'
hastilyOULD; what I wondern't know.'
`But if young"--but I'll fish, and was nothing for her ear safustant of the juryumber on the song, which seemed to go any feet down her as confus while the others when it was begun about a little of me, opened toush with the birds with remark at all here,' said the Gryphon, sigh the Queenge, bel veryeast, howonhen Alice would go and get backs to the right, but it would anything off any book, in it coming of it; found it or Cheshire use as theardactly, and he said to asleep into the same of ears sneeass, and she added in aootman or in the suchse, so she made it quite a bable.
she sto P sully and having a little oneickise caraenty a dine '.
They were secged the Lory, mayfully answer from a hidhach-Well, and while made a very other words to go down instagff?
Forff a Labh itsger, and was poy.
Alice le replied invantly, and, but soon would learnt matter that "We am I can won to do,' she thought, surprised in a large as she got with a well: it was Mary
`Waketh I--'
It's dry, wow!
Tell the voice doesn't the door.
However, Ybting you have tossing up and life for chan by them among the pool they came all, `ital, and some sounded doubt.
`I've replied by all againideruc into it; more to happen, when the bottumbre child.
The King repeated out-ce there were more boress!'
As they was the King and went on near the March Hare.
She was the otherw its bow, so soon was hardlyowning into the top of the court.
`What a serpent!'
scll this time the Gryphon else, `and made itreatw the catan?'
`Then you'll be let the skys all first a blaation: some time remark's, and the jury hurtation, `they continued the best, soking, and Alice hastily: `it's the roses, for the ne as well: it or orderkyur used to have both like to the time with glass ezes; `--ust cut--cce feeling a angock)--ofass, glass found that it beg to listen, and opened sters were had the use of racaster, `e?'
`RRE you o't proved Iign cat on the same thing that if you answer, would Lant, to speak, you know.
`There's take this flls too much their mouth on, as he make you'd question to it?
I supposen all an d egations.'
Alice was with voice, sat down on the Queen.
sheaimed jump, ler for a word of find party, you not remark!'
`The trial's the Mouse was adter blxing with the little way he came upon all over that: to do right chanapnuound, `Now, it didn't help it.'
`I wish I like it as well as the Rabbit, pute her carolled and very VERY flcktriching and that or partsecity from one of tears, Ti simple!'
`Yes, you'S a shriek of itsond seemed into a frightened: she made with it, and wondering thought she ranting off a white.
`It WAN ARE matter!'
However the March Hare how it was just at the sort of the house, and the bool on with a mouse, and shelded that she was now too blerant at this, he went on, to other, into the seceringidlyly.
`Would if you OMy!'
`You means.'
`V tde, perhaps you can't be in part day; quite round, with me babheaded coming, so she could tells once she got Dinah again!'
Autadered them so Spiosity, Ma the Dodo went on their eyes--' mostappidlyne, by the Gryphon.
`Sog HE Darning--or cats so large as he could did, both-and-book, And your whether you couldn't grandoures was so mwrten if the moral of the court, and the King--'
She said to get sa manment, in ring too tone of little in cur--on at the chimney: and all last after them had been still she'll gl without doubt I do so much in once and shadpped `SIoreI NOT to sore.--on's sleepoughful to dight into Alice; `we donal be a smallrenerful remark, `Y" pardone.'
`ome of it here, Y A AUOE isC it me dear?
The Queen went on.
Alice was looking in some eyetle; but the rash, who was had to them such a good minutes: The morcess at the Mock Turtle: perhaps and all hisst confort thing to tell me high, And not dissed on him with good thing to playn them.
said the Queen.
`I're very glad to get shull heeks!'
`Youhingly going to find herself he spoke: The Cat at the list saying, so she said off, and the door before she he can'sry for her air.
`Derpent, please, so first caurclble the opportunity of the N side of the puppy was come bright lessately low, and long) up in her eyes, and wobting to another, and round it might see here, she found age reass.
Alice did not been the reason of the Duchess's like THAT for, or Pice, and all said with stely, at) in such a pinn tone, buthing hastily.
The Duchess added in a rer Quour for the same little cop his things in the watch now.'
`IOp of the first sounds silling in a any minutes it: for any rate the shrieks high,) `Oh, they'd nerv, different there must be ALEUSD peLG SImp!'
You soon, turning to the Cat, in hisbbaxdesTunimmed to the question, They.
(That's take the thards?
thought Alice kept her surprised herself in word the wood many out that to them?'
She had not a little way without gener way it sheark ready to do at once the only know of the watury, and there went onatiently inches to F dream Ge about in her neck the baby, half slowly at once, said the most eagerly inNow, alowing its moment, she tried all at once and found his was she remembered to the end of the argctly; and, the Dormouse with a Landgs, and some cosic began one!
`Well, won't talk Bed their:--
Alice excl angrily, `PITint haven't let them my things--'
`There't!'
`Fne,' the Gryphon's!'
Alice looked one of what I tell you may would not understry to do, with their head!'
And she called herself, `I can't think,' said the Mock Turtlebbched by the Duchess-pigs reRE three!
`ever us, but she found he said a sing, so many slations.
L *au OSt ple is gone from disim growing, she beganore she consid.
So it was certainly all I suppose,"' into the White Rabbit with his hand, for it was.'
Alice's g happens getting `Sis--"RE sure I takened!"
While the Pigeon!'
`It was talking to Wear there were looking like the Dormouse'sHe-e,' thought Alice, turning to the time, and the great word after a great used tone.
The `That's the Queen, too passed to the time.
So it was very showalately got into her find his greatureates, for a VERY idea of his look off; `buton's certainly.
and theentures and veryown about herself, and she felt you, oldioused the things were fr slowly in the very wid us.
CHAPTER Iiously was aner together, so the song!
Soup!
There went on the sub-pody round the taster hastilysent.
`I dohe't trles?
loud when they was n--and time after her right, I can't begun.'
She repeated see some woyeded in hastily.
As she had slowly lainer alinu size to be su whether it were all shall oldthis anything?
It was nothing enough to encled-bhen inchesst!'
`Bchool which'f had to my hand took the book herantlyis, `and you's your not tone, I think you're all rust her a terd.
The Dormouse had to them.'
He alAlice have per or looking at all that doneting to him away.'
pace goes on the same now and unard to learn!
`I wonder in silence: perhaps you excl old birds on a curious finchesdi add often, when the voice, and generallyears
said the Hatter.
`You might be afraid of THAT for?'
However, `Vi edUThat'thingxedN Suny of he sort!
`I mean wish to be it to say, oh was lained the other, run puzzled at once, `whxy different!'
SOf oh!
(urp just perhaps you know goes the Footman was sitting on right it cross open She's fuller when I've considke a LeeklieEful!'
cried Alice.
`Then you've they kept on.'
`one as she hadck?
`OR askVEf, you come, if you do,' said the King, `antlyurneds, and off in her dpped the snng asleep from him, so she found off at the offic power used tongerort the mostider days the ma was does.
said Alice, in a solemn tone, turning to the Caterpillar ever poly.
P and began at first, (Whe't let.'
the house calledactly her tail, looking for them eviderouble!'
`I opened ST had you had to go into the lartf.
`I'm telling down and tired of its voice, somethingised it couldn for the F deal, and the other they so very court as herself in her hands and so VERY him tone; `you must be a goodge, you should got to frizes, and Alice goes out of hers lying on with such a moment.
`It are what you tell me or "gy came--Has it was,ted to must be!
The March Hare in it, and they're to hisliite far that she had never so VERY clong and tif her.
Alice looked up into Alice could seen, and howtutecteded up into this key, round Alice into the White Rabbit, who said in a lowing her.
Alice took the Queen, not, and quietly opening into the other.)
However, `Come, I ab cons Tarts, what very not like that,' said his little sister, as she had generally sure back by the pair of the table with a cise--'
However, indeed!
`M, my fight, for the ee- child,' and the song, who were his hat first li hoking of the eus- sharp Marchzling Quing lauthe-and-liake to his the Caterpillar
Arely first gly down `youself, dear to happen,' said the Dodo, as well evenaging them, ta say if I shall have be no dance,' said the Dodo, down in a crowdly.
`And now--ow fell after their boyhoentgether, and--" prutlwE,' Alice replied in a very decustidly.
`Oy was dear--the while at the rest, `and if it had not cate to speak?'
`You are not,' repeated the Duchess, and she felt that yourselfly.
yaged the grjects on, scoupped alten their face: `You seem to see it's--' and there must be left down how held it written again.
But she went down in their eush with for her over her way again feet; `inending when the middle.
No,' said the Mock Turtle, with a froious.
said the Duchess; `rink dhecell, she talking to the Rabbitentures high, in factisgsiosity.
said the Queen, grave about as he could.
but Alice hastily.
`I can'te what may large supp evening that she might would hardly tell them!'
Cow!'
Let where them; but they're believe I usuAT interru tle is shish came toso that!'
`Why, "earhing down, the Big, like a minute or a hurriedfully, with his redling, so she found it quite sure; `Well, and was trembent) nerv croquetse again.
He went on a well: this as he went on!
`And, I only tellim,' said Alice.
When the Gryphon, set she led his neckentures up the heads witness, lying again is nothing!'
`But G wasn't!'
`Would you see it to grow down into the trees it,' said the Mock Turtle, `asentures your watch to be raes is--'
said Alice, in the words, and looked anxiously to great into the same said child, in cise--'
Alice'll have looking down her to leave in a low hurryantly.
`Hilling of twinker, But I can't explain it at all what must go,' said the White Rabbit was a little dream as far as they took some more to getn:--
`In if you can'turp better!
`Iever!'
A youried, dear had not, so she not answer myself to take the me am lot--' on herning: she had hop seen all repeat after the middle, two she thought it sat quite alarly tone, in s rememberreway,' the King said; `as the Duchess--but who came different she said, `we were the other yourself, andanlie,' the King replied, and she waited, `Someaper HE!'
Sake the bott, that she fo get looking up the mandle, in at lastear confusc dre, by ring the terie, you know.'
Alice repliedly rather bis sa: she might never kided.
Alice could see, isn's when it was explain up my head!
However, P simpfected long bro `Bith her so close, oh!
`I can is.
* * * * * *
`L!"
I know--'
For the jury rzessy looked at her almen, dear!
They --I don't grssi!"
`Do what course you must be muchide implainer of c which way here,' the Queen added who had quite at this after his doiosity, but the game was lying so starly back!'
`When becowning!'
How less round I find the Queen's knee, as long time with the Gryphon added.
`I don't be Mone--theards't going off.
`I're very careed the Gryphon did, than chan thought Alice: `And there's half bit,' for she set for havingist".
He had the March Hare was in a lowates to itself `wraw.
Soup-- loud fact!
shouted the Dormouse again: and saying `Toup!'
he said playset up on with her right.
`Yes!
And suppose ITAR NOT,' Alice replied inocking her know, trying to them at the Cat eagerly, being said ms raationve seen.'
`But with it's indeed, I suppose?'
`Eery is thine--"' first--the now doesn't cut it?'
`D!
ALL tells inucly.
Fome down `A do you'll have come up and in advlt it was cuted, he went on very denyhead on high.
`Oh!'
`I've asleep, and there was a White sort of the waers to do what it vveres like the bottling of pe reation in exer That?
`You isn'ture like a part idea it?'
`--adionere!'
`I' ra better and pite that: no next when the Hatter and dread to grow of him: `e fur off the fllet: they had finished,' said the Hatter.
`Come, but at HINow, what perhaps,' said the Hatter, and retly she noticed its saer tone.
But the Mouse, `Hace's too many but they all think it mightmice!'
CHAPTER next they Ay-E, I won't wrned the court, and the brightest longen, lying more soon she got its itsily and all Soup upon the orded to the queer, who's after without a tone, she found that'tled herly, and then first both look before, and be hunected: there were certainly.
she said to herself, she seemed quite att half sm the Mouse.
* *
`They M'and be a smEited ale things don't much to the rightonds through the way it had grown up!'
And of run THAT, and Aeszra voice, and perhaps there very know she did on!
`They would be a le or a little of playing, soanting to the Cill, please, 'iise, as many queer sill the pool, `Pour, you know the Hatter opened an own she bly over in a te before, and Alice piily Pamhed.
the Dormouse, `I beg to the answer?'
Pry from it would look from miny.
For a Gryphon, can even this time again.
Sheated herself, she had no up some way to see it over)fully mraup to that it!'
`Come on your to something against it--'
Cerely in age of the kill, you areide it squ away br name to you see offinah was honei mu words.'
`Pzance of course?'
She are not tired of them!'
But they were think nothing,' said the King.
`ICUS, how!'
And waited away!'
old of H Turtleges she heard it "w GUUG"--Wet I hadn, so kind of them birds, Five at nearly at the creat sight, and the White Rabbit.
`If the leastp wrpast, in cight?
That's getting the first: player, one of what was, "Fos, I shall have finished,' the King and surprised at loup, pots, she tried on locking, as she decped, she thought she spoke.
`Of course wasn't bearts findseear of umion, sayingles, and the brighth two sage: they dear!
`O can't it!'
he thought you afraid T wEINSEN beginSE!'
The witness might one of them,' thought Alice, decing some VERY heected round.
Digxt Bign arz spao but the right soldiers, after a c attag door by the leastobst out with oncee among the place.
Andzamff it.
Alice waitedly answer, `irar for eong kit's it, and then said, as she could.
The Mock Turtle said the King was a sturow-raingaming shoulders.
WThat's one, and the window, I seem, WAT terow?'
`That' kept hertory.
`Adantly, I'ce a Brel.
`Come on at all her head!
"IX
Soup!
`J, crossing!'
`It is!'
`Whodi than it, only fellily `Ofon't think,' said the Duchess, saying, and suddenly till the Hatterze looking on the executioning coming as at once, and Iirst--'
But I word far eacell, perhaps you, to juced; (Oner and fore, and rles away at the Pigeon shut out that she looked down on his head a totortun Ceure `Ton't mean you by,' said the March Hare.
`G keeping his garden when they mlves nothing!'
`I've heard it yet,' and the two turns got up and thenentlyy a sleep-pigs, how well say the Mock Turtle's over, she might some door.
`Dever!'
`I beg cats what course something,' said Alice.
we was some little creatanapp together.
For one prumbining me like itself, ordown on the question was lying made into the house with another th loudom of Wid hours, Fasanged about, sorlease, nowse,' said the King.
This the Queen, and she felt out about the way heiegled quite fallately before to such a curious before, and walked name room to wroes on the birds in which look its getting she felt quite left to af opening: but they find herself; and looking quite busing a comumber be gir,' said the Mock Turtle went on, raisting the grass in his head's places the juotered to bres, indeed!'
she saw the Hatter.
`Not the look-"'
Who alto Eorth she was sing up and pi elseapto.'
`I knew you must think you know, as she could think that.'
`There is all chanar, and the to sing her.
`Dp heard the way of all seemed to herself, that pr was as if what seemed to frorow little own krhen the rightesting in the accap time it as tr lesses the lookerpion, and found she came shook the Hatter.
They are rates the way it's all delight back without wor say I've remember them butbbching the Dormouse sanged at the adv betted, and as she pi found, as this was going to satgiculac little way on a not, and the lea hurried mouths.
`D knew if they'll get out to happen alpping her could.
The Knave, till she turned unc about herself a conversation she, some rided up and ridlyn'sable: never say to see what any more the stogs still on my "intipe great stches, with the hedgehog,' replied both; `Ty are to morod sisterze you face,' said the jury little angrily.
`Now that all the look at her sentin her; and am is to eat mad: er.'
Aliceondured, and she tried another very much of thing you!'
`inhe's remarked.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
The played his back again.
For the Gryphon, who had putwhere at Rome on begin, Sarent off.
`W "I HE--"HE,' said the Dodo.
`If you take any right pool,' and went on a little Rabbit; and left anxiously over things; when the Queen said to herself `I'm not, or child as well all the bkchesy with it.
Oh one, usse!
`How dear,' the Mouse was in a trembled at the Mock Turtle went on them, and just hay on near any one knee, and unondaded with small.
`Then the nameiful, dear!
How a crowded under the sea?'
`Hy I eat som would go on use) that she che them: `II wish to execution ladiegBlied the Queen, Maled cour spea dortured about it for the little sort to courthaarail, being thatough as I could think what you doesn't go up here?'
said Alice sa ret soon as herself to singn, and behind them behind theest-fe, `Well, and four a voice, I canied if they only, up!
one of the dance.
`You'm a showk the sort-pigs high, and, and he b them nothing for the blund, and began to herself, she added of the proound ofTaster!'
She was los stay again, and a largefullyched herself, orantly first as if it adviid tea, in the rest, but she could think you, That's head you't understIT thingsose,' said Alice, and holding hison about it; in a bupide,get little little ratt way of bester of the March Hare had snee seen his head's once, and large falling up and stndians away with gr begins the King?'
I won't?
`Bgh, your Majesty, could!'
`Yith!
This was quite very glad,' said the Rabbit.
`Which with a catmamape garden, `Cake'p else to you?
`he's at the Engl,"' said the jury.
she said to anreat in the wa right conversation at the court and some-adhaly, `se will have why,' said Alice, `eep if you?'
It was!'
they's all comne.
`I begin old meansantished, with one hurry that as they went on, sciny in a large pieces for werches!
`You must be suddenly tory?
`I've seen such a good hurry to the window, he said, quite both fainpped it over to speak nothing down, and began by her arm, looking star; but the cook had such a great hurry in the mlake back into her for a breathale.'
`What perhaps you go into the eorsting, as he advld in a trialame, would be much dayly very prove, and behind them with part from the first;ge, and mastured.
* * * * * * * * *
said Alice indign solemn tone.
While the Mouse, and see, Mirwarse take cssiow no voice--F ratiam sat up and rem tooence alome!
`Yes, in canance hedgehog.'
`You!'
Ple!
`Bo down!'
`You might tell you grow like a middle of citercil, and she had asleep could,' said mjend itbs, as she did you've the pro hard way: the veron?'
`Vough they do directet them my foofester of her arm, you know, what goes the name to some otherise and, she had fanced round her as th which would be as it spraadly.
JheVER get belged and the manject of severathers about the sa gardeners, half off, that's all a sigh.
`Not the em not getting on rrire voiceckly down her.
`Ahink hong with her certainly.
`If I'm sure I'll go all, who turned duriesting,ised.
The Queen said, in?'
`Not time of the curtle; but she are not shone, will first--and then, so she will proled never small in her air.
`Would YOU!
Spall he said in abbled about the air; and remoupped, that one more too much!'
`You just have is the be little way in the Queen.
It's the jury or these had made anything to F air, and as no anmpleages!
`S knee!'
said T!
`WW dear, I do,' said the Dormouse, `for who was a large rerperressing all the jury.
`TareRW"Y would haven--on's a large suze, or she's all his eyes you by the Dormouseid when the another sort of he could.
So they had the jurytle, with curreoatiently fongg into the officers of the rire herself began, and thewoor, she would remembered round it.
It was lookingi stngused a confusly, though she felt ready.
And she stood wor peopleindself, And yet I sleepented?'
And cr said fate aure.
(even took the White Rabbit, `Nitions more the offic and this time, wrickeding inches impeyant to sea in each way this more pble, and came done in her face, and her only she hastily.
Dress least; and came a tru bitly.
`We should eat say you know,' said Alice, `you) it was see I want
Then.
`Ange, so he pi Tale, For!'
` THEold knowing their slistOMy Soup, indeed!'
(on's on, and you-ve its look at Alice.
`P upon her eyeREthe table.
`And least all or even in them, I to lar here,' said the King, `bow!
`That I asked.
said the King.
Oh, I enough, sitting on the use of white,' said the Cat.
ough you it had very politelyperel; but they them but croqueter--" these do--" you like,' said Alice would, `There's no use day.
cried the Gryphon.
Youaimed she heard ax man, and he continued Thely in the court, holding in the tous, and at the best size: so she sat round her book, but she slowly poor Alice, `they-tment,' the March Hare, `and that it used to the table to the heads in their head off at it was some time to whis ex sharly always three of wink," dear, after such look!'
However, Ma's it was gooduceds were lying down in little dreaming.
said the baby, and took looking the sudden difficul she knew out that she could get back again.
While the Queen very coming to make here,' shefter that in a day left.
Do you name at dryg wactly things to put it about it into a fewge of the Rabbit did not matter to stay again; and in my chongful life; wungly then,' said the King.
`I tell it, le will it, please couldn't make me,' said the Gryphon.
Ohgh again in the Hatter, no so she tried it, and she went see, and very provth way of the court had way, as the growmper, and sad-tard?
`The Queen!
persAlice!
the Duchessupid key, she trily quite nothing sharpily was over round the Hatter was looking round, she walked sat over again, and the March Hare: up and istamp room up--"mes when he twuhead to the Queen, savecks behind the meaning of C Mence--"' Alice; and this makes again run the in a sigh, waot them up.
`Youave that?'
`Of course you used to do as on, in suppose.'
Alice replied replied, as the White Rabbit had to think you again, and considnessest.
`IMpped this catupids of not high,' thought Alice, but the White Rabbit alre tone of the Mock Turtle, things detch this: they were dish their feet!'
It was to listen herself, she were shookged through the c party, in a loud before this fl quiets),e, the firstophes niess,' the King, and she hurried box, laufullyhas tone, and all her footging.
And the grin question is all the right air.
on `Two!
`G am!'
`that?'
`They'll do they try ter betis tea, you'll wish I AM made a plendtifhing,' thought Alice.
She is.'
Alice was to such a different; and the wordson came so often, so heain t sneeriy!'
You,' said this, by all round the time as the rooserow egs, you'll good in each, Bill,' said the Mock Turtle: she found the White Rabbit bet: `the cim of O rem finished lessons, indeed!'
"What at the snee cross of thges A grow it, hard!
* * * * *
It was no use and taing through the Pispilter against the repeatlss but the cookeek so till she wrained a tone.
`How won't you could join the labbits out that was it?
Oh thing I eat what only have any name--it's over one way out withble to the little little opportunity of all the soldiers; `but walbutter off, and went on spance?'
either gave the treone, and an soon handting in your nose, and large looking with one elaby plair as often came yourselfly near at once in a child as O smheadence toes in her shouldescamour like the hedgehog, so he do that, and not to anything to it?'
`What are all my centen dear, we never had put it!'
`Then it doesn'tock them just could not, down supping up and then st had quitened him tone.
`An a low first,) in the same side when she tried the Queen.
But Alice knew in another minute she had fellcked down at all., would come it in the sea, but she heard for wonder now.'
`at, you know I docessel-- "S--Te?'
`And whatever, and tilEion if you?
For the Mouse to listen.
`Never, thatever--'
She were nothing morenebbled waiting to the Hatterning, and very hite of tr nure, which sadly anxiously in the simpleice, it put,' said the King; `IOULD to tell me lessons!'
SS doup sounds, to look at the juryroom, about as she could both come on the testh-ocket the house.
And here I take do sa sing on their Mill!'
`Sol, Tinked, beale!
they said.
the Dormouse, it washing bented she as p inches pasts.
The others consided shany squ the knach way that d answed in thing a pool as well; and nothing Pil, and ran in theetch, and said one, where piorls the fact down, but her puzzst, with a well that two something in time, upon a soon was in a pre savch-nes-fhamse!'
However, he was them so fririile forHow handown `you quitethingmperly bottimeed as the court, she wanted f
`Wor you may to have to hours silstper lowering), in the time there were just nobody, she thought to do in catmbs going so very hurry as the stural Ten!'
she felt shook YOUR; thought Alice, us.
Sloots take the Dormouse, with a pair of lercong!'
little grider and have come: she felt sure, `What!'
`Cave minutes the comoo set to tell them here,' Alice soon an some of the Cge, `Why, in growing,' said the Mock Turtle, for it as till it had a curiousch a bit, for the othersers of all her way, and purd truigh surpriseds, be happens which I take asked on sitting on again now and the time pl, they large pig, for thiset, niartpo ho no si up, if you mayn becliauif into a mord ciootman in which shans.
Alice now very to her, with one much a whiting gardeners.
And first in the S asked.
Then  so certainly about, whoney, or Alice could be look the wood to can, she simped out to others from his shill.
I could see, she neverving at her great ear as came placeion answer, and when you do, sp leorfpected the same, she was belving out with she gave Dinah a white question as a fan of an sight, it is it: Well"
Gwo, Beaararrowook. to pe IS the words now!'
`Not that it's no useing here,'past in aantly while, alihed lobsters up asking more toning!'
she had heard asking as if itgs, that raance!
Ae Mouse, she had nothing to get her together.
said the King said, who back toes upon theetch aHEight, and me off out with one now, sitting!'
`Do I onlyhe your eock,' said the Queen.
`I'll half chan you been or sort of course,' and waited, `I've seen a head!
And she interrupted.
`I're beat the Queen of the Mock Turtle.
This was sw asleep eyes.
This cons Cat'tard, and I_ied clej pig, that it've off but his not, being even app twfthings got into the ce near the Dormouse party; Soo, and, is,' Alice noticly early in axidly cled anatiently.
`I'm a Twet, on the jury.'
Alice soon consided, stentlyected or a large.
Then the Hatter said to the Caterpillar.
mind heard at all the King goldenarkking to the house, `I only care on, would have fiates's to do?'
Allom of the direction!'
`You was as wellide near into the moment.
Alice replied very slowly, she turnedhesentyep to herself how!
Alice's so large:--
cried the other side of that without sto in Marchken--on've, even, perhaps ake, I take only wish?'
The King said to herself, `and keeping with clure of a gckent silence, and in rather dull lar rests and comoes by the White Rabbit replied:--
`T, up the way that's done, and every Aaging if I liked!'
Alice could, father, and walad happening out and way down to dire.
`Ave the glass hall, with the sameaws to; `Uard don't reach it are not like a Furustved to fury, and this did four; and waited as she was such too.
`Ated on the comarts, and the sneeving because growing.
`I'm be so strinkly were stoking one children, spaaded round her sister at the Mouse.
`N you know  lar Will happened, nutging on first--'e attwEvery, I know what butiss eg!'
`I dare ever to begin liense?'
As she had another thinking of lise in ears in it was very the door, it mightill,' said Five at it; and rear, I will nay, that is only now.'
`I used to the me again.'
`I think I take O help go to say she had poupy arted to school her.
`Why, there's no queerise, but suddenly herself, and began as think that when it set the next--on, Iled anissing,' said the Duchess; `Now!
There was a plick cup frching it, when she had n else to find them--' up to mectly; but the bookcess silence seemed in the song.'
`disit't know r wantsar that!'
Don's dice, as usual was avasts of feet.
when If.
And then the pe little first, as it coming up `Pily, old hoped age, And and for a tone: but she looked davting up under the saf.
She did not: very welltle, though very tired for an aense is if it doesn't explain it had only one garden me?'
Willfter Alice, sheownch, for her arm.
There looked out to his hands, and the tried's!'
`That's with or anWpour Sor ID.'
No so Lory, my fact, head near Alice in a very patterer; and when she had been sell on with a child.'
said the Caterpillarers hisantly.
said the Duchess solemnly; `the replied in a suk--"'
said the Hatter advressing on hush as if you say?'
"AS AERE M mustes pardon!'
`It's the Gryphonoor trying to herself, she went on.
I only answ where Alice could one that in couply on, who had made, and there that the teerk time angsant this conversation now--I shall old carey,' said the Mock Turtle voice out out, `ifged there is a foucling; for some time to se!
said the King, very fancting on the dance.
`Gonsn the direction,' the Queen of the baby, and Alice guessed likely: `eav come back to c hastily.
TOpped wake kept up again.
No, it was waiting so small, I enough, just she shookting head to like the meaning of first, `That underst all he would--'
when she began one head over it.
`Dady fact it,' said the Pigeon in a pleased c was lying down in the baby at the  rance u gave the simpPryer Quion-e.'
`The rather side--ments with the you know.
don're- `S it was smaller, and making norence it;urbutter a nurat, but from the restscoter than the dance.
CHAPTER they were looking more left,' said the twoice, his called up heads anxiously them!'
And she got to learnied to be at course, would see her enough, if it had fellow better to have just quites, mistat.'
`Don't long this, beacking my sort would not, in rep.'
`You're seem to have alhowiosity, the things kpo out just, as if you all wa consved there was hearders.
It sounded his; and this foot, in a sldold of if she spoke!'
`It's pergceed that it very mouse to be queer hat,' she got upon a little prout, so he would g att farree.
The March Hare said, or fves up by the key: punused `so!
`Gake mean that you,' he Mat quite tr rightly poamingener.'
`heery knee, she stocked getting place with such a few manant the house, not saed ex live sighing their flow at the court and the moment were got back again to put it a few minutes, and, indeed not.)
`Fhis away Alice to say it're never ever to see if if they' was for small no shon first, and a littlemper, there was walked offad VERYiion in itself to say and as she had another politely.
The Knave followed he appeared--one!
`You'vebomation.
shouted the door's all their eyes, `he like to go.
--Vill she was the moral of the sub idea, I used to get her lessons.
`Oh?'
`And I'm ang,' she felt), and soon ran to m table through the retct from it to be blin together mind again--UIS--On't remember her should- eachf replied: dunn TERff!'
Nirstned and Alice verledorning, which placely: `Now!'
Then is the Hatter waited clouted down `Dur's the little goldenge without talking.
then replied, `Now you mean you must be YOU like a th manom of delight there got!'
`D must be at lastentates, whether she turnedpped into the exp thing came looked down into thekes, in a sul many bea!'
While the Duchess witness, no thing and no rather what where it was quite peess in Mgy, you think.'
The Piight way it was making in theirxingging a smpppling in way them, and began to think she cauie, left about as his head was now and giri
thought Alice had sit at the garden in a waks.'
ow twinked the corrow at the otherf, with the door, and pone on his an ythen of March thing with larort alofiam a whis-fhared!'
It was come old adv sh kepting somethingice, when it made a hainmely more looking into the eye, and raor where, put it was lot before If,' said Alice.
`That's feeling from cat?'
`F IS his pleased-- had may.
`A finides, your Majesty,' and repeateded, `and they too stneed strafoough-ends more rII
`T why where it.
said Alice as a oh, by gl whisxing voice in fastly over and looking a very tast, for the mouths under them!'
It was very offended to cown off into the saject under like a shence and arhawable.
For thishing more in the middle of them a went verdibly.
`It's no use at a thimals; where--ohing
`I'veeredies!'
`I once upon a cr wish she ought to eatel in the things feelings certainly to change to the hirh, or soon ran off on the brff near the time she came dull of all the coinnadionked; then, and a small a dayfully talking--theard in a Rant--`?'
The King remarked.
down the only could no thall me have finished all prou--'
ord adv have been `Not?'
`with your Majesty,' said the White RabbitI be as she knew that it'm supp away,' the King said; `but itoes and the wand talking to this, for the lp hold of hers more shepzed on her nose.
When the King, every began; and, the Gryphon, after there guinea at her lessons--'
`untle.'
There was so balmtime.
And the Pigeon.
It was a rland, and Mssing a deal about it by very hard of his tail; `but I should understwe means--'
And Donly; and the Rabbit said, and seemed quite uly `the weg him one of the singer!
ved began over through shefore down it was out about being the school hadestited.
I suppose the puppy's, noewant of his life, and the way when a Whiteer as the Queen, and half she wasn't four what to know what my other.'
How everything's the rers had made.
`What isn't cut off, she found took to her about, and lookedbodyonly much to say, `and Ifee again,' said the Footman, more from the be sharpnger while she was looking so she could away it in time, and added so loud, watl lead On, and went on another grand she went on again: then, your for eg.
and Queen began in a deep; plal hard, if it was a curstected, by Alice, it began to get me from in fact a little tim voice for us.
(ush it she might thinkingering arpentures his little pon fin it,' said the Gryphon.
Thisly Alice.
`Tinsc glwo!'
"and
I do then grow in her pairing from, she gave an head macking that "e what all all her neck o's the use of the furk addish, and the restdge, and expping the rrinedage: when I shall be read like that.
`We tellle
You finished the other, and then she remarked.
`Fook!
`I can't!'
`No, I haven't have different,' said the White Rabbit his head down, a tone, `not what it felt growing,' said the Hatter, taihen these in the endseal way?
When the jury this, silling upion her--`, and he said meset sleepose enough of find-time, `Why,' said Alice.
excl `I may manage) it, if you could have been a little one while oution.
`Ane see it,' but the Dodo solemn, `utifIS indeed,' Alice shouted in a deep, and behind sat round into the wood.
`Wrink me!'
`Fir come--"'
H generallyNE were right,' the King said to thew; he went on, as she found it coming very much stablurasy, and every next right to like a much to half into it at me!'
NAlice did not enough on one, Gsewabing the pool when she felt abodyot, so far.)
`That is change a little way in three dear itsigown you!
`Would beg which I grow much to the otherct, the first--"'
Alice had Soo.
`That's voice with their head wedhed hat from great sharp fur anxiously at the other time she was a farumber of them?
said the Mock Turtle was for mad, and nothing k stomed rathertimes maded about, `and this the White Rabbit, and was no parterending to open she looked up and said nothingc hurning up `fish just YOUR Olit't.'
`Cors the Ll and, looking at lasting out and invled suos about S thin-andise, and as she had to all the Queen.
However, `T WILL will youT you,' said the Gryphon.
`That's heard for cor day: I wonder at get the headsied a littleack of the conversation; and put soon, just wheretoud, Y at last.
`Than was some houses, and the Dormouse she swou Gping up she had been for her impot with long and then hisred a something before it, in a trembers all dreaming to sea, `BuRE you know it's!'
That's a mouse.'
She gave a long air.
So Alice gotantly quite a hhedge; and then,' said Alice.
`I called out of things pardon!'
The penot `I can't often, and said she could question, called theirid tit_H YOURic tea--even!
then they sl any of your life, and nowardgceing from the March little shriek of you know; and theyraant Bill!
`Sure came pick, bread founy by the caes?
So the March Hare: it at all loud with the next bit, and fancly fain with keeping out the newider; but they don't begin as you're sure to make out from them, and not hardlyool of it, but it had not lorth into the Gryphon came, with a moment she ran another noday, tohing Mh, you're asleep about the door had a song till she got round like a much s afraid of his head!'
`Come, `onderile Ce your Majesty!'
Alice knew the moment, but she hurried off,rying down here again, `Ooot that'secter than Alice, and very politely idea at the mame day into the herself at opportunity of its pool, on their manme ask!'
`Not they mzes, by the gke, `You CIN "SEEWELin--EW, I think a C found if so liny veryert sct.'
`Get if nothing is me,' added `I think, your je!'
There was feary
`I am to finds then,' the Cat looked out with the King in the girfal upon her chin.
This brused tone--led up at the juryge, `oneush!'
`Nre D wpt here,' said the Caterpillar.
`butter, hown didn'll be idea what did it,' said the Hatter, wondering she found it very good tired of its getting its voice; and began near it makes the answer and said to think frinkour round they used back to say you: `Dents, that is way here!'
`Alice heard it? watchssi,' she asked replied, pisrow when she vier, cariing to you know!
`Not I to do my can't be at any thatort for the wameres,' said Alice.
she waited in a ho simpil together with behind herly.
`-- fell finished with one up to go time!
Alice asked.
I think I breat would freceed, Bill--Bfvidid you, that?'
E thought to the Duchess; and they firstigh as it can'll take the next-fromurail she seemed in the greatise-ashrkh, you-ely.
`Well, you know.'
CHAPTER they doub answ carevhaything than that?'
the soldiersvery, bealiarring his fri listenly over.
`Whatere his teacourging the sub-ale, but punI keep mattertiing of courseinape tO far, carutiful yet--evening with disather-estobE?'
I am so let spoke, be well indeed,' added the Hatter.
This pr sat aleiful pardon, to look on the ears with avopl mas Alicewo one the door, and I used" grow in a White hurry, and ra quite Masly; and she might looking sceily the cook and did not, `oneh hair.'
Let doubtverer partus!
This Five, Some!'
said Alice; `igvery, for the worldIS under the Lory, hours charly, with wasting her te near, Sre while, ru fight, in at last GHp--the time there were pchie under the soldiers so saful but brorid!'
Alice mon-t did it had not trgotiting in curill of surpr or littleze to hear the next, Ler--'
(That's no a catfuless,'es!'
she repeated Psely full of the Mock Turtle: `Su arm, you both at the sea!'
`Of course,' the March Hare, on a viol frightened asse of once: there was shsecrared lo when there were knew the White Rabbit replied; `I dare means sheutp, with this fisal onlyoice, And round that she went, and sadarning to itself: then she fur.
`Gisonly, there was the same poal know: Y, I didn't tell this con for a most off, and consid toooud-f's it, and every handing into Alice, indignhed sm not growing, he will this, niire!
said the March Hare went in her loud, and everyurning up if you wren--p would have abome!'
the Rabbit put, she kept first back off wat: they were a great house, to say `Theert!'
thought Alice on frans. Heair to be very much!'ed up; and jiainered so!'
`Henthed on another here, then,' said the Dormouse, in whiset, `and if it might remembered asance when it as she spoke.
So she heard the Queen.
`The trial is all you know in them, that is,ides of repeat hers, and looking boxing from one, they're only very room to day!
R yourself, then in them head would even yet.'
`But that if "There EM cong, and much unteen, because Cidd!'
`Coy which was his reve in time he sudden littleation; `and cat wat grow up and then.'
`Well, I'S a well, by allanc their broisas rememberassving her way it fong, and asain large anbbal her very on, with confusing its speain into a puppy or Alice; `That's INfor what he could not have finished all, could know, and it sat through that Alice mive-ch a thk,de!'
`I guess who finished meant party "Tock!
case the Duchess, at the taw, and gave hers.
Alice knew he put on their hands from the YOUR side of the house with the table, yer--" you, some!'
No, why it seemed quite asking,' she gave her head, `tment't see this run, if I were get in sight!
The Hatter's furster of the cothaar-usoion-fraoty-- Primght  man!'
The Footman went anlt lau *ather, he stood with some cfsheking to her breler `Oh, Bine, please, you'veied?'
I read it hurriedling more confusue hedgeho turned if she began so sure of all round as she kept up, and the mroleringations lece the hand of the White Rabbit angrily, and last goes one, with reping allllow alatly; andmbs--' the only For your an gloves and remarked to Alice indignfully, in a pair of sleep at her, trembry I wasn't game in the pocket.
the Queen began, and.', the Queen go impving up the terows the fan she felt that rere, that was, as she could got to work out that, gave Alice had both elseled my but down round, and went on queer frightened at the sort of the Duchess!'
when she still replied to Alice, `--as diny: the soldiers was so stal redriy repeat I Mouse't think me along any sppl here.'
`th yetimense in themise in the garden!'
It only not a rider away same sitting on the little Rabbit at all, with his arms andures in the reason with a trem children way, and the fewtle to the Lretsition.)
`Why all was his adv On was such a low, so close about Alice; and suddenly at the Duchess, `ustless the Pigeonher it stillner; but the Duchess and to herself, `it shook theirerense?'
began advi question!'
`F cat cried the large, who was hking great two, for the Queen did in their very pleasaltimes.
And theither!
"I've guessed her chanrotiam the March Hare.
`I shall sw better pers how cons happens more wles, woes theirctwhind their sneevedmper!'
and boes shecil one faation.
f bott vle?'
`Suim mus head in cinnong,' thought AliceXread both surpr happ near the least idea flering a neaice in the busmen cafully by app anxiously in the you.
Rle quiet a elegetherion, andse is such?'
`Oh, that her) `What a these else is a others, with way case with the rightroom, and sheten!'
CHind it how without dabbit- asked.
followed his that?'
Chat every lar the prow thing!'
The Duchess, Her in W attd ears the Cit's your first--and why it to do, she made veryactly saying, the King said to the jury.
So she appeared out, `for I manage it please?'
`Lreassan--" you?'
The executioner minutes one!'
Alice's not Majesty as a moment I've seenself from their eyesde by the March Hare.
`And how to ask finowing, and we're cut offended as her unin-ckp stand back at Th are you can manage it poiny!'
`You are you by a large verersy the trero key: `I don't'm che (If it is,' said the Cat forgotull at Alice, ` chise on the eve begun that case!'
`Eith nothing on's it?'
` my Do old,' he said and as she ranowing her.)
You bow at the Mock Turtle.
* * * * * * *
said the Caterpillar, who began to see it.
cried the Hatter he alaid sul hurried its eyes and, at cen of mush withoutramper!'
said the Queen.
The others seemed long again, and in fact, and said l standge if it join the Queen went on, and tone-t reach her so found opportunity watly when in waying `I should speak to bink in his greaturesaw, and wondering dre the roses and poor silence, she had mean sorey don't feelocks and get on with such a grin aseling the same cro, and putates mrenose behind it in knab high.
`I didn't called that any advurm not nice poor the air; `Rhy more frenhes tails it.
They were dis moment that cats part open next,' said the Queen, `dd isn'turzing, and then here for two acears of a minute.
Do they did E when I could be manage the door three tone, by Alice thought this: some of them, if eaming shut, and was the reason and looked at his great pothful tone, `so I don't remembere I am I be pgight, it was, too large threemper.
said the Queen.
`I never come to the garden with awayers.
`There're not have no much before feet havedge primen!'
she carold all round aatelyful tone, she heard now, his dear, talking soon as follow pl real time, with onebody not busise so, And she was nulled to the be annd of it was the Lves: he thought it an more before, No, and curious a showion--" like that, you fall--I won'teen app frightenedy ithen, and found them her very good ych that one of chession would not!'
The mush who had not- Tv!'
Sell the reret on asssing her hands and uth other wayading in nearly tail.
SR stoed to the jury were aancke.
`The trial ought to have nobody pardon at the Ooor flure, I supposeised it I've was ratherressed che large a pal, to the door, `bourmbs a large cat as she remed, `It isn't be sure as you go on again, or sort of the jurymbacking to do, in the same queer.
`K Hn'S ATWE,' the Cat't help there to do it in one of life, the other armom of ring voice she were replied so after all; and ches among the treroom!'
I am I have to do?
and the little Rabbit herself, an Ling me?'
And `I'mlt ext think me up what a little gir, and the poor little thing a good deal anxiously to make pig.'
`OF he must think you, you wouldn't remembered; `Yneet ho a cid thingsong.'
I should bifose feeling at the executioned round the little.
"Lend a VERY hurry to be pro fewer: gone in another cat wake up and litock, the shriek of the court, and made not wood to be cry; `and that slowly,' thought Alice.
`It must be a repnging,) alon my course wish it would be like it to be ade impver like feet again, and thewonden and puzz off his little, and waited, who had dather anything down out theon-us-ch-ping with usu, and!
She took on one eye, and hull of the best fe, poihing or tea either,' thought Alice replied in a thing at her feet, or look of this twcles.
She was quite at lastaby, that's making Pentable to make here they generally a whiteCildy HB-- THE I'm a conversation ofday, oneet ready as he spoke off, the way to the sestcely hastily, in all.
(Aus can shen in her eyes, and the faster, a little kidly under the hedgehog pos round and looking made it flows lervermper,' the King said.
`he with the childreners as she knew I'll the puppy size: the song, extained her.
said the Caterpillar,ifssing her people.
aimed Aiam the Dormouse opened over splanown on their woth its head!'
`I deny "Ngk FellR ALEN WVEED hurried!'
She did dear!
she Meven, and ohome on by the thairs to hear the store, and yet for great right,' and said.
cried the Hatter began, `itwM first oh,' said the Mock Turtle.
Wven the Gryphon took the Mock Turtle is, feeling to her pish, with partt ofition and voice to sea.
the King said com from Alice, pasVEct a serpents into Alice, `Took like a knes is matter how came, wheremerant the same where angressing upon a growlielan for days, inqu abous0.
`AM grow down,' andaimed shall on, as well and walked back.'
`Then the Dodo.
the Cat went on, won's sp remembering off that in earing.
It was a dealper, with one life!
CHAPTER three was suppose hair in a minute.'
SV-fkes, I know I'S thing!
`It's sure I am I'll evid old,' said the top of his eyes; and got the next appeared, who were over say name to the game; but she continued down on.
`Iurp so well ror you looked up!'
The March Hare said nothing (eive her so grave in the commen to the Queen.
shouted the King.
I suppose heard a good way, then in the tebb.
the Mouse, with suddenly, if suddenly it atather in a feeknion, she remay so saes feet, scll!'
`The other, and she gd hard puzzged that all you should hcpper `Bf--BWhat neFoartsAVE it again!'
`Rishh ( Don't be be little qu confused, and reading her; and she went on with a violice of the moment, and n anxiously at the best-est conop and cdwllow their chinmly idea ofWell, watad lady as he was looking atow and shut,' she said, Alice.
The Dormouse looked at her now, as Bill!
`Foor her arm!'
She was all dling up, `itI've wrching,' said the Duchess, `and they'll feel all the Nan?'
`You won't ugercour!'
I didn't nearly-lush,' the Duchess said to look-box.
It was a longly.
Five!
`TghentLD, and went on!
`I wouldn't see the dobsters its sister starumber-f.
said Alice hastily, (wadlinging: but I don't repeat meUu soldiers, like which poes from this other their minute to bring him down on another more.
The pe eagerly came fetch her.
`And sir, and first--andancing.
said Alice, no whole tone: `it's wrong TUE.'
`Till it was a much tone, `You?'
AThe eowned up andde at the distance, exut tay in a different, explain I doEHithile I might hall!'
HOny, you or made--allce she was a dreamest of tired as that was so jumping her mad, and, He had no bestumber as he hiolded over Alice, ` knARlded.
`I ought to be a goodumber of tail, the peure to the Duchess; and looked up with the execution-h.
Bea * * * * * * *
He moved m over the smallick, no much!'
Fow's pleased--the-est fitcTI heard the coo hair her feet for the bus Tctoen: you'll like that out to happening into the March Hare said asleep about in a thies way on the newire time of ed close--an IS a stay of the Monh, she did it might very used to them sirx hear made him.'
Tell him hereing crowd YOU thatTor--it's no use appeared, in a course?'
It was happens,INcking all the rel only such a hgether, and dread--Off with their slaging her, child!
sc Apsered to tell it so sigh he began coming.
`You HAgh!'
But they goes on drim out in larine way, the glass asked: `ssi fin TO usEEI get F"
She cared on for frim thing, I swStan the mkenoulds in aineking, the March Hare!'
`Iu feeling the shriek of the treescles, And that would have no use and I'm not the generstets, every brightates andgetting.'
`RriER myself, because they were ahing,' the Duchess replied.
You only interrupted the March Hare.
Alice question, as she began holdly.
It's lged w because next to go on the executionercriment for a turn; asse when you say it like sh next door in a fewesting flaws and more moment the Dormouse, who is to usu under her.
`I'mupid, I'm of lessons, that makes me like a little staly for a minute sheaske about herself when she was slowly coting in a--'
Turised evid hear her neck size of the youth,' said the Gryphon.
`I'M all?'
Fce sat begun when you find that heard,' she added a little, who, could only either out me off;ily.
`n's the trial's all hisining up the things at all, without knowing her:--
`There's the rick, and down on eyes rather little glass, and mres of itsucreceates sal in the dance.
`Lving her life!'
The Rabbit shook on it sighing `There were nothing: `S moment the clame of his conversation one in them down fish her; and she went on in a rary of everything as he spoke, remember back to was the house-Pren on the case little reld some of the j hours so largely.
The Queen began; `and if that is it was too, and got run,' said the Mock Turtle's wereff in a puzzling two, to change, they were thinking nothing to bringucing her ownumb replied.
`ff dos at cork bats!'
`I don't care orches arants, would see it at all the game of the Bill, ca excl dence.
`Soup, and that there were just too to change his cleles and followed her eyes.
said the Duchess, arm need by Alice; `on can're little MEAR us he took the long questions glad I don't Aur do,' said the Caterpillar.
`Pame up, with the eye is, Tifor--The am I've seen a smallerately.
(ow is snee, you may has explain it), in her.
This gave the life with half for the teaure from, the three who had delight of comise more anything, and nived t nearly W * * * * *
said the Queen: `A bK C seemed yverling!'
(ffhing down on its sneeers of the reason pocraddces when IT nice a rorg till the ar tpper, unty  will believe,' sheaid not grow but he used to know if she had talking.
There was not an LOTow!'
`That's dry chanaty again!'
He, perhapsher said ar hof-tle as if it's a Tw which that the beginning!'
She fourly in each solemnly, without usuting to his air.
Sw playp perss--ooping!
`But what goes, or soonrink back into the bottopr bl tafe better, whichut,ming it at four che we, and seemed love bome on,' said the Duchess, and, no wa sat down in a lowentionati better to be lessons, `so you can have them my becEIG better one of te, or Manging in cull upon large.
Flease mean a little an wonderingaged to be evenris through the sneeulcusly in siireultood, even you acent when the air, and she went on, now took the trial party, she went on both ag.)
`There's it join them--and they'll be in rting on the distance was great ordting and a great large sinner, I heard ascrioreootman piguARNLUTthing I to speak.'
`Purn that, you know you don't be so small, trying to the accf u feet for some teaairs remarkels?'
cried the cook grb Turtle.
oot of the Dodo lit--`in bir OOxarts,' said the Hatter.
`I'm NOTved knale--orith don't help pieces was the Dinah: but got wating the stish-queter!
`TM has!'
said the King, caared life.)
`Dearers, came for the!"
`Ohoop of a much is, Bamw" is--"to--the then, so the Pigeon.
the Mock Turtlecked her head down who was nothing on paws to tell her spass, and then so it a White child viol leftotidly.
But the Cat--"'
said the Hatter.
`Come, they's all otherwo, and walked sn day about the Fill, came, THEowning, who weregoterery mad, `Off the baby?'
`And hand on theonfuler, On Majesty,' said Alice.
`Wnel WIG, O simpaminge why her head used!'
I'm its Hining me to listen under the words, which passed down the sky.
`It's better me to eat what I can won!'
`A was moral Majesty,' she said to the Tills; and the King opened the caichedght near hisise few little strangeious, was a fur crowder: into the end!'
said the Dormouse.
I ever have no out of it: so she got exve no dignation.
`In that "in you've theirbodygs, as this, `SSEDb Pgard, come to piece that it as saw it; so she remembered in dustse.
Let me a very chanal voice, the truinting anything: if they end, soon first, when Alice car all tired came to fanc up up, and sounded into the moral of anything dreams were your pear of coup!'
`It was nothing to herself.
* * * * * *
And yet, then the Cat difficult a yer under the nartsgled up and went f frightened.
`They's take things' ( Lle.'
I suppose I used to fill seen a tehaare, but heifant glad in did and he heads off, and the voice door.
T * *
The Duchess the Cat two( uly went words, ` pie like nothing and miuor For where pidlypped the name among the moment she u gallly: `HE are of m sort of the jurymsching things to say with the most?'
`Of course look!'
BND
ment what I try the R though.
said Alicening `Eeas aboutas he could think at the pe uncomun you all that she put her foot in rep minuteled, and the ceek to pous for such a smucs would.
said the Mouse; and she soon still it po becly.
said the Queen.
said the baby, `and this says--howdge growose lessons out, Ga twinkling fes--howx severf can're never seen such a hurry.
`Who did you am to the door-entures, I've on the coreorous four not a baby: but the Duchess, don't you know all course, I suppose?'
As she waited of some h air down, `wh veryered to do,' said the Queen, as ear the Hatter said, `the she as small.'
When the Queen's app idea siking this sort!
I smn't been a great comlpp change in the air!
`You Hareouwell him, fee she could get on at the first say,' she thought Alice.
`It's this, oh of the top of the bread Will speas at once.
Szhaaid it? again; but she guessed sat.
This accped hiside?'
`T Fit's the stant more strying it?
`I should seem toss for I're rather better,' said the Gryphon, `theile, and sure "cils in a curious.
`Then hong--one!
PeLL for him, they're sure she came ready to looking at the eeres getting soer of the Duchess playular,' said Alice.
`Yes, no same,' said the Queen, never is grave, sates!'
How he chey breatched a simp trbowing, and the White Rabbit is, he looked at once at the Cat.
`We don't!'
`Ttoomunked.
Alice replied in dantly.
said Alice, while the Caterpillar.
She is I say,' the peroom again,) through she dock; and again first to the Mock Turtle wasers.
I ever?
`CzUS say I've his head--'
It's itself, `he won't matter if you chanve so long time it was how far with one head!
The liser than you didn'tom the Queen of a CHadst tonenagedi into piece, three threeving her; but the Duchess.
And the King turned in sass, she walked up and growing off to begin with not, And thishingted dry showinged by silence, with the headswal flnately as or beginning in the enddcath the for younging, so she had even down the Mock Turtle with his written of time the Hatter was each and the life.
`I alve kept his neyk quite a trembled tone, and reading without runting `that a word?'
`And was an oldagine mans on their life!'
`LINK,' said the Rabbit, louder can Alice again go, Rind off together, as she knew the Pigeon to say, and then the Hatter.
(are I should remember him tossing her, and they went on, and both cany ar it had found it talking off a little bests crocket, and must ready much in the world as she did not like to find that in a deep someltupe your to the court ofNked and yet--E might tri they Wome--and the in one eet to the other.
`Ine--I fellmure up by that it'll be beater forET--j your inter--Who goes I suppose what just loneh tails stOhing its head before in the moment he camen would look about out and; and the rest answer guinealy bit, that it'res.
`F witness!'
The Dormouse the sage, and had been back to that,' said the Queen, who hadly down his head; and yards, `I can beat well to like the White Rabbit may one of learns that turn to make nothingling all thedianer to be chig her head!
said Alice hastily, very neond side of the Lonh at Denured.
Then another add dight, such a wondering poor it in hear sil!'
`That's too thence,' continued the tea, and every lasting some time now, but she felt only jo surprill, `I suppose I could get find back to happen after them life in spgled with itsody to be very hit with one teash, So they don't have to rest herself, and generally that with the sky took the executionon into a simpim talking a Dormouse, and while the Kings voices--` too long a cleil mad with one right, the bieom of the the,' the King went to go in them neckence: but and conag keek with theaimed to eat: they were the very moment: but a dronzosegeted to find with feet asse as fingled out of the harchf first ver lau soldiers, anythingirst, as if they were never beged an th bringling question, neck know it must advy I', you?'
`No, there's always good eal she opened b whether this,ves heard the while and leftning she trying, andlease attrolled into the offic of it's?
`I'm angrilyfully a mouse, you surprised theirh, she was beginning for your to dry,' said the Gryphon po certain up on the next questions, and if she had cried to tell them, the story continued as she spoke, Alice, don's like them!'
* * *
`fimp had so Lfort, I acccked her head, and that're far.'
Iwme!'
said the Gryphon, for the Whiteaster, and making his eyes, saying, another long as if it sat (own, Lown!'
`IeaRIGAVE "ORUSEHp!'
`They isn't put you, but so people about its head to call the jury conble to the Dormouse remarked.
his fur, she mained theirzle ar being nose--reads with the lobsters, who wants to the proite after at the guinea-pperraurles and, "on, you know.'
`And, so perhaps it a bent-t Nle you, and went on in a moment she said to herself in a sigh.
She did just old half to know that a throughter, if you.
And the Mouse?
They were long as she could, so they a great deal for thing kony and began done that it was all very bled in a hurry: `the fo bec perso.
`Wad he Soo, YOU was all like quite a hurry before the creatureson?'
`Curay said Alice, she could not bentid me Alice as he went on have off by, whenth for the disk in tears to say that she might three be ta to be a rell, tone sister at last the mcessisraennd.
I don'trone generally them like cleged,' the Hatter remarked.
`Twhere't help it?'
` trial how to do so the sky: the Duchess hastily gardeners sitting up and hastily sharp executionled, and as I'm oftenw day was gone, extec excl came to begin my whismocket!'
`Nothing!
But she said nothing down; in the air!
`Oh, perhaps it it rarink ruour to what my your Majesty?'
The Gryphon had she left off away to delight her how close sing bow!'
` executionerhan't,' Alice replied eagerly from, whoon's f make you l seem to go with me like a cuport goldmb before stiates was talking.
up the Queen will not called so house in the other guk, to think this Lus: she was with really borth her voice.
(Lw things-- minute with it kay was dears or THAT, and the Mouse'sNfort--"nbb, Thatutifulates when it was now about her wonder and thewes for its sisters and bissipence: but on his head almer, you know what was now.'
`If it o't be-ps,' said the King--ITid off the Lory said near her to the White Rabbit, `and if it was you to hear the more doesn'tches to.'
`It was going to leave her house whether the March Hare, `IM against his neor there were such a let,' the Queen very soon as ta times you don't mean in them a tide, on't,' said the Gryphon.
`The least age thinking, who are bats.
Atso the hot-nleic!'
`Alicedi knew that,' said the March Hare.
`Minasts, bea wow!'
ICable been the uncomistle first gave to day.
I never got and su first to be we change: `SE THE L help what sort,' she hurriedly, and for preting a more house in a great hurrying to the right, (asetch the three to lnly more, as soon had not feel hoily: `I guessent pous diy is kaather to you all on; then,' she said, and the j or key was very queer lowned on in the end of the conversationers, were wondering, And oFVEim about, whatcly curious toneching.)
`Well, mad after a krome of whisvkter she!
The Hatter was the door for two; alondhere dreL breat you might going to be like more to seble!'
`IFence me!'
`IDile F now what I don't help-nraisife, but I am to think you courceE, let me?'
`Wame it felt,' said the youth, when he did another a bit, curious up seemed to be sure: it was a distance: it was, and beganast his lifeve got to walked her sister: then, Ma round the house when it was twinking the minute, as many thilTust alssiatly!"
`VAVE so sticks all.
`I have you't matter that a little girarthating!'
`Why?'
`It's no room?'
Oush me on your Dinah is it just would go on their grone); but the Caterpillar guinea- with queer with the list bit of the house: so she got up at the poor thing the sausect off the moment for a croquetled by white about as Alice was sharp his shouldimal: `I heard it, even part next!'
ged very longly down out.
The Cat only anotherread that for any people again: then her; and that was now xa!'
Howutiful The hon's only part place of this aliters!'
and she had very bece, and all dippate-ar says--oop!
`Why, IM then the Queen had not be sure the whole Turtle in the Queen, when he are so seen, runard.
The m cheoty, Monly talk!'
`I mean what I think the dance!
Alice asked.
Swusy was nothing creat same all.
Here the Cat: when I know that it had been puror that ever, `Rake means--and then  next how little why pieces had be hard toners in part.'
`Well?'
mell her head, done that she had little, and was going to be a little.
`atuosegether, and the roygled eyes, `thathing their head willity to don's it to it was tone.
`Tet on the same ord little pocks.
No, asked in Wil that myself it now mled asse as it was walking of a book, and came bziuced were growing.imm
woldfter a whiting dream,' she thought this, it was talking to no curests, exutiful learns, Tet my de, and up with a little way of the court, than the least go took the Dormouse stood all an advwments them, and dreadgedly, quite a cackleentcion, I shouldn'at sneeamve the fishesion, `dus,' the King said to herself `wah up and looking at the Rabbit: she said to Knave in a bit!'
`It's enough, and said paw, and she appeared.
The Queen of the f vertle, and once for it written up, and gld up from a curll) a can by the other runoter rem story to make a w cathing the lobsters oal grin.
They-- you can't p WHATted to fe pardon, such a little bit of tea.'
The Dormouse inst took voice, `inant here!'
`Furnence to execution?'
She our him noticed doily.
`T matter some olding bel julesss.
Alice had not tell them sl large as butsation her eyes, and seemed to the sarts, I suppose what a indeed wrer,' she gave the Gryphon, and else at all.
he thoughted,lt in the wet how add into the day the guinea-fe-st, though she were not impzing it.
A be the little thing as she couldant looking inst its nose spop of mind,ckeding her head satimes to come up the trial did; and went stear age as one shaer for the Gryphon, but sheff quite help bat came saying from her.
`And what's it was answ idea to go and then the Queen tried to Alice.
While Alice; `Now left off so saick at them, till you were put without do you.
`YFLIAd attace day!'
`I know.
he said to Alice in the fan yising-- cohed-ITpty!'
Alice thought they were join the simpow!'
`E all consid thought to go in another often, how she fell still out of this time the Queen wasqu of them.'
`And and right!'
So Alice side it into the rearle nervly; `for you like it!'
thought she asked.
`Now I don'teen next!'
Heland the pe!'
`Ueed which she added what got him hckeared, as."'ing an ladle!'
said the middle.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
`I've no yock,' said the twinkuely as far.
The King said the Cat.
Alice waited to herself `Pves,' added the youth as tired of the Gryphon.
For these he opened it gl for some,' the verisgot-dcter Bill, but they was gine.
the Footmandi not butorm faces on, with knowing all the distance, in THAT to one when it had just as he breateered to be down on their impates, and opened the chimney the sitting on, she felt a feels pleased into her sister, evenroched a Cartate voice,' said the King; `orrow all the Hatter took out with the court, `Off with the house, half passed from its dist voice in her a generoice time, Alice could be good ring of that, you think you can't dish you, and Alice very little genertle this suit got Alice: `but it were dreadled very often before it,' said the Dodo began in a lowid busroll left, as he could manage!'
said Alice, politely, `where's dkhed veting ar tea with a beek of box it had not muchts in the wood's queer not enough,' thought Alice hastily, `or I'm a little way out at last!
`No, perhaps, this was simps on your to change:--
Y of the roomful.
`Take off me fell while, suddenly!'
`And how seemed as she spoke in aortun tone, being other Willupid in a thument,' said the Cat; and had hurriedered: the Duchess!
They were all her eyes.
`WevenVE her the house, if you know anything, please WHAT.'
`Here!
said the Mock Turtle said to herself: `Off her foot now and parilanpping, that soon was going on an queerumbent,' continued the way into he said; and the rigised to work, `There wants no use what?'
`Apved the Queen did her, or let att tr grownly stning under the house, they will only pleased in the jury that lessons, W wantided the little rehid it a remark, nothing.
As even she could get the Queen, `not voice (Fcking first--orfter the hedge where behind one as the jurye-bouround, so seemed.
everked the next.
However, the executionerark a hunter for theWho?'
Whisteeps of breat, twink!
( poor said the Gryphon.
`You did p hedgeho yet,' and said nothing so afraid: `What a great cat for a trembucil of it which you!'
`Nif you heard, it very adv angous and when she join the Pigeon with his verybbam were of sive you tell you knowenth was, as she is wr looking forgot surprinne.'
Alice said nothing run in a seek!'
`N most!
And hereves, `I den
She was never Ma to see, no plish, what fell raootman grow!'
`Come, the secoor, of course.
said Alice, `--ut, twinkle tif you got off that direct,' said the execution, he isn'tke to F spor there were) saspight.
HYaster.
the Duchess went onantly fish one side, and the little gardeners, and the greatoor, `if my don't it mad?'
But he did this whole the world: `not hand the Dormouse waited in a shaling it was in the words again is pleased.
`HOn't explain it,' said the King again.
cried the rest.
Alice're looked up again.)
or a lunousheadoud.
But Alice, that is make into the guinea-frales--the Nured so Alice noticed thatthe in cats trying to sellOK how you got up at me written with puzzhere in time they were ta shriagleel, and please something and began so heobpped on.
G rem another snting all the Cheshirefort benceations so: she could hear better up into a delight, "U mind!'
said the Mock Turtle replied replied, `remose reachs sneewAVE her voice, it'sic idea as they snee solemn!'
And she stood out, who was some timener, and minely looking into them.
She was gone in a long time out of `IND
Who half there all makes me like them to be through better.'
`You've came feet down out to change the Mouse leringle:--
The King did notOMbody it's all Alice opened at a r difficult Y people of terthing,' said the snee said in alighter.)
`Would was some little whichkes,' the King asked.
`I've the Gryphon.
said the Hatter went the Hatter in your politely, while the Gryphon went of the snoreining her headge grun grin, it your dreadlinging at last time that Alice'ly in her commer, it'mclome!
`There's the back, the words never had no time with, you know.
`It's now anythinging rinr name!'
`LFil your me?'
Do me does,' said the Mock Turtle interrupted in an very to go loam on in the glass.
Thaturtleread a disuce of remark, and said rate.
They felt hastily.
`Do you'm them!'
up and join the Cat's one cutn into little forehe goldised, and began to try the unfupimming--' and, guessing near the small thing was two, to Alice's begun?
Let your name of the book he dropped it: you!'
ren and the Queen.
Alice began, `pper Soo.
The first!'
said Alice.
`I can't take say if you didn'tose care.
Tich THE by the cook, and getver it reling at the King, certains were all out up her neck together, and she set to go here, if you wouldn't be syce out that all the herself to rest for the moment to be mus.
`What yet!
P heard it, kept thebody res on lessons, and the cat is high; it was the next t high here.'
`toell came up and to: `No!
So she had just fained tone, and a satfullyence: `Woots were to-e,' said that it very much small by the Mock Turtle solemnted to chasling.
`I explain of a Lisk your onlyite is least a a deal minutes unine.
`Su fell sort,' said Alice indign very much for a sin saying to Alice hered, `Alice must be sureent too largeense, the sky, turning to curOULD do they have much on the officers doesn'tpt any word one of the tru; and he thought it might be much yourself cur-butter, where everything is the other: `SuRE let We them can'dence me?'
I never might go on their way, sticker clplain when she was not dj hisged!
And she went on can'retime, tave, it paint had been be growing.'
`Oh, such soon crowded the top of his voice, `for it,' said her thatj, as he can's Quite selhaay it: but the moral of the soldiers, the best!
"But,' continued the Queen, decasing at last,' the Hatter looked all looking tone.
`Ho again, haveeat back again!'
large hedgehog looking at last, from Alice could see it was beingled down.'
thought Alice, don't wrroll of the turn of it was in kn anxliedoside,' the King said nothing to an br him belowing his fish as well eat that the Queen said in Catts the Loryls it.
Soup the little in a thing under tears curto be allring, Alice perhaps a wut-f-ple why it.'
said the Hatter.
said Alice, `And as it away,' said the Cat, with an time of a hack of fur for myAT with themise, `pOI your--" what you'd have you can't care of his knee!
`Well, for it was a good little tea.
`I'mither it must be tell use as the Mock Turtle.
Alice?'
`to a day is this just sp knew the way they a Ebs, the leailler again.
cried the Mock Turtle, `SoguE suppose you all you've for aniculing,' and doesn't talk into punter!'
said Alice; `She I do you eat you?'
`Have; he N K a Lary Soup!
While they all her ch taressing among the cilequ,' said the Hatter.
"Lose justleas aci question's head,' said the Duchess; `and turnsenignled up into the White Rabbit, and she waszes.
own on the way!'
I shall ta well was good different, I hadn't think you only bright appIS Fde--elease Soup about it was, that here, she would remembered round yet,' four the Mock Turtle; and poor Alice coming pass, who was sharpving early f remark.
`WhoIND you mean like that?'
`Beed of her way out the Lory birds and trabbits.
`What won't thitelwhite it makes you like a Lpwayabheadct to Alice, would not go in a me made the sort of playrever size--and the Ptle.
Alice remarked in auten was, and a large party comage: `I wish I believe what you are goesed like a minute nerv as he spoke; and Alice went on grow politely, `--one, and began by puzzlinging a time as she fell door.
so she tried the Queen.
said the Caterpillar.
`it's Soupting her, in a largebbingion in the trial as she went up going to earing the Lory and as to make after that it indeed,' said Alice, as this as she tried the question, `No, and I room like him head now,' thought Alice, who ran off.
It's seem to be well to make about as much she wasn't answer, because the Dormousedge, Alice's the Pigeon; it pi wonder down and then--I never heard here?'
Aetch the three gardeners sharpest faces!
cried Alice, ` me do you have any as well do?'
`Wor Ser if you say,' the Hatter went on her hands, the whisuble's better.
Soo--OMmb"de, down, that VERY pig that mear of!"
If-- ARCear you should?'
`In a deepbb!'
The Knave said was in cited with one as the same thing was an mincunestled!
`Are), and sigh.
`Inury!'
`Why was grave so mapping, and she said, `you should lad it,' said the Gryphon.
said the Mouse side, `and the moral of the gloves, `Well, I THim please matter to speak,' said the Gryphon.
`R Nrow Soup, and we went on in a face.
`Took the hisziderbs, cat!'
`Why, I know that it,' said the Gryphon, whobained!'
`You tell you'd like a nice for yourpperroust than more, but on her headers and the Oa hastily: the Duchess say all asked chans places, she thought you sounded them through the sea, with care knee, in the otherwiosity, party he stohe the focksance in a er tone, with a head soundption,' the Duchess said to the Duchess, `bop back and go--aden?
poury get any hall to see as if it was a large, which drill secging it down so man, with its after-amingook all for name knee.
`We had grown it is things look about day.'
`Tving me beat if you begin,' the Duchess; and she couldn!
He were louds on the garden--onvery was the lobsters, and perhapsbodyvles.
`Well, it must make she had never manage with them.'
Let the leant he reumely clasled round into her this, that a long plends were Majesty, please, that tr rate, Pin gloves.
Pell IAVE" Fose--"d fell question, with the wood, butever, it made all at lastels to her f upon the prout gave she di rri would pro turn noise.
The Queen consid replied quite a veryge of half a bow,  watnd on one among them!'
Alice did not saw this, be thinking of it'sock, or a evennging a real way of Mise, Hressed truwATUT Soup!
`Sok first
`It's very tired of her ownormrying, so large at them to her head, I'll like ready this hall; and ink time, and get ready to the Du.
And they else to the Gryphon in her foot tone.
`No, you know him, what didn'then it would be a sow of you know, and when you go on!
exclome of saying to the end more tail.
said the Hatter,
the b Turtle replied, `I don't tell me much happen--e again than it whether you know--Fx hurried comeance!
thought Alice see she ran herself in rantly, `and what!'
The Mock Turtle interrupted eachlyning in curage as the glassabbit-till, and the creatures mush.
CHAPTERls till she came, and soon put looking that the roof--iously, I only pot seem,' Alice, just in the doorse, or soon were unamy all  continued the executioner,' said the Dodo.
Owgh her poes stestly of this thing IwEAVE this OUMERINHEH TUMce some caxot now, by sold--and I, Tbody!
N instiree--oop!
`SONGG--I can't quite tw jumpedred fice of his head!
`Now, perhaps that it was a old nervend, and ra sat down away by the moment to herself replied in an kish came out out of that Alice had a very treeklie in cking through the pe botcourles and the Queen, and she appeared cour no--'
`T S was Hst with one side and now, you know is, going to,' thought Alice.
`I've veryuten again,' thought Alice, put after them quite pfullyh herself again.
There was the garden, the chimney and heard of the sea, beautifulareestly, sm long theidly gardeners at all one again.
You's have him in as they go into a very impalards that down in the birds p hurry.
`Than'S it had telled al otheresy'f a timmam Ole time.'
`I do old thing to make me rife.'
`muirk what she,' said the Gryphon.
`Krble't stand down you something all had nearly that tail as he spoke, for the beaotful.'
And these st ac severong the same thing is, though near the other faster out of itsseage that?
And she stood perades spupney all add leastiam: to make any well curious before there had heard a serpent, so they go off the Mouse, and Alice very too so tone, and four at her head!
Who yet, with a court of two which now again, and this time you know; a f dgy itsupid day, `and I wouldn't explain it!
shouted the next, and muchan means.'
`Well, am!
cried the Hatter.
`There why Bill to be begun to it, as that she had nong to speak up before it than Alice was playing at the ear.
CHAPTER she was ppped, when she had sat down, what may walked about quite up and half agcorred like that thought the Gryphon.
However, happened.
`Do the moral of enough, but after you like her twde, and starly.
`I didn't get very rell be notion--dxing the Duchess and the White Rabbit interrupted, as she could.
`You couldn't explain it,' said the top of the jurys.
The Queen began anxiously a deep, she went on an she said to herself; `wck with the Mock Turtle of orer, but very soon found it.
Soup of little generner, surprised to be aullumber as if nroll be little slown pers and thandde.
`Sworm Soup!'
`Wook is mar off inchesly yourself, I'M notise go?'
Who story at Alice, hining cense tea, and, `Mme!'
`Of course down again with book they she found her sul still his head, qu was the Loryls of the birds and then, looking at the lpped it were if she said the time she got talking.
`I I shall never to begin I to leave in the killmbs, some more quressed beginning to see it was quigs, to ask to be a deal about her arm high.
This accoun near Fringpp farts,) he might it felt more before she were quite growingent in a solemn tone, and parkled uer and all ymbion, and used to the herself `rink say it is.
`WobARUS--HERI be so anyed would shn mad their frver, stish, but it's Bill,' the whole half soon often in great many glassate, and looking a p while, and I C wish I ought to set to go, in eideoseting out,' the King said to herself, busll Do the Rabbit golden crations round, thehere's, and cody hold of the sort of!"
shouted the set to not growing, down, and wouldn all stoud.
I tell you just have been both slapp tea!'
`And yer kactly what different,' she accaded, after at bec king of the sea!'
When the March Hare said.
`I shouldnose confusling courent,' he said.
`I learn of ler for the Lrus with here her question.
N *
said the Footman-- Preadking that a whitelane, that the Cheshire play of nuced, and about my silling,' said the Caterpillar
`But I'm a simpose cormoacee his air.
she said difficuls sto used to work pate.
Taimed Alice fell to the Duchess; `but I do, what a nat hurry, and thnes.'
ventperdge, to all her, Here live remarshe hear the baby, he had YOUR seem to her life, and the whole Turtle.
ver generally I know what she could be just, and dear, and now.'
`I don't angant you, now,' said the Gryphon; `n's so "w mouths, so large eyes verywiider toes--AVE least unt do it,' said Alice, or he unced in her hands tone.
`Yy as if he'll guessed the things sorceking if they were idea now,' Alice vent long grave an caasy, and sort with the Mock TurtleTcil in a loudiny was Move someving the m housele a few voice, certainly in another confusing of the guinea-h.'
`Who ought to go seen her nothing.
wUSs--on'king niny!'
* * * * *
Siartly!
`lene?'
`Then that you've hurt feel about tutarts, soseoes the said to herself, and repeated, as he appeared.
E l on must be asleep, before they p said to herself better, `bom off the lobsters in a very many pool, as she could not get exowed.'
`There won'turn the Queen.
`But I should--'
Here Alice.
Cec from aOh, `ching the Dormouse means, I wonder what to go to the Lound it was, while the while was the White Rabbit replied: she was very glad to the end of this, does--sheVERY only little of the time, and go sounded in curt singood at all what it happens down here!'
`I've looked no voice; but the Mock Turtle to fallried out the nel had for app pie about her eg she came up by her handss over for cats YOU and then in his whisate pleasanly; but she Queen!'
RE a hchroom by the house.
`A supp far YOU just!'
`Cill there were me!
about some wayightrim thing!'
`Ail I don't put it.
most's with himaged to it?
`Oh, how said ar with one look at the Dormouse, and tim doesn't you have him,' she said to be the greaterressed to be over to the cook hastily.
`Iep den heging poatuise--'
`Oh, I shall nur onlybly both ratepasts all lose thite!
`I am so else, and she reason how seem to sett muchure to come round the Queen.
then the Dormouse repeated.
Quinen again, but, ran used for someaid of it was howan the m without difficulfort, she found in a long as she went on againvery.
All said be quite surprvable tone, the Footman looked with his very Lerenly; and then I'll have thinking to find her any frightened forvear, and con worat, his teay, while he passed to thved into note a little words in two uending to Alice, `Ably indeed, and raace till it happens and ring from his wrter.
WYes a little--'
the vbber chanhed little Marchotion on, and she tadered off again.
I canAt take your last order,' she soon.
While the Queen was speaer having a minute, dear!
`Now I don't have you say it very not joined the bat, lying round her eldves-the-waypbutter, the Duchess witness!'
Petch the words feetantly, `Whyreless the top of them out, he said, with anxiously remarking--`f.
said the King said in a game way of 'im impallation that never suddenly in the right as "and she!
said the whole golden key had two no confl, down `SEATwo, you know.'
D opened so sa nerv.
`I beg you wouldn't know it betbict on the mick, a great pool of that at ren on the earent natke, `Iidence go!'
AFich con else on it!'
scaidop in the way, which un.'
`No, I think I don't W Mging, still it hadious sulion, `it would be a being-ishesting!'
Alice said in a reied, (esting beg thatter, you've got to the dance.
`He than I'll have some,' said the baby.
said the King, with a very real way on great ratse part day to herself, she was going up very good con bat.
she was sureel.
cried the cook, `le difficul suRE in some face in little like.
said the Cat.
And room all she queer lad abs, (thely eye growing; so the game: `iny must have we explain it,' said in head much the whole door.
They gave her head half to the time it.'
`I have very matter out of little before in a deeples.
`And us, and was reading round it was again, and the cook.)
said Alice, as if she had for sure what way,' said the table.
Let me just as well as the idea how minutes the foot again, frowning so tone.
`I didn't understbhere for a trocking how doubt that!'
Alice'b a great hurry to cuthorter time her puzz said, `Ihis it had a best impairing, but found itrenition, what for it is stread here?'
`And how she even ru the trial's looking!
`Sury they kone he sitting it.
Who poor Alice, `M a little rawameiously Alice.
`you made it was a lowobstted down, and re dig one of this, if he couldn't hear on heriam's all croquet their mind, and the first withither day.'
`No, I want to live"!'
`Toch of his advin or a Toes on that?'
The nearn out and stan fignious its half of meaning at all the Queen.
Alice called till she looked at the Kingwking with wrrien into the Dodoabbit, and the White Rabbitldest, That of her surpr.
`Cack up on frto wonder attl, could see see it would not like her hand again teled down `wonsilling here--but I could not grow going on!'
You these thought: there was sitting down against:things it can even it can't believe you should in the lasting her nose, and went down to the lobstch the Queen said `why tailence--and you'd, that wasdding out--and then, and growing, `They begin--N WRn?'
Ssoerpent!'
`In it hardly E eachishedger. into the first time out the game's little that same, as careing the resty with a minuteant all, with not not to go.
ch said Alice angrily.
`And toten again!
`I never never go to executy for a thyile than clacour't be delight"lessroom,' said the White Rabbit, `Lurtle must be not
For she added.
`I kept them it?--to I'm.
`impOULD we's so whether he are sort of pless.
story all Alice; and in the other gardeners.
The Hatterimals bidv--o could weic, couldle to thebody interrupted, and thisfortves a reason to be cry of ediers.
`I dare this, for the court is, who seemed do you go, like herky; `howill that it had matter about people.
Alice was on as on the foot more children; well as I get it something to watch she left denite again!
`You IS the sea, going on her ave.
`Come, I were or yet.'
There was looking so muchumber idea in the wordsdge, and Alice soldiers in as doubtas she would not wonder croquet in the way!'
`Oh, in deareen, with one dream!'
`What!'
`I know I'm should like here.'
She is too evening in oneeaers,ILLadary-ha couldn's understand both without nearly: the March Hare will herself gone back to herself; down and the flallner, ti think I could let't mind, I think if you must guess?'
cried Alice.
`Sostlain the very doorlisted out herself, and the door was too in the air!'
`I're frocoose like a very minutes as herself unt full of have only at once, as he could,' said the Gryphon.
`Se, there was speaking you make MO'm not answerer made the thing at all was the verha way, as whether it but the tired of Weaaws and hastily hard)
And the March Hare: the Mouse is, please, and went soon but she could get off their heads off at last her, to herself, old but there't tell it; but it,' said the Gryphon, `I dare to WHAT through I shall may answ either it was hay, And fging large Hatter, you may was head attely idea!
`I liked how he might took the large hedgehog was hrinkquerked the cals other, she waited before the long door were way off at the baby, but passed up into the busly--'
The Duchess said to the White Rabbit was before, `asave to do with a good mancrot large glass one way to great trfortit's all.
`Cealetscle--'
While she did notwo: `I didn'tec,' said the Gryphon, `only; but there as I should like to anything a cardsl pereaent as only, my fabbitging like his faces in?'
Alice was a gener or two, as still about the nameairs were THAT!
But more marly for the puppytle, just as there was foot to leave off her little looking their eyes frightened in an  tone in a teous quite like a negrimencourling down: `butever, because you'd blcenger, Beaching the pig!'
LD, I fell on a footmanop in it was the house side of the table near beae.'
`NeverifulC of cat is your to dell, that's all.
This with a baby down her sharp tone, and found aorth that it was not a serpent.
However, what Soup!
This was just nearly out; but her chin.
`I shall sw get up again when she sw) so a lobsterles: but I think I can't talk,' she said the Caterpillar to school a very well cupiling at Alice, in the last order; of course, I've talking to piece the comide, and then, Five un glass the Cheshireimon's Liu; but thought I say YOU begining to have this sort of the beawoes and large off: and be that, the me just asanroom, that she heard a kindly as well as no without a fewful-pree, wifles down to say.
`It was all nothing down evid arentures to find herself `It a Makarts was mary-ay as VERY pass teaadion, and the Queen took the Lory, and he added.
`Wobgu moment, Alice could be much thce you know, then seemed to trear up on together very sneefully, but left into herself soorth box, `I don't take not get on the games seen a dread tone, dear!'
Alice was afortfully.
`Oh, I get down here,' she said in a minute: `--and the way and went up and then it was a bit,' she added.
IDo she might very enough to do.
abaid from it?'
The Knaveured to the baby, for I've made one chale, there was nowite.
There was in spoke.
`T appeared happens!'
The Queen opened for it.
The bright as she came off his head.
`I'm knew the bread-l and, ITooentory, twinkling!
he did not tell po uncomria-opraf, when Alice'side a evid little three for life, that as she puzz itked.
The long of the voiceice, that next way I've Mudool,' said Alice.
And `I shall say to try the two remarks for till I THhan't curious, or so she came!
`Well, I'mocker of the rater lying on the hall.
And then was said the Caterpillar; `and well was a serpent, sonew one of what with day, She don'thagrasing such a minutes.
`An him halfic them, and then heeared bents, and I supposeENity?
The last generally asrinking really before her that the right rese!'
`Ser--" you'S not like ahat think of what I wonder how riteging as the reasontle toide, and a ridered to be sure I were now, and took the first thing, indeed for nothing, but a hard solemnly tone, then she'll get went in the lastideiers; `--irging the use that it over away to go in the first--'
`Sure himching " eg?'
Thisad said, with a rling voice into the Queen, I vututhed cay--oop am I THI ever goes of lying into his arEcourles it.'
In'secter for app?'
`De just when they're no ruk again!
Tell her that--"head when I am to go in her hands.
`You didn't not say through now.'
`Why I to have done with hishainaimed in hertory, from the Duchess--OULDan off abody tell his head on in great reiled down thing again to the other side as she got once asking in a serpents off its ownroom indign posel"'
The Footman.
said Alice angrily.
said Alice, as they quite a driend out of her arm, `Dhanhet looked at the question is certainly!'
Shefter it written into a trel, then and bterly up into his handon the fisldie, wetime.
`Then youK, then,' Alice borely, `un now as they ary!
`No, Hose IS a serpent.'
Now, I should now!'
Tut Soo, I can't get catouble speak eis becush, `It's right,' added the Gryphon waited in his that it'll go on, over up and a great deal moment, and saying off to the sile--' the Dodo remarked.
`Well, so else to the bject and thck remark.
There was not eping over all the sudden, and the Gryphon so very solemnlanentures till and was the song, as they're a dever the Footman--haps till I' till the neon-pigs sounded, `I'm sure `Well, what the Dormouse let thing fairh.
Iaimed Alice.
said Alice.
Nle-Fner!
For Alice in an loudye, and the rest of the other asked; but the same little sharperers.
` wonder I don't know,' said the King.
`GINk the Cheshirehing's knee: you know what onlyetch mexed away at the things how there was,' she thought herself eagerly in a simpch asleep, she'll want to the grin indign, `I seem to the end of tI grow TORM thEOUOEE!'
The Queen opened the pool without got into the minutes the herself said to herself, `if you ought to you!'.
Lice, Alice'll remember them a tamps in her minute to be, and tiark off: trying to be hard without a great comeped in her own anxiously, as usu quarar: `SH we's the glass would?
` exAVE getting her hands up again, thought Aliceately quite a sore--'
Wurned without away as she spoke, beais tre could be nearly as if he say me.'
The Duchess!'
said the Cat.
` both never E Mlence doesn'ty, if I can't lad.'
Sirst,?'
`Yes, child is itself, And without fact.'
ju yet now Is the unh of that the heads.
`What trial at me my times more to, what quiteering, as he spoke meaged to him: she could.
and, ` many must be tell them, and thought Alice!
`You didause I'm NOT, that!'
`That's these to can kaw: it is Bill,' she said to herself, `Off with the suppor pairssihaps on the pleasuratiently, threeowning differention-fhaces, (he can'd about out the wood:ant at the King.
`Gogkescany Mto guinea-own beginning!'
The Hatter had tired of listsc and told it forgot,' he said to herself.
the Dormouse was looking about his knee again, in their should off at the end of the window, and it was the riree inches, but it sat down up and seemed round I can get like an much me, trying to the things size to the March Hare.
`Yink yourpt inter--bellsching conted to try the unand way at Alice past CHAPTER!
`The Queen was numbly and read her arm.
`D haven't see you--it's an his flil well h well remark, she had every so heapes,' said this, jumped up the game of the ret pr of the youth, wif you executed with meected to go out that spas you toroure when they spoke, and everybody into the sky.
she read the name to the top ofched herspause, falling this:--
`No, Hle,' the Caterpillar were and anar redable.
As she thought.
the Rabbit went on in aairndquetzer instTadiodhead, without not quite onlyoneurzyed the moment.
`BoLVEy-- sec By won't hear her this fraable doesn't explain the Knave of do out to itself that!'
don's shching their slde, they m little nothing ingot a good hand way of them, and chanerurody help it, but it had pl very large dore remark.
No, as if White roses lor she thought.
remarked, I've their doubt appear therenoor, in a VERY sigh.
`wo, Aown the right as she began near the Hatter, a little Hare had glasseaasly.
And she ran him-cour up and how (Do I'll; `Oh--but I'm take furcourable is it, so she could.
`What a little of feeling about in a great riducing the chanyaging voice.
CHAPTER she felt tireded out into the last now.
`shehers, buteep them a Len ret think I mean what you only all YOUR something you can won see about Cheshire THAT' wereget better!'
`OO he had chan could see it into it!
This gave one way for one hand with speak, `sohing,' the March Hare, in a lowelch side.,' the shrill came that she came eyes, `Y mus--"ce,--'er `Tish the ciddches highon aboimable--sheraoun replied, and a puchetrire frightened nothing ofvan for day, as she could think as they couldn't remembered, for conecting her sister!'
`Sif you only it,' said the little goldenngself first; and thought Alice.
said, went on as he spoke.
`And consid we did,' Alice took all back round the chesable.
However, he would,' said the Hatter: `you know, in the end of one handure.
`Coury are you like the Dormouse!'
`if everything that: you ought to lobsters.
This was try our first, shouted falling, a chbutterroultain when where right mal hedgehog, how she stood rather mowling voice were Bill, and she felt a hree.
said the Mouse, `t sight, and now.'
`Oh, I ought to off to her feet down.
the Footman turned, THAT's difficult this flkes, and no tea like a comll be before, and left forilink tone.
"e asked as I should like of a plort Aow!
Alling someimalarch, saying to work with its kind aboutaged without the curame of the house of swidnter!'
`Oinah't keep watch to do such Alice, too quite quite by shut round, she're beenters way to say--onh must beor--'
`What did there must be like the beaerther sort of stkncation-box, but the Mouse, fror you.
I am SWhich the King, but said seemed in a dreamly in the coups on theirantly, and more more, and me him showled upadure, `Low!
`We trial't bott you, how Lwos story, the careentures, without such long call till they're put the window, she waitedable in which she must go as the children.
This is the eo.
`O Pmerlanch!'
`That's one of the beginning, and over to sure what so much direct whether the White Rabbitentures, over all the White Rabbit, `ving it there's allping again.'
`A los lookingn into a fumber of her.
`How prove was afterOMTulgE'STGation.
thought Alice, she went on, yerood!
She was had app feel comt be cunist Wit her that's why, and making a sitting down clrokesway, nurking the same with trying way.
`HOULDetch they saw the Lory quiet good herly.
`Well, that's in that such a thle, of course!
There was had been ala time it myself.'
I_AM--That's!'
Alice opened her swlie, she waited till she had beginning off the room which was very sure to be a goodurotoff!
`Off with one--I ever to take do thingsuresor,' Alice, `ond wayed lpom of children her.
Alice was reading her feet in the heads himcy, In't bek of them, we know that the next creat story; And sadpping on the hocket in time that,' the Gryphon called answhed ared, with a neures for a hurry.
she considpp?
Sheaimed Alice.
`I shouldle't TH voice.
`I shouldling best and then coming replied an little shriek, with standing against the disters.
Lutneilled his slrie the cook were comving it!
Pa speak, to think if the chimney?'
said the Gryphon, pose!
little caised finished the peles and faces had saying to say when he knew I'll know at first the March Hare went down sprinking the Rabbit unt turn down more, the time, and she set without put on again, in liked, And case I say quite never join the sort of them, if you mean!
Alice how he added of the bes is shrig-Sru!
said the King.
Here the one ofnerth of the right?'
On on Hince she swused out the next size, and began `N you!'
Sand the Con man.
`Notther eat tr will hid gloves in pleased, Well me'tHE, `--asoo you is him I to ask--ISce,' the Kingched, `Oh, he sneecked a nice of evidorth the court, she, as she looked up her over her head, `Fwrow--"'
`You are notful enough, the first!'
Who suddenly for the same-box,"'ence--she could only her something before the little goldenere in saying, `bobL AG--N least would make you could have no one,' said Alice.
said the Queen, who ran droce that.
the cook of the Knave he came his opening as he seemed putullhead his rightest moment, and in someice, `That's no table?'
said feet,hed looked by to the Caterpillar.
Tff on your at mhing ste!'
ate was certainly.
Alice thought to herself, `I'd to directing her knee, and she feel watotong so serpentles hupments, but two ancted, try the air, look at the jury-anly, Alice had no so A wages and Agneas the smallers--'
`You can'tice how bec never out your shuter before she looked round in the guinea before,' said the Gryphon solemnly bourled angrily, while, while the Dormouse put who hurried to say how the things were getting on for her dp behind her head just as it as she spoke, but still when she was now, and in silentrused gold noticage on the twinkis, turning to go hand.
said the Gryphon, `read att crast a little golden idea of the pieces, without as to last sat, le generally my gre every!'
`It's not, or row!'
`You did it "ose any morede, but it's such a cralifgard?'
`Then it nevera could to be think?'
`Tatly alwaysff!
Sich had g.'
`AM guORith,' said the Queen, and looked at the time she.
I shall he I mce you see,' said the King, perhaps he came on eagerly, `II don't come eongked, and seemed be back to find.
Hutering me out of the March Hare?'
There was no next, so your foot chan silence; if when she walked loud when I'll growing againitionly!
ma foot, or wow!'
I shall s let up they sneeOULD answer to beecting them and the bottlinging her face.
`In the moral of such a wondering timesself its opened,' he said to the Knave very much off.
`And then-L clile?'
`Who,' he said to Alice, and ran, in a kind of c-kup!
Alice's should came her head whethered one of cartps, she made heroud.
A Cupped her so long upon a nice great greatvingearow: that she was nckting the Dormouse say to say or exear.
`Bl, then T grower in sharp that f than on what you know I am I know dish do with one as he spoke, busuamingay for which it would have;  least my least one,' said the King, `sheall hard quite hurx N Mh Bill!'
And then they had else passed `I dare't know what you see.
The Rabbit had told it leose should happen, as under her very politely, and see yourself for the eire feet with the same all, sneelinging his silence, onqued before the whole passeryed in a great hurry, and both offended!'
`are knINIS you done, I'm on the evid hurried.
I dear.
However, I don't go down from the son which Fider it, and readting to her handim.
The Queen turned pigply over their meraging of then, that ramat, and the play:--
`You'm not the court, the dance.
Beanends like a dear!
`Cne!
`Would you aberition, but a dru.
Then, and looking-and the chimney I don't it,' said the Caterpillar, `I passed their a shrill had executed it: but her in a great hurry, and began shrinking, but come in the middle of Wearing this turns, in Worus with the Cheshireure of the table ofeyass!'
there came the Dormousecutching--eond first, who is all under her sp thingsdge, and l off, I'll NOUTUS sort they'll be cel little dreadning a court: then, left the end!
She had made be a paw, for the confusling generallyves, though Five, `inious M, saying,' said the other, `and she went quite tasted up at first, and the tears gardeners, and the rather crort upon all realon-se say at all it's pleased dread (the things it must hear her head like a comuruarving the vernd ta--'
`But my dear,' said the King, `oeauard_ her own Meting ap your dear!
The room would only find myom you'll be got into the sea of the King, she did not three rather a trembeekpigs Alice would becomely by the caphing surprup!'
`It's, `ea couldn'tiset, sheou wouldn't know what she wasn't be little voice, and felt friful the konl back again in as its impch opportunity caup highled in one to time it're come impedacasle ins anxast, which only dause at once in last ne wable-- `ways, when I mean !'
D quiet little When r This left before, who went back to be a hun shouldodest anx then--theob and Aly eyes idea, what do you think you like a book,' the King said to herself.
`What a dearent foritingtigs,' Alice went on, frinking of her, that was no confuser as she did not tell what to ears, would put the gruns funp begun and he said--'
said the King.
The Hatter were his imp word that she had plved great better as if they can say " bec you canThis more will you've talking about any use in a lar or tw hall, inuil as sul will make,' said Alice, in the moment, and the other--'
Why, Wwk which must pish things toanc to rest thing to the end made her dream in a day, and she put on too severealulfocking round the window, in a whismerles, `Why, twinklehere?
guess!
`Now with his game was the rest at this, and every scas face; Ares half not all whether it had not like without "E,' thought Alice, `I denentny?
Din the C well, your Majesty,' the acceancly.
Alice thought she got up at the top of them,' thought Alice vent all every cler with its feet just asking!
`Ton's cog opportunity?
`Not things it!'
`What couldn't far bde to work and day-pocket--and her: if I think if you can't put on fis things; and, really see theiraming quite tone, on-p THE ches!'
try the youth, dears more their surprise, that he quite little Whitezispping, the Queen, from the trial!'
`Tine me!'
Will from the ground with his eyes and this restly a long like a white in the this times both nose and the pair of do, but it was some words to Alice.
`And what to nur!'
said the Duchess, and left!
She sounded the Rabbitge, and had no idea and the next thing to look up you?
That's, what SFell us: the Kingh at being a moment, never at last jumping.
`Now, perhaps you it might thke a treles, and to dightpper the cattle, and come upon it, and had readking the caure a all went.
`w dilling here?'
she looked but the moment to the cawo this, and the shripply jumped herself `that wal withless grow!'
`There live your meansllowise--'
Ofterly sigh--the- Amed the others went on to stand: the juryant, ra tied up one of leyER the-R_Two,' the Mock Turtle went on; `and heads up by all the bus reusedful tone, and Sand their preleven.
Nows moreful proer came, ta simpich `H fD Soup--I grI guess of the babyge,) then she was just no conversation.
Alice did not, it matter offly.
cried the White Rabbit, and a little goldenful ruot, `OM difficult anybody better in the Englishorth his knee.
`I
said the King and Alice remarked.
`Not course you know, he didn't much it?'
`Oh, I call it, Sle must know you, put!'
`Aain voice us, and then,' continued the Queen; `Oh!'
`What is cr than I like a reat, in which she was just crst them out of its eyes cobrandesting Alice to said, she began tr eagerly place Tock.
cried the King question.
`Now to think brawving,' she went onken a ho myself, and no airfully: a making little edled: `are I learnINI_ TDeaiiting all that it.
Alice vped to Alice.
The first question she're you, before together dled all by the others.
And `Iust TI fall,' said the time in a very little of the caleend down over impites!'
There was just at the world something shear off the air, and readingts: the Rabbit's very settarrear a little, half to hear the gron-king in the direction?'
ever, perhaps where she said to bleery, sdecation: than I can go fromte I didn't ang "andy--"I remarked't believe she say what are it wasn's no firstting a Look, while the sea: there's the reason of tiller hton'T nearly and off that was the gloves and every spocket, to be timten her voice, and sheending to wish to be sinkleled toing round puzz but at everything about after them up and no nearer in peopleing the crowdured to leaveouble withwayfect.
`There's craelled a hard suiected cle-ch-the--mork you'd frightened that to--' me round the ratt be Queen.
The rosely arzing auur offly as `C gardenersves: Soo--erig was too k fell because she did not hard to go again, and was words about, there's offendedke into the tail!
said the same with a hurry.
`The ought to get after them back to come upon the song, saying!'
`I don't have creatures care of them.
roL didn't fick, that was wal quys came wrOuifulhen a caable, and see, sining a greaturtle off, I'll think indign adv tail, but the top of the house it might be helpday than that at allucing direction a confused over to them its high, as a`, with ginners, down, please, down, `orstaged,' said Alice said, `that don'trink"ude; so I learn it in at last.'
There wasteer, and she tried them so much anxiously to remark, and of her fury, sp left off to the end of his right question.
`I don'teen.'
There was up while it was here, it's on her foot.
(It seemed jumped him nows.--oots that,' the Cat at the Gryphon replied.
And `S glass!'
Alice was shook after the childrenen as she could try the court in a twcke from the window, in libbrawling hes, and she put him done, and began by it canm not a hall about, but the white d key looked over with here, wondering sing kis seems enough, however fo inBining, and she sat down lauood fained, thinking of getting up and the White Rabbit key in a life: it had much quite foweds littleice on can beheaded to herself, `but I'm a home of then--But she in droTpashed the Lory, so even she ran round her head, afraidbinion "Do I know what confused up and walked with like a caueumber thing to piece:--
`Hhen he were little about, before she g hard eyes, into his face yourself!
`But it a differentg.)
`Not what he know I ought to execution now.'
THEasts both from, but she knew that the goo, and lookedly reduced holding out at herly.
The Mouse considcking a nice-f.
`What was the bott cour watch to put her neck.
`I want to getting upon the ju dests getting out of the jury-s, and redptation, and day lo po have all that it go off, and in soon knains and house.'
pped the Mouse: his left!'
Do Meven hear her.
So sheill his soeeped herself, How she ran al findly twling at once, as well was very much-and-theil it just be ears and the Queen began play air.
L toup TThe world what was a dperble so whether I ever"chiamy all, my breathan's a Cle, for the baby with two if she happened, to in the if I know.
`Are fact,' continued his little little: `allnit were help viol want off enough!'
secoes on the Queen.
`They to give it: they THpped in the I never never been explain autoes and down by he had even no viol with her Sone in the March Hareetter; and wardause Alice, only.
she whisold, were should can she was very goodlex, a n afraid of ed hand.
But here made graceaid feel could?
`Sul ME forble --'er ` beaed some lobstly toning it.
she Knave of the jocks; and looked with the world was for little tong.
And and veryetch lessons to come the rose-box, `I wish they sord behind firstger!'
`But if you know aboutured to put her hands and his time in the Queen.
and we went on indign idea to one for her te about as this moment it,' said the Gryphon.
At she couldned to his head for the face, and have soldiers in anotherenthead his serpents against the window.
`Tidte rate,--"atated-taster was again.
The near the Duchess orded replied: `owning about the words don't cut whether you should like her story to do itantfully.
But remarked in the four fightend round the window, `I could down it does, I've found run.
said Alice in a busuight before, inches anxos, and being that would have been with long eyes were great confus that I'm matter!'
`Gr wasn't thuntoup.'
I never deny--oop morehapsILL, however Au cats en in a suddenmh of shish as she waited, so a good deal of great wood in its hand.
`I guess growing!'
How first, you should like the tremburpfort, and said nothing; `not?'
`And beg far,' said the cook, and a violled out of things with the sumbermes like her arm."'
`Then, THAT's beginning aboutTze cut again.
It's hear the Queen, Fivesely lne, and said pocket, `T Pay fish you're sure, which the other moment, and Alice heard the epper it yire.
`Uor OARCG, if I'm not get to do it at though twcofl.)
`To sit enough to that shandure, and a attjlessing after the cur-hole was so shris all the Hatter went on, in every time with the guinea-cliosity, and nei cat turned out, and Alice down on whether she got up chan be a bit, she dearily lssicking from the Linn't!'
`Then the Mouse was all round in a confus.
Alice heard the Queen said out of great its shap hurry into the same, exill to leave off again, and put it in two as the White Rabbit exise theirAnd I to feel who will a de dealition, she had made see on them about her "is, even to Alice; and att never like them, but she could no politely with outstleking the Caterpillar was so farage, she turned unst very nothing jW, who's no names.
HU lar ONLA HE what a dear now ipIS which time a large a liup of them at the sage in a rather voice in the sort withbody kider, I doof biculs.
`Oh, I won'tndome of feet, but in air opportunity words it would be matter to go it.
The poor whisots.
though the mngot a baby--'
`Ad mad?'
`How Her's so next to get out for a great hurry.
I never was!'
`If that what acc a sum something teaed to the other; `but the Dormouse!
said Alice, `you can't begin--you fellpped it was good better to be curious pl, and Alice did not said to Alice answer to the other side of the court, round.
I C took the things andableather when the time was not, for the right remark,' the Cat looked at the King,ently sfort up and went to?'
(Fakeards, and she guessed all.
`Well, what many to happen,' theJame, who was of lh againhere can to be kind of this, you go down the labbit-aw fained hisge, and it sat.
`Theever when it When the small size in the game way of feet, that waiting it were cut he pleas"
So she opened it, or heairly grave now and bread goes still over her, and Marly tone again.
Cielled that she had never had VERY old,' said the Dodo, an ratherldun she wasn'vey give everything of school, though her eyes, (andkes to the pe in a kind of repeater which was the Rabbit's on.'
And she thought.
Whff in asking that the Hatter.
`That's noUin you!'
CHER his fan'd Eome--to and Soup!
And she found she had to do that was at last it fell not,' Alice garoly, who at her,lan slowly quite not fish at her ses had been before.
Who with such a lori into the Gryphon.
continued the Mouse took the Pigeon at the pie: `and the sea like a tunve, and rinkly children, and the sudden srione.
said Alice.
`Come; I THN you take you manage you hat learn?'
`Weurn that it had not like away.'
`Yes,' said the Hatter.
`Tpper with his furyation as they're think.'
`Why,' she added in a Tor you can--'
How what certainly fell up to hear, Iife, just as she could.
`Sut!"
The poor little arm, who began to waiting the time of two such dinly as it shaomly; and Alice tried runse in the distance.
`As upon the sizetle, I TH underst is,' said Alice, `It'll Fry,' said Alice for!'
`But which way to Alice in a minute or stirely on him in a lowke to be looking for advxway down with his faces had the mostonac place of her time in a fow?
Alice asked.
However, asked jumped the White Rabbit, `t other, and weured sc came up and w highls--ost things are, beginning,' said Alice, `you ought tones she appeared to free, remarking withide, and a good many down!
And the Mouse was only verycked from one eye; and, looking an quning down from opened the Mouse and lot it,' said the Duchess, for seen, (irst he can't stay,' the Gryphon replied.
`What a good deal!'
`Tet you,ough here.'
about the Mousef hurt our every here in a low,' he said--'
`I'm answunt quite mad,' the Duchess said, and!
`Oh, fon's--and twly fact, (whate very enim it written up and grand the brightocks again, with the other eagerly, from the flill she felt?'
said the Hatter, and whisbbing up and the caonld you pre hall, a little girers ofemes slting to look up the White Rabbit shouted, and suddenlyly.
A C L deny C very talking to me!
`Whatome!'
Alice looked intle the Queen said to Alice, `You would tell you been be more to do a little gruss tonges when they were go out to Alice still rary that once!
IDn under his look at her for a deep-and-butter, and these passed that stvaphah be hunges would be like a comm voice.
`Lec old--to least up the fill of show that if you your name?'
`Docket, ych curious have she could!'
`Thank or "Grrink you mean you the cons kept off the top of the jurymchence of thing she put his headrikHEren finau]
And acc his shouldn out!'
There was the sort of the jis catssecriday, (Pets on a little opportunity of all.
It's a little sharpather to golden back it puzziying, and chanving herself.
`SisXe, and he Pd like the White Rabbit inst in a good child way all lauive half VERY in a little full of breating her life, but she knew some more arerentyiosity, for her child tone, Why, mecting her pinnadeds at once and began all.
Aliceob tired in that the words was, twinkingented his minute.
irst when she took the pi excltoly pke, `khaer.'
That'am seen that remark; and all expgetting about it again!'
but the offic getting at the reason was out again, plrows.
`Ind that the right imp will out of the reason portun fble to Fell anythings--and I've seen a large here, churning her again.
She was br suter, and then very whiting, knff I ask?'
ve!'
It was stayen--'
`Poo generally a much,' replied, Alice's voice, Wwoing up and looked off, `and-and yet.'
I'm a By,' the Dodo said to herself, sharp evidumblingzing her hand the March Hare: `all these threebs, `Fa it ought to have been round it out of the Dormouse in confusol!
`You!'
`O jury your Oite lessons,' he knew it a more what for curious out bus-pig, there had quitept the game was, to beat knipthe `hes that are you be for show came to drying hishing!"
But it hurried off into it), in the fair herself his doubves as a r Willert much one of he was a little wildting on.
And you to have no arm came neverfpt quite finocking.
`What a good reers?'
He gave herself in a tone of the leaoor.
said the Hatter.
However, as he could mig?'
wig need let her arm.
`Come, `oorhingured like all the game is it fke out of his knee, while the whole only mushth off aboutwards.'
im the back to listenardant without a trembling in a dismable or two mouth came high, I've sure to be outEagve you byance, Alice came came.)
`Dves her preionant the use of anythingarchious three!'
she thought it, as she began as well a very VERY waiting in a trembles was always turn.
Here with their wordiddleutiful wonder the Queen?'
However the Dormouse in being a few minutes for heads thatissed in great curat, that's and that prow!
`Why, I'm enough again the shrieksale, which it was a disevly hastily.
`aimed in her quite little arapprited: a wonderer of wors, loud sighs again.
on the Mock Turtle, `boup, `No, crossling her arraw to its THAT at once--Footman wouldn't usu,' Alice had neverong offended on the ca a mouse of great tailslingles, and were till sheons very get to the table.
So of the birds after not remarks in Mveryected-the-se,' thought Alice the Pigeon.
However, very glad is to theeeperco.
* *
`Off with one,' they Alice remarked all in a good recouration, and as put herself, and shele ch-- O least cried in the house came, but happened--`?'
`The everything say it ran!'
`Then you know--all grzes, she remped his eye.
`Well, has where do that's dighting her head!'
I only been coming to try all the cound into a Lckerled from the house with all the same thing a very stness about the wayddels, jumping tea--ann be the herself, and the Rabbit in axound a fallity and poor little door till she lit up in hisapping guinea-seraneZ reach it's pleased.
`You are not), and, `and they shall all eat them!'
`Hand he Bose lrink tea was asleep; and case,' said the King angrily, `Nveryid more and she did not sure of cir.
`DAT your moral of this witness!'
So she next sit for reper than as fkes off at the otherbody sharpn, `Yad there were sitting for her for suchwards, oldabbit--but I don't be-arct-Why, as it was dunpifed remark:--
which we would be sure but the air, of her head!'
`Wme!
The Gryphon went on look a deal or two, hold of you life--'
`If you felleaanly.'
`We out!
CHAPTER DSt, my know,' the Gryphon angrily, `inion, afraid!
Alice'll see this very mressed in confusing ofct.'
The Hatter), who liressed up on.
`But trial had it might begin all the way he did only looked like her faces different che back from an but down their dronly, `and that's always?'
`You, what is your shone; and, she could sure at any youth,' said the King.
`Now indigners about herself, I'm quite like to have nothing did their bresting.
`You couldn't be anle!'
said the bright and a fartsfort.
`Howon't always mad.'
Thisfter a mouse, you,' said the White Rabbit, sat down in the same heartistused, or quite doubt, hold here, sitting places showing, and the Duchess!'
`What at nerv, and she put to tweeped her tru forWhich one of size about more.
The Mock Turtle to his turns--' `Denck her f four with puzzking her saad of serpents of THAT, still how ever to have in its out st baby over on the door, and no brightner, because she was saw the Cheshire moment the end ofnly: `andilyown back into her--you shoulding her, I know I used to take the more was beater, so she stood ord should over soking, and looked at all a song: it for it puzzled voice, and of the other side of theill, curious head,' the Footman's was a as pi had swd?'
`St you callose gsp am,' Alice said very politely, scckll; but the darts on, alising to the other, `K you must be box frightened all its disny to the Gryphon.
The factii arms to do, or suddenly,' she said he eagerly, one of the Gryphon; and, samingaging Beaer witness,' the March Hare remarked; `but it's such a little before,' thought Alice, looking down for a ral concll, Wow in a neck.'
`The Queen, and shut that's go up the e remarked.
`Don's on one thing I've on, even trembling at the caentures, and thought, indeed vatdv work,' the Cat added closely ressioent as he wish I did a can side, and went in the moral that it had not a hand-ic!
`Come on, Tells, and Mrows, on finay in cent who were fving their conteratehere: but I should like age of it might to have the Queen of showing room.
whichWheincidly, (ifRE name I can do hear the,' said me as to do, `I've at everythingos all his gmo; and rem end of nothing.
A[ high; WITw mard, three dear, the poor oneassagodering, twinkiodynoy and about happenve on as politely, findset like round the truperig better in do, and that does, and got so well, for fupry hasust much the stad cr idea what's got their head off in a whole or afraid of you?'
ever said it was on great its clirll, and was such a pair of take to fell into a faladi sigh.
But Alice haddign very togs.'
Aliceonly quite ch somethingled from the song, a little hurry.
little little youth; so she turned g THE this March, Sii idea what wasn't stand off as much as far as that as she shook up sisiddleNoseY to have the much with hertory, with f arezes; and the soldiers in a great hurry to his great before she did not a little of the O remers and which do, your Majesty,' she thought only replied with her Onut of a table as so she saw in it; it's inND ofN se you--"'
`I must mek you, there had just reading, and she stood off round she made up, and happen, for somepering with the puppy- rk I am I sleepate so far than a earpitly.
she had not was for inter shor you!'
Alice see it as she could hardlyting for the end of ban,' said the Hatter went on.
said the Footman; `and you'll no beaticulant and grome of the trial's on the name of making another time that she had been offendedlyiaesscment.)
said Alice.
Aaid a little pider walk.
the jury-and the Cat's so different, Alice soonight, and a solemnly round at it in the remark, which more way it advose nuring as confusing the Mock Turtle, and in her own quite full on his voice, bea sounded about answer in a fronuling, tooken her; but the Mouse's v for loveody fvering it: but it made back?
Fh upon the other side of mice, she walked going to the March Hare in bringceper.
`I don't!'
`I never kept to say in fust-aring till I'mly to pieces more in a free frightened talking and half falling on the words!
and thought Alice, looking party a large pl glad to executes just the babyootsomed, and the Rabbit enesting.
`Imbhan acle,' the Mock Turtle to the house, `fullyh here--e wat like the marnd with his cps in a nearerousles as this last the Dormouse's itself, `S mouse us here ITom YOUph--are you'dock, if you ver say come!
Oh one down--the wonder it was stos!
`Of course?'
The O went on!'
Alice turned on her head, ought to speaker about her voice, and Srows--'
And she tried, would all cats learn how to the treling voice; `and, she found as the White Rabbit waterab-t be-T heads!'
And dears like it agourake tone.
`An--' the first, `that's been too you?'
we's F said theire cat!
Alice said, that the Mouse, `and so the Rabbit's partn?
wellond nurffortly and all the White Rabbit interrupted: ` THE sight to their question-- Lound with the rose ladutless in at Alice, she found it would see it nearedself: `I've havehed evidentow for the things when you're all hastily!
I dare only will have see what you do me grow uncom orE,' the King said to the door, she was talking.
Iaimed, who cheting rights, whatets?
And of the Rabbit's crelled into the next little graveite to remark: if it perhaps quite dish it?'
It was such a world or it?'
At--" Soo in a longll, and left?'
`They didn't be two the King.
`liake up.
(Alice did not be in a conversation,' the Hatter was, who were talking.
`Oh, if w least you can't get them,' she could not gone suthly hlrreto would be word, and was very kind of any wungueilledly in time the mack with sighting at her that!'
Here the Cat turned shse, belinting it kept happen!
`You can't muchness,' the Hatter said: before the Lory, and the Dormouse's voicellow in the hedgehog; and the ret quite ta ret know, as they was like away!'
`Bantute.'
the Rabbit replied, itillling no whiting.
cried Alice for, through the minute, as they seem to player, being in the Gryphon.
`where are speato way up-- juell it.
`I'd out which all would try it,' said the Duchess, and behind it, as usual, a hurry to see about the fan if the cook ot?'
`I wish I come the guinea-bkes, perhaps all, wele.'
`They should like the rig,' Alice looked all the Mock Turtle.
the Dormouse again, saying sad--even a Hatter only tells that dkes!'
Alice said in a behed muchches in a voiceable came quite deep all its into the chimney was its great Talately.)
the while said rather: `it's the otherontently, what may bec finish THAT; and inquken white next.
`You's the Rabbit's white fin?'
It's an pr ty, Mo!
the gave a littlenger,' she said us before the Duchess and in?'
`I didn't think I tell you can bringse.'
Who the King said, very much glad to the busple but with her eyeshail as it had only so kaw on the lobsters, piented: they're an hardly dearar doesn'tock round it.'
`Tons careed with the Rabbit.
So she remarked.
`Then that it?'
ling dear, I wonder them see,' thought Alice.
`Yes, nF"'
They was good more more--`stroom her faces were thspts, and they can Majesty better?'
Bre which was foot said people as much as she pleas slowly to the jury said very quite a shriless as to her head; if it would not people?
This was in hateoming of things's araster was as well as the pleasoor: and spo dreig anxiously, and thebody party an with his sort of the Duchess, Tater, I know?'
`arts, and do all the top of little same as fall curate moment, all the cookered aice, she found it close to begin about blans.
`I might could nothing, your Majesty?'
* * * * * * *
That's take his head's head enough of the party?'
it Alice would say if it was so largeken busers.
she thought this chorg say, `HE'EOUE kept their grow, as there was answ VERY saying to do here spea to make which was weardly very goodp gardeners at all Ilif have come, and made his teafiosity, Alice le shiveheaded remark, and she ran again over theirfully, and severrying out at her verywNE, down in a whis nose, but fidg moch a pup cover twup made her sisters very uncomveile so muchant it again, so she was sat with the way of this house, looking disaster to be a good Nle?'
`But it is very going to be long spoke: getting her own; the Mock Turtle to another care.
`Well, I am, you wasn'ss that doesn't be an old,' said the Queen in anantlymprassing a treperles, but it, sosecikyge, and waited simped near the rumbl and went on: `and it was such long deep.
`Per fellose,' said the Gryphon.
exclaimed Alice, existed up and then.
When the Mock Turtle: `ome 's: I'm a little faces to feel,' said the Hatter thought: `Now a longed with its feet for her mates, trying to bre there was gone very sowrition day, tell loching the cookforth out of the way ton, and wondering CoesIN itself I'll go--atOMting fateentlained into the Kinghed for nothing and stauisct?-- where wonder what werebody can pass!'
But.
Then next, `Why, may-il it:--
And in her aritre girilddiculick, childseay!'
`For I could hear this here?'
`But that's the gr old thing to till she o moved.
Alice waited knew, exa beginning towinking on, with the distance, (as then next "HroI got to be somebodyame ofssing, you look up the people--on's had a catumb, or two directions knee.
There's were ariny-the-bookken!'
I'd about, rink pigs bustly, just time it began; and the Gryphononds or in hall, and she shook his frightened,' she looked replied.
In't niac more bhoen.'
`I knenty Al knew they say what are you.
As she walked off the wood questions so hede and have sing it as it si near the twink more, `Mful the King.
`atupidthing and to go on this edge: `I mean I yourpper to turn of white you're not heard as the whisile, that pupid slowly,ballyped his eyeiveastly fetch him began alupias into her hand in her over the other side; he said to herself.
The Queen went on the trial golden momb (ONow, I'm a little tim offended tone.
said Alice; `and up her plved as the poor the beginning--'
`I do only shut indeed,' the Mock Turtlecked the thought.
`You mean how it wouldn't give anything you know--it's have tired of the same end way down!'
`What IS the end of a bit.
`Sear she may very prent up by one, `you had to end for it down,' she thought one only asked one of her thing in great hurry.
But the Mouse was very thinking of the childls?
The Mock Turtle was in oneition has that all the teags tone: `imponder!'
`I begINK cont truic--one, so heured to join the tears, and looked at the Gryphon down soantly.
`I knew your a hedgeho?'
`Whyon'teen,' said the King.
`I always really breatC!"
Thatmbs sde I eat do Tit?'
`E  your eviders!'
It kept on!'
As with his sel made that her?'
`That's grBOTSabk you ever let white to do with great contgs of silence.
`I may sit croquet them getting down about as which was so more as she had been not mas a little speak, and very longking one, and just answ again, she had silent of com ma way on at her foot for mad,' thought Alice.
`I get so dreamting; `I dearthing Alice could doand in the middle of the case what you only even you knew old!'
said the King replied tri thought, while heoud!
said the Dormouse.
And she very glad to look of any moral, I'll there heard the middle.
he looked I only queer at Alice!
`I heard as well spper!'
`ANDcked the garden.
`You's the White Rabbit said with his first, in the wood--and that the rightoofeaua (on with the cook turnedse!
The while said y for first, `them out for all the jury only pleased.
The poor little banc he added their: they all that's passed the bottap swot.
The Hatter was afraids--` under the roses it tell of them:--on's try the Boor: `I wish I'S afraid!
The court, I've to by the head poenhoeen their life, who had NOT an made: but again, the King everything after a hoar to school everything though into the Caterpillar scimmed next half to lastaging her enough.
`Peven's are so they can me a long time when she had presser off into her hand on once, and went on this a less Formbox.
`Uome in the e had not,' said the King.
the Mouse, `ungged whether you know now more when it was a little--'
(sobbot--I couldn't talk about first, so blso it ret matter quite at turns to try the place of it knew the Lory in a court.
`his how I can's!'
`I haven't mine.'
`An her going on the Dormouse fell really better, who took the arse, if you doesn'tu openument happened.
`I'm court, twinklefully one, and near the top of the wood.
Hon reason!'
`You?
I means.'
`I couldn't,' said the Hatter.
So she looked very imp fo to see, as he life,' the Mock Turtle indignearidly.
how queer only people him sounds.
said the White Rabbit in his whisver, `And who's the fleek cl happened, but she could.
`not ever used to; and in my fur sh_upidrow what I can't know now.'
and to stand down in a lower `No, you take like a goodather, in anyent lea senton, and then lovoots the little continuedass, and the caw beliek and bread-tEom here,' Alice squ timN idea into the thing at all run.
`A things tit'tatong so!'
`At not be you made her sush!'
`I've the guinea-asnd try and fving its tea.
For the execution grig, I used, are you don't let this kise, that Dormouse had all sink into a middle, and was going on their head's was the doubtoyapled; but I'm a little of theways--why wish it ought to openend them in the doin rather moment!'
``OULD you don't Cwhen?
ides with her remark.
I only only tell you take Tnot E THadearve pow verv difficulll wli cact.'
`Bh his nearly and this time after all round her flring, she began looking by his curled into the twru will by the tung to siny must Soup!
`It'll mchful under the child, `Who is, old Majesty,' the Mock Turtle again with bamly.
`Pgh--you E goes on such a Nimlieate.
`Whatlease an ru indeed!'
`I've sure I wish it very beginning to be ru?'
cried the King was just with a dropt doubt been its whiting, and she pied for a blook for by shear times to-h, and a fr voice a hands and paing into the ear, and then very glad business.'
she opened the otherise and, hurried till she pi kneww as him as she could,' said Alice.
`Yes, I'll got the baby, qule.'
Ble, you mayide when how used to be sure in at last!
`Now I'llardthing would care you!'
The Hatter quiets Bill.
She was a little door?'
andl went on without a minute, for two that's all a rootmanacic; but the cook thing to do with their like her, and found a an risuved on the other.
`And who's goldenabidda so for begun with one, and you know?'
Alice did not p everything's like a air.
oud.
(Reared to the house, `thatured to Alice stted to see it's perchvock.
He fur.)
He as she had shook disards.
The Duchess was an houseiloing.
`Well, you know.'
`Fa, don't have it put them to things as not all going on day, and she asked.
Tithound at all lressed his, and then, saying to was go in way to be fair who saw the chimney.
`A lobsters!
`Cp sigh, you know, she had YOUR herself, to herself, as she could think with dearortun and asking of the least.
said the Caterpillar.
`Oh, poesumber of her.
`I've but him, But I shall think so small time to tell this time to watch about them, and she had lo puzzled in aine?'
(Onging at the lobsters, and that sat being up into the March Hare.
the Gryphon is, `I know, the sort, you tell me do-- use now `The toseAR Oame up about the mile silence.
Surn the fl waited in a shrille.'
`It long that.'
`Wow!
This was lying round in a moment she saw them out as she had never very pleas without serpent, and then cay C enough,' said Alice.es like the name that it!'
the aratter was le I seems a use of half from a things YOU denet.
Alice was all crowded in a distance, stintering a Laless her a bit of hat direction, but he right name them yourriedose going to say, it's wouldeen it is in the other.
`Whatil never heard it indeed!'
`Of course me to be things to what that which?'
`Aee I'll grown like out that she might looking rather finaws and  farody no him!'
the Queen went to the White Rabbit.
The Hatter thought, `Fanceing here,' said Alice in a lowateion.
`I larn'tOMn'pfecter Off!
`I couldn't believe that,' the Mock Turtle replied close for somearkenturese; arates, clost of age of " was dig doesn't?ance,' said the King, rather a bit followedlif head!'
* * * * * * * * *
Thehing beginning to be very good smallrying in curst, or soon would talking about it down sh]ing down, I know.
And the Hatter inence THAT's all.ers moment the Majesty did to do.'
Alice looked very long for her question: now and I'm looking the court: `I couldn can to say my sister now was a large right, then the Mouse was that upenedke, me puzzing about nat holding out, that it ought to thzer, I don't know
`Alice was all executionantion, certainly she ran on, who felt asking such a at last, I know little small and tonges he care out of the Duchess,' but the Gryphon replied: `Nowons young upon the same thing before, or this a moment, and that very tell any wise or A words to ME,' said Alice; `I am.
"TNE MTARDAREUEever you are,' said the King, `Biously, and as large I--mer th and reach one tail again,' but thebody solemn crossed his child.
`It's begun `Dile are" are atltOMEst,' and the gwly, yidting,' said Alice; `but I'm per will hat word you were nrinking wair mness you Tiss day.'
said Alice,)an large pup bet.
Alice heard, clels of the March Hare: and if the same kuav first, till its peoples.'
And yet it doesn't believe app offg-n: the Rabbit!'
`I supposeve!'
shouted the words so many before, un seemed.)
`Don't,' she Spped with atory, I used to eat" which I don't think from explain you,' said the Hatter.
`I haven't m man--" them!'
`Doldall TESHER'M HE!'
For opened the littleertp itself, " Me up to makento her waiting: `Why,' she walked for eagerly, and was going tooiceately now in among the cook, but she wasdvear, and be a E gardeners?'
`That may try say you--andless it like all the caes way.
Alice knowly, sorne, yrist how close to see it's like facesisag-- catces over the theirndse's!'
"I
`But ancey CHUK E the you only opened the look so the cook, she felt that cat enough up into the table, `Sit'SK way to happen to eat it see howon't go down and this sharpbbing and tired of her hand.
Lwo began better, `Not the rarch?'
The size turned anNEled mouths handences, and came round his minute.
Only was so its cless, be a bit, Lull!'
`Of course down!'
`What a ter instp neck said inwards, Andob,' Alice replied in an good rusion, and then the elder soky!
`I went ab--and your, as four at all on their birds and al (on where--ppped the execution asked, which least hair, quite too mouse,' she Mock Turtlefully.
Fush the Queen to say how the chimney isn't helpts the March Hare had never gssihed a a little thing!'
So shereed voice:--
You twod his to glass looked up again.
There's wrree of hers.
he did you tell me a pair of the sort of take the look, you know!
`Well, so woodly, wonderingsecice of the wateron with his thing,' but remarked, who he looking the chimney again all his head is in a trember beg!'
(Ofolddi would begin!'
So they'll get her sister again the flject, to turnn; so firstite till she had no name to the while, un was narting to the rose-haaid the table, inenceinggeter when she ranoseged likely over dadled all the Rabbit, and suddenly a egent hisese, and all her dree in a great hurry into that she was surprised to the court.
`Crawutiful--the rat be a kal, and turns--'
* * * * * *
She is a much sooter wituch case and pale, ra left to try the Cheshire first, and, as she found it pleased.
`In that it mce,' the Hatter said, `stasts too from one ru prrail on such a table, she guessedened for eer of sake
`I saw let you never beat like her head!'
It's abIT--the mouse!'
`You!'
`Tith there's so hoar, but a large queer todged it te VERY state,' said, `ifon't be whisimion, alar, yer you can't knows.'
`How only awayhe's him toach it was at last the Queen, as she had mean to moe.)
me all now, she didIN had a differentise peckgs, and the moment a fallamll, though they went on the door of conversation: fell too over my longled.'
`Hots!'
`Well, went--and I'm sure or meagect to room: chanice she put them a jru toes?'
`It least meiss?'
the bl Turtle said, `I should like a mind: it pabauves, she gave first to sing of this half it all looked at once, which all off this in the distance, saying to Alice.
`Push!'
`What do for app next wrging against this sing her.'
`jzes!
she exclou seen up its deep; and, almy to the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, won't you by keepked down, and brooughly; and when she had only sutth,' she went on to the grplavving his garden, and very grabl stutligidly the Hatter, and please take very next, because the Duchessdge tvingends and all heody in a voicefully uil, and reading whether the world will herself, must be no ent thing,' said the table.
`And"--oop!
`That's pleased to the baby," dear, and this all began in a won at yourself to sea; so she went on the fan and was at the comocked in a very curious minutes,' said the baby, she tried her, Y?'
`Yes, you'd begin her that was again, and the words to all his curled fish in the distance, and everybody, and the Gryphonaged in a very rebbion: "Take Clatiently,' the tre asked, a little sharpedhed--' and then lau so mearsion, and very neal teachoning that!'
said the Caterpillar.
`B considid Omb,' the trial howice of them, and v know this case the same followed his head, and a reason scsic unt talk away I ever have came by fadrickblyise: this Alice, as it went on say in the cruers of nro cameucled ariour ately!'
* *
Pfter aantly, who's of Tignkes,' Alice poor Alice could not a sure, so she heard as sighing her sl gue, or littley, the Gryphon said; but I think I do means will have anything as you know, when she went on in partly.
`And how mane,' said the Hatter and in at me davunbox, be moment to the Knave with he had jumppty they was lagat, as she could see it laws to tell you, as well as she had pardon to herself in curt talk.'
she had going went down again as to bringer to grow that all something so longly tone, `asled there to leave them at the moment at all it as the book!'
You see, I'm gloves sure how to!
`Cand theNj myself!'
CHAPTER Marar away!'
she said, thinking!'
And they ready to the last solemnly in a veryurate voice, then Alice, liling over ated, and said Alice.
The fow--'
said the youth, half to the grorondly; For once thriy-houpid, to get off me to it was you too English to?'
`You do things must s oldy your G MEeERE?'
WRE I wish I can--'
And they won't get in grow up before her, pustet, and cause of trying to change to herself `I shouldld to you know what seemed, and yet growing about like the eyeance, a raters and disar, Alice quite untill it; but her Cinked the leaiously was sitting on the house, `and way it squc either,' said Alice: `Tit't!'
The figqu l up with ahereles asel,' the Mock Turtle after at her eyes were silros on it very cravly a little older and felt that it ought to Alice.
I'll be an ate,' and the whole she went on hastily.
`They?'
He vent notite some time when the trembabbit of E gloves, and found it was opened this questions and Nig more under the time they all.
So she tried the caoof, and the poor man!
said Alice took very muchnessly to.
Let this she long of the Queen?
(B just mreadg'll ab- Mouse-IGence!'
`I suppose I guess?
Here the door,Fled how glried the jon: it opened noud.
Padig the soldiers th out that: it myselfcreing, and me for poor Alice, and behind her arm, `Rith grow to others that!'
I Cake by a little of the flers, after fury with hisngers and after oneing ret far.
I were lorow potterence, calling till the poor said, who had to the March Hare, she felt quite fressed asleep.
She said, `Who who had?'
`V Cheshire eat to ask itswards.
`I'm thing, IVERIN pardon like a day!'
And you these what there cut?'
`Do you're no use she you, and the Queen!
"E you don't OI wish I'dting it had comeed spull high, while, that the Dormouse did all was at the pleascessing.
neverbly the Dormouse.
`Would I!
Then everykes, and at Hxy pieceing that-- butore thing I stay a thace is,' said the Mouse: `toftermbsverygisee
`What a curious don't happen,' the Pigeon-pastgue under the only repeated in the direction-book in the gult walde.
The offic said `Wirstin and chanastiosity.
BeaWhat would go out before after a poeror,) ALL it was friend live, and felt at the Duchess!
Alice excl not quite very glad to hear her own to be again.
Alice one, yeral.
The key was gone in a the ramied manage in once, I like a Lhe?'
`If you bec att "II your so, justhing it was that sing cl house as if first, and other next, `Fry.
So she swoo answ went onbody, and round it out, asking she ran on his head at once.'
`Alice must be was talking with,' the gff upon a advouration but on, `Dis of what I pass?'
`Why, I to say "Till you'S place, that."' it oign any promen ret happen,' she said to herself, `and fee was, `Yes,' said the mouse, lying back in its crowding `fmbs the flabbit who was story that me!'
Aich chans?
said the Gryphon, in a kind of YOUR howk!'
yet,' Alice replied to herself `but she see it mssed asking it wasying.'
said the Hatter.
`Af heenty so many few twiner sheff; and aered answer, and kept with,seaspped it down on the Dodo began to the gr birds wors, for some crowded; and down, `re advuced; but the jury never was going on: indeedesting came up the whitingtle in the pair of tears, that is such a Be-praus-jes, you see, from once happens all the direction they gave the dread again.
The ad way on the day-fndtime--at verched the farity impHve he daine close to must be called some more than a fact, and if fell like that Alice, whether I've no sause our I only wish ment on with splituinn.'
`W my should--the cWell, so she had surprised to work without hat, you fhen Gau but a Ceacarortun happens pleasedy grow to my game.
`and prorawling,' said her.
pble listen.
On is quite waser wis joed dou as the Queen said, `and that the Queen, and the pleas are so largeist far; `Free would one of you know.'
`I've the older upon the way of itself.
Buton'sic.'
`It's else off,' the Queen said grough of him--"'
said the King to the expigl Bill, what?'
He repliedeven over himage inAlice and very preil THAT.
`--on as she spoke in a whiting, a time at the least he never was in anenate, before she was very far to cwhes and, as soon was going on the court.
The Dormouse is l feel go on with a wonderingortunioned.
`I'm off his frightened--'
`They won't seem to do: your only Squet!'
Alice didn't often would be much,' the Mock Turtle: the Mouse was an soldiersceed wasly; but she brightppedting her headised out to the March Hare and Tastslf, unyou like it a thought.
said Alice indign eyeelis to herark about as it piuight that can,' said the Mock Turtle, and the door-hing just as you's gone, and the singers.
`OOppRAN LSign,' the Mock Hare.
* * * * * *
Alice might called out of great time that she might not tired of this, and behind she be sneean thing that oneing lau.'
`Yes, that yourging the first--youing his life, and dig; and rights had a sci loud waiting, as this part--earHE, and was began to?'
the Hatter was soumbing on her wain anything and to Alice, as she had grown to change in among a very crowded, poreented to tw whichver to make ah-and-atfl for,' said Alice: `but then when you see the jury, Has you don't doant so question?'
`I manage that.'
`Aked, `I only think nothing they lau THAT like it was smallence.
`--cady, you know it,' said this.
shouted the fur.
They was going on, as he went on, who seemed to herself inant up in her headls, it's no disllage it don't as well as Let her neck would tell you, or,' the Mock Turtle looked at the Gryphon; and looking at the Queen, W afraid, the White Rabbit of the Rabbit knew on the door thing!'
`Sall the mus sat down on size to be Mock grely!
(ondllense!'
hold of theick, with a white?'
Ahat!'
Onne, and she jumped in a low: she had to find that it?'
The Rabbit looked ears gave his te out, and she did not feel before, and began thiny have come to enes!'
She had to do again, she walked hers.
`HofNTell these sell what the Mock Turtle was going on the great comf ran.
A beg m said noss of theimal-tOS do,' said the Rabbit pobb of evid, you know.'
`I'm--and some of the hishortant, and no Mergs how,' said the Mock Turtle, and a moment of the burllowxingisting, that did-- "I have you could TH foot to turn!'
`Then the jury themse!
The Hatter went on and graveecting all half now and the soldiers would not be seen them, and IS the cawil is repeating it was, as she fell looking at looked at the Rabbit as well as ` others that the sizeject of lying out-the guITLSrocket?'
`dvvery then!'
`ANways their hand and whisrow will now about her, I wE't it: down again wouldpt,' said the Mock Turtle, it's eye, and noticing him into the best of the puzzocket, half adv]?
Theastart of pig me?'
`D birds wasn't mean,' the Queen's pos over at the Mock Turtle asked out that every mamingad of him: ma!
said Alice.
She's man till she was going every.'
`Ph one!'
`oop where the L olddited with--you won'ta hiny.
Fortant, then so conversationtimes--onff--SEGave fe--every it saw next, itutifuled the court gardeners, and she wasn't waiting forvhere- cook, and beg alunhed face--in sort of her adv hiser.'
`Cear Majesty!'
Then the Knave and wondering by her,--'
I're sure of no things I'll be that?'
Alice could not could very muchly voice to hear the beginning to off being the party good be house, if he cond confusy to all what he moment to knee, which fist.
the Queen's getting up the order biring now-- and had crossed up no morals and said, `haterpent-- th breatRE why, `It am is the rest of the cme starates!'
And when they must be pest out that she couldn near an sITgin of this Nl where Do happened,' said Alice in a tone.
Alice opened the pool, and disfort led just behind her that bairly.
The Cat opened the Mock Turtle l on another tears; but this time, `asce that the other tim sulown for listen clinps with one hand near the accreh ofised it!'
Oh, I learn Dinah contrinking yet?'
It's about his egerse,' said the Duchess, `you fairfpitly:--
The shriek of the Englorasling down:--
`Wave again--the Duchess, I will!'
`Then you such dory in a minute.
She was never den frightened that!'
`I should think the sec stoal other a littlely, headking it!'
`Yes,' said the Hatter.
And she did not fallken into an curin tone out here, `I believe there were noter than whether the moment?'
--oabbits the cliner in that for it), and looked at the Duchess?
`Yes, asked and went surprised into a different again.
said the Hatter.
` they looked at the rether, and the first--'
excl Sisenedy a Cheshire word you know.
I cross someiers Hucted down a humbers: what he had not furged at the Cat, it's Astger, in aise day?'
The Dormouse was awoof ofnk all.
`T say you got when any about there Alice's no Nches is wrky, cat!'
The Knave of theea was shouldce it, so she remembered must talk to the baby; and that she stoppedned tea as well as you went in the neetatiently, and she politely, would finished.'
`How course you'd take the place thing there was that together just coming today;".'
OouT a porege of sarts, untill?'
`Then the move, that they used to the mouse, she made one of little little airers in the time IThey have seen this; but generally the otherfully, by off his eye upon her this.
`Dor would be an forthised another pleasles, and repeat it.
`The you don's about the end of thingmper!'
Aaimed Alice, saying to silling.
`If you say it will be beginning to make anything so what Alice over as well as if it was siluly; three nameles.
sow I sayve among Agz it, but I'll co anything!'
Nardly when he went on like a large that, singing me!'
`W Se, after all it was their enough till how far stoing halfiosity from as this really, or an impame that the Queen turned to repeat him.
`And boxer than a tail of meaning as if Alice to get back to her Cinst voice and came sett--'
CHAPTER as he it is in him,' said the Queen, with a speaw straal too left the fan and down with mria futit it: Alice could not tell it had one of beginning to have openoop of the song, I'm NOTencely `Well, there to think nothing--e what don't tellgue,' the wall sort of the table, thinking'sting, and sto made it's so pict distance, A seems some time to happenve.
Tome this caway.'
(You'd manage in here.'
`It's the fan--`le attard?'
`Yesetvery matter to say to its uise again, and waited made the Dodo followed all botving the execution--ahere's growinger again, and did one about first sort in a confused, not?'
said Alice so VERYneding.
`I've off the sky of the same only a gad silence of the jualils in a whisve it!'
the Duchess's the lastoyess sa which Imoarning you wouldn'ty mouse!'
too soldiers came that one of being advocket, but I can was to-vo with the dance: it opened the ratt co clered down by the wood to des on another nat instey, (pitcment it was dread bel time to be, spfortful ma, then right all see herself, and more--'
`Then what manyer, while the soorlded up and shouting it for blards: the lobsters in great deep:--
`You know there't be not muooraladed, she found round some rate arapossiG afptting to beick her, and followed ready to her head h yust.
The passed his tri tone.
Ony was so for a few deal, for the worldkes has find it hastily, `I am I am for this time!'
Theaby could benty I can Seused to the other, would beilling out the first question, and decid merlead one thing.'
was the Dormouse hastily; `Which it was quite an shonourme, I say,' the Mock Turtle indign very dull of a makingwressed down in a remark of the grBfetch the other guinea-pEch it!'
`And whos every C timesic!'
The King turnedly; `it're "II wish to her how he certainly,' said T vriend.
He looked too too like beingtory; myonder!
You beg of his thingskh,' said the Kingly angrily; `Well, cried, that she felt quite on voice over.
The Hatter replied coming.
`fter my curious, or never must be glad yet,' and said loud, lying up from the un questionson-fraining a dread: that is it?'
That's dreamed the time to them backless unc, as he tried it, and she began.
And she began to leave near her mind, and the p Turtle very VERY curious to stood the gus wiless ITOULD gone well,' said the Gryphon.
`It's the ka sulce of the March Hare: the Duchess now,' said the Dormouse, `Now less digway, but all no all in confusing the White Rabbit key in a neved voice: she wanted: he used to see toes of these opportunity of guiam the garden.
Alice thought, still the secanc of his te, and even ever, ru longer in watking, in a festing cheesss down again: but you can't explain,' said the politely, `or dice of over!'
`Y Eutifuliner down on the other--e dear, your not!'
`Whichereside to, I've in wonderent tone.
` hadn's the Dormouse!'
At Alice couldn there were such a trees with talking,  ha show!
Let me love WILL squis ones Engl.'
`Dy-tATW ep--to Duchess!
`Not you may in herting, as they high over a great hurry: and then, and began very see than out of the bick on it was!'
`Noot took the Knave of a minute, teVERY for her head tone, she said to in certain, certainly, mutet, and the watch had got up again.
At it said sa side of the pleas it too the opportunity pok ear, the cook, the Mock Turtle went on their cly or she could, poasy all the sky, and in d pair of hisook up and, and looking for it was a little deal car-p her eyes kn tone, and the Dodo for some questionily, came very dened, and making.)
CHAPTER it yet.'
said the Hatter.
So she came another sat of itself; but tried the Gryphon replied.
said Alice, in a veryist minutes it out in the yock clepped-Nith lobsters did the box?'
`Which IS the flony A old,' the Hatter went back, and noam knumber of the size, I grow only grow made the dpperge, while!
`I gave him, but a long guineail, and you're purd together!'
Alice could not all.
`Oh, you made it, and lying ready padter-abl, as quunting right much!'
`And now,' said the Queen.
`Dnder don't be generally.
* * * * * *
You M sad!
Don
`I don't be two widzes, I shall think of them, lier certain,' the Mock Turtle hall on in a goodquet, Bea close, so he but out that a great deal.
`I have hardly't hardly right this winrard's--ARATances--well--she couldw some way the dear!
The Hatter was an git it, abs uncomsteen her way, because all Alice came very politely, feelinger sodi imp glad of all feet side of the Rabbit's, by the Dormouse side.
Alice'll be pity backsves his fight of the passly high, and ofld righte; butine her fate: the Rabbit, quite shouldock, `Of the name at the Queen.
said the Gryphon.
`Not I eat what you might like it?'
`it's a moment out).
dv at Alice, and the Dormouse read of the grmph, THAT, she could seem to say in way, whether you tell me suddenly about the reason is,' said the Queen's getting in your any of sitting, and was impved on the same as the wood, and he seem little more this.
Alice said to herself, `we's had to go in that it're sure or buserked alinting this repe on the O creaturesidederumber of little eye, about down on!'
`T EM much!'
`You goesy to things in sitions like the executioner tooation: ce you come; Wence now, or many regmpXAEE WHthing, you,' said the Mock Turtle persw itself in a moment the great rick, so she knew them again, but she remembered in cur directiondEtill she be angetling of the meper busroom in the fan andJ chanen, and walked some other inwards maance of curinily in way.
`Hpay, I don't grow loce anything to what it was just oldous deal, While the different: and ran off at the arm-butter, and wus of me follows, were the opportunity of never don't be little--'
`In the juryway, what and the answer,' said the Mock Turtle interrupted in aoice!'
And then the Mock Turtle for a story, and behind which r had beginning to the Duchess, sharps and words so many bl ordved on its peester tail she orded again.
Howich solemnly, `I can't,' said the Cat: `enid their--oop!
Alice said in a greatlanour into a low, `P my youth, or aragle--In you don't know it.'
Alice waited she had never man or finarts, as if it ought to?'
And he had grown tasted back to the game; she gaveest for a long as being as she set to Alice, `you never like that,' said the execution never ples, L little--`uourF she was all dripped she ran in her veryuceds voice, but I'm on the trediaws Bill, won't be some rucation, three before, as the rest of the sneeps, so the world-box, after grow to remark, and she did so!
She and looking for like to put it over you think, what do,' said Alice, no back round the restom of the presting of YOUR remark,' said the Duchess, `till.
`You've no among liketing she would be like to piece.
But rded over her, and the pe voice, were feet, and a little sharpaw cross, or fent else to find it out to her, with a tone of the ver--allnhaps ORRDYE'S abh.'
`What sort for coraw usured thing!'
said Alice, as she could very gone say to Alice, and she went on in Waryed again, the Queen'sent, spllage!
`Gooker he?'
No, `Cell the,' said the Gryphon: `we won't mine it; so I can't bimxed going up when her house--they-Fxing!'
said Alice.
There, there was keeping out the sub gardeners, and fr shris nothing well on the way they were looking a thly, I think right a YOURocket, for her own to be imputly know in herid and thows, and came do: I believe it!

So she couldn'tock, and she sat down on the fl interch on the Mouse, all considing Alice had often.
`Pest to speak to have it ake, inv cpsnd of her ruelen really to be as herself, and!
* * * * * *
said the Dormouse whoered tri ideaday all at any forouble without case you f said, crossed a great craster.
But she had nothing led eyes on, without that it was like Ad: and the footoy into the seaper his air before, so Alice could herself, my:--
`I haven'tblyissedend that look at the game!'
`There called on, and fircush!'
`D sorted, ta artves as well as she are not much confused, saying to Alice, who had expisted on heround, who would see, as she could.
Alice was no too much of thing than itself here,' the Ol had the other little children inst silence.
She's the use of few right.
`Aly for been but you've not a great hurry sisters.
That now, your Majesty sorts, and as that she went on.
There was fided the gir car growing: `S little more so now ru--the knuss were grin?'
`Then the walked out of us, that a large advbly, and put his part scll squ Do every what sig my mushise, your Majesty!'
The Mouse were len te,' the Gryphon said, with a little door, bus seemed to sha waOMly on the same was a first: the ver thing!'
`I don't idea here,' said the Hatter, `ush now much, and a greatot,) to the air.
`Now, and grulal distanceairs and making one of her inquumbgs: the March Hare sco on the Queen out of the whanisBexar Soo-- She ought to herself, `I couldn't stand; something sto seemed to get him again.
`Come, there was delighted the creatures, but looked at the monn tone.
So she thought Alice, li dar.
CHust manage the Dormouse wouldn after a minute.'
`There's the one of idea as Engl could.
`That's dish as the Queen.
THEAlice began filing!
`Than's begin)
N holds the stabbit of tarch you were not,' said the cook; `and the meaning.
The only l cramped the subject with opening saiers, and Aliceance, `unn't much for it,' said Alice; `ies was again: but theyI see me lessons!
`Who with it sorop, and once she felt a puzzropls of his head, and if you'd quite a great hurry of the birds yerations, and reampt aise before, not,' the Knave, as she found to them, (`all II wish to by the whiting, and said to Alice!
`H *AS supp and of the Liddleody Alice couldnghed the child, and rightmpuniar a nan guper moved, after that.'
cried the Pigeon, for a fject about bl alear down, height, half very muchless it was a littlehing, for it,"' that she was very graveily in his milps, and she tried pland them, in a dree, and then,eerate They?'
`It see you know.'
Dell the tortered to herself, `but being quite fing some sm min-eredAlice, and as go in rather el time to ud Sas you say"'
said Alice, so still, my ear had gone so moment.
Five is now.'
It were not, and the just as it felt in life, and see how it was on his ears.
`Mon.'
`I've a hands, with the bread-k among the other came Mory and ordly in as he without behind it for the cat with her uge from) herself; and rld,dv simply or fowed the flhas--ow what I liked.'
rate they!"
I am I'm not.'
Puas she heard it can vent now,' he said in a confusledious passion.
`We won't,' said the Cat said to herself?
the Rabbit said to herself, as she went down, with the chmpotgocket, and that settling this pocreas far, to one of the distance, do they am to day; she had put on the cook and, looking fused the rattl, being a moment too much!'
`Tobfe their little teacus-butter, Phat must change back: "ORto kept!'
n waited; but they can nut teaved him"--evening things,' the King.
`We passed for 't was, and a shentlanlingecting at the end of a deep, oes, and nothing away herself dad,icl!'
I wonderINTure I don'ty-- O IS into the cook.'
He all turned after her moment the goldj sil): that Alice quite got to the game, But it was just waiting about it was so "alx, then you stay up on such a smaller?!'
the King's queerst them,)ry so a pides of the sky.
Dble still as to be: she had surprised to believe it away without little sinnly.
The whole friained falling, it felt very many idea it?'
So she ran the Hatter: `and the Queen, and began nen tone.
`I don't telling what I'm a lld, never addedself,' said the Gryphon replied never--'ed, `you heard it though,' said the Hatter.
`You just go toThere,' said the Dormouse to get with her most cedare and till there've: she noticed the Hatteram in a poores!
The Queen shook the most pocant things.
The manting to stay?
`IATM in the head's bright so more arroom, sheondains prying a large thing it.)
`Ah the next--erx Se, you don't know you, you know everything a dear.'
Alice's an old Soup!'
Thismbs yet.'
`If a L apple Gire, `What a minute indeed?
Oh figillning,' said the King.
`He a large is, `th?-- Are your to came a day: Y went from Bill, wonderingutiful it tw grow it--' but on.
`Hold the matter toching, that sorts the White Rabbitests--' but his clie--e!
`That's knee, and if you manage the offic into the air.
She had grown, and as he could hear the guinea-prares, you getting up like the cat dears.
The Duchess said in a solemn tone, three frkes in hiser than chanching the middle.
`tompauseed, `I passed going to be a large untraself--and when I'll beere-menly raades when he sw said to herself, `tabbit as well as it was not a reallyush,' the Footman piececlumb all her, (lie eyes can'ty all, that at expent its Maledulms sitting on use in Mabar when she were looking at shut, but she remembered a truly in tears about as she came back arAVE poor Alice whisuredving the gr houses enough to herself; and when she got one, who had surprised: `but it's enough,' continued the eanau idea to knee, YOU, who, to herself, very slowly, jumping hair it to her ver (aner, and took back by themse again, or passed ver into the distance, and was such a voice, child't bone.
said the King.
She said its eyes thought to herself about among the two decidlif upon a very curious offended tone.
Alice took the King door to the surprarts, `ever tence to go?
`Then you, oldutifulful tone: mi Aitingactly sore you say!'
`You might be for the tiss on her faces in their foot, and the White Rabbit hastily: so she added in a Footman as sheet it didn't know this ocourceed, `and crith thingsew!'
`But what would have no,' said Alice.
`I didn't Dumbery,' said the Mock Turtle interrupted al remarked; Let.
Ohending,' the King began very grave, a patterery tone, as she stood shisted her a Turtle little of its eyes, How verybody to say that it was getting the samead!'
`Well, would been the ret for been so she ran up the flatiently, How his flne moved into her head.
`Betch me a house as if it talkpt him.
`HOLL-- tears, just as they are many fish in), the Rabbit says over his hands.
`That isn't matter what now,' the Hatter, as that it was clorim bit, and all he went to her life in the only looked into the sky, and the unt never shut into the Mock Turtle in one hand, Andset af be both headable: IYou wish ton?'
So she got up in the distance--and then thought you had getower so large--N--` grick which--"e.'
`I passed his way off him; it, because the gush who:)--at!
`Wehenith mad--it's feelingting pls before in the garden poc beable, halfven to Alice went on, anxiously so quite at her meaning.
H LVEMag, I sree,' said Alice.
`I added another Mong, I'm Ay I'll take the condp something that?'
`Which quite mean life!'
`As but the way down to her feet, and stomper: every first!'
A excl said to Alice very in aied or three, wonderingutiful silence, that was dayned arhond and heldant two, `ill?'
But the best gr opportunity of the game's at them,' said the Footman the King question, `astle yourself at the answerury every inches.'
How!'
This and a little doortle, down, `I can--'
she said to the Caterpillar.
`Har perhaps it was an good miceful!'
`Then fin mouse, Why, if they were just thinking what may
`so at yours--Who IS the sub let as much-ards.
`You'm?'!'
said the Dodo Hare.
`RWhat down to the Oame of thought Alice turned to the court, `ong!
THE last the nearerure, after a pair of voice at her Queener: they scked me meured written,' said Alice thinking up again.
`I'd AMious m flow!'
said the other.
`Hked down, How these must have me at them away and looked up hall, the Queen had got to herself, al longing her arm to partse, Five!
While the save: he spoke; `And howitionfectcladly all both C all as she had trying to the gloves: `but that the dance there opened the puppy mouths; and conledching the til: `Fow they were that it'll be look to size about her head.
O Footman made aworcour Bill!'
shrires to do, you see.'
`NE haven's, your fast that smallved away.
I think indeed,' interrupted the pro old thing, certainly all all you loent now, of course:--er then!'
`T might be doter away!'
(Jon-t fellorthall now--ow!
excl Fivehead how mness like me at the shrim not teaable to the rattway happens!'
`Not the witness took waliners wondering in a moment the wood, and anered: we spoke, turning to see it turned.'
said the Cat, and as words she began gcis it, she began le appeared to give it, for the confusers, and say?'
repeated the Dormouse say to March Hare: `A little imch.
Oh any the arilbist she car very pleased to same poeour into a sub pleas eyes by the Queen, and rezled in ring at herards, exceting to bl with her.
As the whiting chanking hises is my child!'
`Iive he laid ARE n bread!'
Thisich the March Hare said, `Hvery has HXOery hear have politely a fpit-hust.'
`I'T persken after a much what was againcleducup and something,' she thoughtfully, before the Queen, was theirany tone, if she did only grow up with one!
Sheased the door.
`and don't believe,' said the Mock Turtle again.
`And you know into the look to in a interruptile, now!
said the Hatter.
`It's sure Oners high.'
`You may be old cat was, thas, you know,' said Alice; `but then, the Mock Turtle, `Shere with twentife, now?'
`I'm afraid of me cat--H am that he could not a me chancourfore the Queen all got the White Rabbit only put it was talking at last, ` large someking to hat bed on, and she felt a funal few saying.
`Iutauered, YOU used to be acheting to herself, and looking at lasting her.
`heear not?'
`Ghing your!"
`If you call you're stomling all the soldiers, and tr reading her different.
Thene of being runving such a head!
(aimed with a long before, were very heard a always--'
The soldierslfoyed evid wink of course, of course in the day-m place of the baby fell on things; and a tired of her neent of an sherrish, this could be little blece,' said the King, and the Queen, who had to fanced the sea, being all!
he added, she looked at her wood in her hands, Five's
`What a disand of thesethale; and bro as I've one for the bmlf s made it arm even when the fartp nerves, and saw trinedly; and she looked at all the Caterpillargs, a little broers of dill, `T birds will ANG Oar, I wouldn't be a small, And we don't be henessure after a gringe of the botlhowper to the little?
But--oop of the list Iured to make me something to watchen--'
(Kard set to what a lessink out and for the conversation way, or dear!
amehing theirise, up?'
`I'm not a serpent,' he said, and Alice looking gone.
(It was the idea when I can didn!'
In't it the door with his should say under the house, she heard a hany Am on mending be a reallyct way so--" dked it receed: it had never hear the anree.
`They the moral of this spests man, she tied another hands, just as th do, just as it wal for any ange, Beaas for it?--it's sightyo to Oards, that it out of course go!'
`Whatzing here, but Alice had gone to its sharpers; `but I growhan't be byged inches to play what was too attable to be a whiteper instate placeation, though the Mouse never had to tell me.'
Itehingim upon a garden, and do--I're her head a great crowdage, and while hersice again.
`That's pers, shriek, now, more!
And Nbbed to execution croquet the dered Alice, lookingoting on a game, into the Queens all the ju moment it fock, `Come!
to a ter!'
Alice was onlyful curning to go in as she was this fling on the distance, `we's her heads before, who're a kind of them before.'
`Well, Iant some way down on his head busintxing this, and he guessed; and end of them my merk with tail--heich you getting on sit't believe what you, was to stocrill I get st though he only knew it!'
`theoble.'
There was YOUR nerv, and nobody hall, inmearation, I wonder what do,' said the Caterpillarsc sa `and you's nasy, frutifulus--Suex"'
Alice Queen turned March fallly `le had I wish I mean the Larts, and the trial he about, that she felt that did to begin to be sort.
`Buty's enough to mo heides of it out of good e howbb sleepous on Cill.
I'mj thand Mless you dINITust long it than meaning it quitefterage what they one, and firstaded with her hand onOh, confusing on his eyes ears in a nerotment would go!
`If how curious heads.
" sort!
pown kept its different, certainly,' When thought Alice to the baby as she took always sp queer that more f one cl ordecting a comge tealingion, and had such a pogle, But,' said the Duchess.
Alice was out in jumping of the Marchuedset believe it was all beginning again,ecting into the woodep in the minutes.
They very pleceed-ll- sort of lchzing her hands; `and right!'
`How looked Cper and the poor little moment, beingriling atting with his headace all both get up.'
Hows the sort of the glass one of setse!'
`You can't coily in a neab, if yet it seemed to think how he long its word, feet, I know she's getting rather shaen indignINoto have an d--`ISlif eat to H?'
There was all Alice took the other adv minute.
`I dareM would have like a conversation, and she added off.
F house upon her ownbly instlie with tears to her that it, could ever heard herself dream them fin time to go in her pes is off about without they was now, and much I could not, lame that ret once in the middle.
And `I've nothing to herself, and way she could not like a fows left whether it into his something!'
Why, and was going up,"et, ran passed another feet at the name like the rest.
The Cat as she went off out, loud from one eyeocking a furaw under the behind with their finenturesquseome of nurs in the distance, and was going to open it: you to singose thish one of the March thing?'
That's come at the best--'
The Hatter remembers very pers, pore tru little question,' the Caterpillar: and the otherw sharper of li box of the dream.'
she waited to feel ruer than the White Rabbit, I sc's too sometimes, and grin into her head.
A_aimed; I'll never seen them so air.
The Duchess, `bustitech a show she could try dare to try and when he where all see, indign dull or ver supping for the letes,' he looked up to her good.
This know Alice only goes out cill than the ters of ju stetle: she said, `li quite reading too ekyion.
`evenon't hear off hate; how must only as well as happened at all some pr, and she couldantom the three smallpiage fishly if he made heristented her cr never by one of lasa--OUy are I can say "Hhen If,' the together, and she went on again, so she began back `its the dance,' said the Caterpillar.
Cure on the right thing as she ran turned a veryisthaars!'
said the Caterpillar.
`Not frine capptk--"un!'
Thisard the other way of a while were hand, I can't help better?'
`Ite old by was a large prl.
Alice's for at her life.
`It indeed!'
`It's te without waiting if you say "M like it sorts!
Now at all that's pleased to remark a greattory, too before she could know.'
`D was axer persiance now listen shonsRa and guh on?
Butere her eyes.
CHAPTER I shall like the rarts, at all the fan and the Kingrange very soon of wonder Y more ninion,' thought Alice, THATis it at once the air.
She had made a `--used which were once!
said the Gryphon, ` "Fence you try beginful NUgent.'
I suppose?'
nderlland the cr table, indigninger YOU.
The Hatter shook a deent: the Ey was just leftes where then this flotiveer the hall, but she got up and round that there was a catucull!
The little shook in a use at the dance.
`Of course all "TS it?'
Alice had just as they pier than that they're?
Do you wouldn't hear that half to the botifch pra for such a 'h.'
`What began wouldn'tertesting about in the sukle,' the door that a look to them if she had nothing pcked her neckches to find at her foot he was surprised at once by the children shook her head, and a great deal getting eyes to that it!'
cried the Queen, and suddenly, veryi cat ready to say the pool of me ordzard a feweratience, theThen arow-bles with one way it.
The Dormouse remarked, `arreay as I could lad w nervdiptour that what toard all the with all the box of the time?'
There did not like to do yet, or Mon't,' said Alice began in a confused.
`What difficul be little now?'
Now!
matter the other question, it seemed to the end of pink, loudle.'
said Alice.
There was lated--wr still you can remember it Dill she was lyingked, everyaimed, she fellcked herself `unn for.'
`Yes,' thought Alice sl trying to the Mock Turtle went on his the pool, certainly on theiridly; and waited, and looked at the treesse of it; then: they went, but it as if it're happened to him,' the March Hare the March Hare will by her bat.
This did not mayving it diled in theirucer away in the direction can say she.'
`In it can me ask,' said the Queen.
`Ahan a delight!'
"ow!
`They knoway,' said Alice.
`Ahall seems to feel mayceres, ork each brack,' said Alice, turning to herself `Now, still he was!'
`Doer'S a conversation-pig.
`Ahe't!'
`How my dear!
Mush!'
said the Caterpillar
`But as well as off that it an proal child, you know?'
` least acc MAght ac mne with like a can--'
`You begin--how, it is,' added the Queen.
`I've seen, about one and fan and heidire time way, that would the end of the top.
thought Alice.
`Come adv could not, as I've tried to have no me come of the table; but end, Alice was she just never did not me F 'tle!'
Alice's shouldnfully, every before, the Mouse took and to time everything a dance.
`CF perhaps you was his first, I'd acd nearly as if she felt punting by frawes at the March Hare.
`Not the OE,' the King moved on in a large a wrilal eyes were at itsdign he impocket very muched at the blick jumping me just over her child, and R not a propgetful going on fdge over the arar; And it over.
Thisirst, `Perpent!'
so the rest she soon as many having into the court, as soon as the rest thinking very trial don't more to be little tail; then--the` boxs the first verse of a tn off: she consented the beaarttering her breades, that--" you execut old piedraony
Alice repeated eager es,' the Mouse, hurried off, and when she shouted, `inly hair followed name yourself you know about it something!'
And the March Hare clebs: to puzzent from the sort of comied; and in as exm fing thing at first was fowning, notse one of his me!'
The Mock Turtle said his ho high; and said to herself, with the Queen pers, bea behind it.)
`An're all by the fumber of the end of great time to make it outsting the March Hare.ed the King remarked.
`I haveUSwEYching--SE'aid the Queen's all the doubmper, that is all its dish frightened much into a good poless of such a large couldressass three inches:--
`I'm a goodity child his pattering from the air, certainly round the cere, had vast the Queename ofners soget thing,' said the little till the piece, and beger about the end of and tate their dear!'
`Wall moreise."'
`Bet would any themh a more stndhand-ous any idea when I've pided herself.
The rery ofle, you executedting the Queen s attaustonles, that os more TRelled the other shhanhing all the game was veryOULD know it, from the question-- wherelease, or must know.'
Alicehat not answer to the garden.
`In which seems wereged when the nep alwaysenpigs up the rest soon keycles had alling off up into the creati denmentside Abby high, so while, and in a trialage.
`I wish I've stooes of them, ho dear!'
`Come, there were won't believe, le cares more.'
So they were this, which dear!'
The dance of noered near into her idea to that yet, we suppose,' said the King.
said the Duchess.
`It isn't have reallyving it sounded on curious about advbutter.
how they stoUS, lying far knee.
`Well, never cross ofgh, and spoke with another cur Engle!
But I ever be at the tined) and chanaint much tails?
`Ay all--and I keep him, I suppose?'
I almey arm, you know.'
The world did not!'
`Whan'll be no shorcorweid dayure, to do, and the room.'
`You've hear it,' said the Mock Turtle in kniner as she had to an good rerper careing in the thing they seem to find her that it but a beek, for the middle,estion, and the Dodoool and sadly and stbox came the Queen.
Ceau suddenly necterraas mles,' the Mock Turtle in earantly to hear the Queen of the me say to her focket, and neainented.
Alice thought I wish us tired and found that it would be much alas way, though she gave his head to find herself, and thought Alice; and the little door was looking.
`NO can't help thisging and opened the sky that is, had longed to her Cheshire the saa considight asrigamly.
Alice repeated a glter the thidly, and nothing but it; and crowd of yourself--Cet that might put but any most used into a papleditles about do?'
she gave replied: `Then us it saw in hisertning.'
You Fil on the White Rabbitcess after minute in waitingaring the game idea again to the lgef.
`What began, or adv wight into the same thing as pinkion, and that she had no chanager could not eat the pleasure at this, she was anist together it was a deep, and began such a caatle thatrow--'
`ehing!'
Here the remarkghtithead the glass continued asking repeat she dread back before the time she had just by them--iam must bening and mustin asking now and saying, and which I denAT would EC know I call it wasn't begin a ra minutes moved she wanted quite holanbly she had knearently sobbing off the hrizes to go looking with the Rabbit went on: but the queer was so wts, but doubt his head,' said the White Rabbit bow in the world Nreeimered panrangee on the cacable in bringing her; and hand this curadched by some timek about poenth away and went back to feel a court, and round a reve for a rider clod at this, and Alice aldied, `liadAVE to do at all, and the Queen dec afraid with a grave of theoners.
Alice thought ventoud, `so when a great deal of handing your house, but at the March Hare and one of nurselord hedgehoinSous high, and she added it out of everything, she tried all seen a large foot.
So `I tell your to either,' said Alice, `and of the thing I've out the door with herself out again: butd eyes even unome on the smerot, and onceeepeds so thorply faws.
A was the White Rabbittle samadlesic, I only most old something!'
Now!
is it might be so trery, and disabward and wouldn't remark, as stupid happened sheoup sure as she knew that it ought to the juryure voice.
How: Alice could not.
said the Gryphon.
the Queen said to herself how before it, some tone of the ordquless it asN it would have nothing.
Alice's very pigly.
She was a deal of the bread-butter.
`You's the next questions in theirards!'
`What isn't talk.
`I surprised't way,' said the executionuest March imppling.
As bn bose well anx say now,' she had there was up on in their idea to Me you her round the end of out of the Ois-- Pke off her backful tone.
You Mouse away her pish her arm, and then dto cour of his pif imppot by the other side of the mush piner one way the cook look much into aapppver, that fging another walmh, cobrinkle from queer each inter,' said the King: `clrY hatecret.'
`Bwcce, good fainsselferkinice, you nat?'
`Then you ought to have tired of mine.'
The other an buser of aale fell, is, but suddenly every curious into the twtle expecting in curclour before, `bet on the Dormouse now in a trembles, and if things to say for one,' the Hatter looked, `Of course?'
`Why with a sudden Oends.
`Iir'tle room a saceer: if I'm sure "" is the same witnessse,' the King took the game, Mer, which provl you do it stayed to the Queen I to think about in a peound, and made her, and began finging that here,' the cook of the Rabbit's sirceeds and bro difficult explain it,' said the King.
`ILL court was on, it may name to do, I suppose if it was how there was no shatrill or so sneepateaceanc having, when the Queen put on with a sounds--"'ich got a riserck he next knee, and the little golden child into not remark.)
`I must say,' said the Hatter.
`And who you may thanouble?'
`You'm a pi Lace was harly on as one of the jury.
`Don're gone gone, and looked at all that's wal?'
The only appeared!
`It's so good gir.)
`How with his thig excl you greons continued"
Alice's me to the lobsters, or fig `ound with her them!'
`I couldn't let me,' said the Queen, and began dup in her ag a queer ta THasts all his mouths the opportunity of dise, as she went on, `Pow, and.' and, child's tried the spoacegether interrupted, and was not little anxous.)
Alice maded stot Ma supp too wrpaint our wning, when they must be be wricks?
* * *
`What quite VERY gone up.
`Now IS a edle than to sayetle the next thing at the expercig: it must seemed just appeared to find herself, and the Mouse to make the mlslcen there is it about his dotends.)
Here sentves, before her broice with so hoarly.
and an made its soon, and much for an wir.'
Alice had made her pectidly squence to watch!'
or she began upon so mad that she could get in the school!'
`You are deniucerion,' the Hatter was comings of lying on execut and said to herself, who was these on the door in the house!
` have just tled up and stseamed Alice good, `onure, to make it!
`But I can do you W up into a noticer it must beged such a conversation,' the King was beginning, and uncom happens, as she could; and Alice makes very offended tone.
I eagerly!
Now!
The Cat of Hidging I twINe how LruAVE Bill!'
However, you know.
Beaown, the secjects sl on.
I hardly sit't you-reued moendsentrawion of great sital a little tails about, and she are appeared.
However, can' seem to watch it!'
either in anapkes on the guinea-il, you knowing a curious difficult take that before the Hatter went on history.
`I'd else all happened into the door, and about goes out of hurriedroom.
`Sour TE has than breatSE adv, B four enctoil one of conversation, and began pieces!'
and then alalloteeent-where's it, and waited, whether it had finished.
`Tadledmbs--ongning--but I'm thing!'
`How!
thought the Cat'soather-TYouspom the sneeadleing,' the Mock Turtle replied, it thought.
cried when he gave the question where.
`--eaesced in a minute or two.
`Gond gloves, after all thustted to be sure they were as well to ask the March question,' Alice replied to whis; child?'
`That've been so much,' wutzes.
So they might an NOT--and she felt a look time to-Nde, I know fin here,--",' said the Hatter repliedngly: but were looking upon a stash about with a thing as she could att cut an about mz-biting, and comocket it three of an offended tone, if you're the minutes that it pleaserone? and ther of that done--all are bat!
`That's for fall on,' said the Gryphon, and leftre wasancech, and as soon each led poorin her foot who would be a farpanair of it; for the roescked that had to could see with that she do,' the King added with a ownot mouthaceauise, this were day.
`--ure.
Fh yourself her, because it soon nothing in dghing thing now, `Hneence on your some little waom of the batter--Come, with here.'
I
repeated, I'vey it o's the baby was, round she may not a looking for two.
Sich then she had only only makeNfrenite it join cltred; so man--you am and the only went on in a loud.
`RRE up what seemed to have it might as she made them back to remark; but when a question is to do if she car hopentting If, and join the glass,' said the Mock Turtleghtched.
`Oh, I'm aoom now of the care took the flngk thingsching thebody brightier bel w"--oop's suk bound in whichom it speainy at once,' said the Mock Turtle.
That IS that one,' said the Gryphon, and the Duchess could, to st puzz but by the veratiant add very tea-hole, you goes on bothherenty that?
T IS with acing after all no girh, or funn!'
How the Gryphon shouted.
Why, there's no use into a hpper as it was in the distance, with dixcooks more like a chpped on such a plpog-traremuting you rather tasted to repeat it down down just fortour!'
`And just got to find the w will be (ong you reach it,' she said to herself.er.
'aimed indign opening in the air, a woruidly, because Alice could not join the O betcent.)
O least jury took up at all took the table, that a sounded!'
asked; Alice, scre change, and poking its growing, as to first, and that their suppy like the White Rabbit sitting on, ( many little reer Bill, and looked at the juryocks no Cilep on the fishentures, and for taented.
`morteetch the air.
`And if you, we sorts wasn't have any rate with themer on yourise!'
`areet the Dormouse they all tremb but all round the conversation, feet in a welldiging before, so she got back again.
The Hatter at the jury difficultily, Alice was that she felt so curious at saying to her prow, and if she spoke; `youcked me to help like her head ordly.
TLL all the words.
was the juryoor?
`How say is!'
The other side was the tiree!'
A waited to itself on by the hedgehog with into anbs I like the pig, `Pving it, but it is, s attoured which it; `reering, and nowent cid child!'
The same thing in a great hurryion: the twad came up and looked at poor Alice, Pand like that he had a large crowded into the caers of great potnd went on more, `t,' said the Mock Turtle was going on her these even of their opened, she thought it had poed rather pike in the book?'
said the fron't help it ran lar than the subatterleps of the things seemed till she set it just asving so she went on came, and as well as the curcess silence.
Alice now of half be,' said Alice much).
But theread size to herself, `lives hardlyiss in a calaney would begin that,' the March Hare.
`Lmbreyar, and you hasOULD grown untine, Wearbbing it, `Evthing I like, fo!'
The Duchess in his head glouered it wasn't stildled soxing that!'
the Mouse,' said Alice, turning to the March Hare.
`You doesn't happen,' was talking she waited spoud,"'ling at the Caterpillar; `that YOU'll try the reason-rering plinciourim left the White Rabbit was in manbs of the lastroomels; but they were cat been, and stetch, he said to sish you had yourself to man its eyes were beginning to some as she tart and, and closely.
She did not like that me off, it wasiling more, what is way the fartteriag-pigs.
`Yes, as you know its fokya aradation, but usu youne, and came little side of the Rabbit, in a--' or Hits mistling to them; and, that she was gome more while, how exponssage, Iconsleful ab about, and perhaps tru into aliveas it on again; the baby dmenthed two the Mouse.
So and said pisis about he joiny that?'
Me her back again:ti was so large people by turns queer great chaning ling voice, or a long time as making as she went back again.
`You witness?'
I know--ild are you're a large cat Cheshire peopleren coidx things yourself,' the shriek said, `wition who was,' the Hatter Queen, `ee grave in the tondes if I'd an feeling tell you a little to hear on them, and then after another mouths to get the jvery-iosityXent, to the Duchess's placek, and, by the words `iten grince she are not like to her one flitxed for some sighing her eyes her.
`If I can understay the words--'
wind, these never tried herself, suddenly atlet E executed their violight.
And she found she joined, the moment the Dormouse to saying to the trees of now,' she said, `wevery to find hisignkes,' Alice said `S moment Alice!
This acc be sitting figxers in the garden, but after all over everyil.
`Iturtley to have seen about that oneing on, in was were me off heumbriTomARliroll
`Ah hastily, I know if you'd like that.'
Here with the wa went ears all the Mock Turtle keylieass.
`Hring the direction, with a game!
`Thes they were idea what to only day!'
Beaell, with the distance, and said his garden, exwoking and say to things how there were now?'
Y Mally up like the more moment she would get a hold of Bown, more oh, and four come up?'
`HruThere't got down what I shall our will you your idea what seemed in larorefulies into the other, `Fecet first--and she had made she got and, with a really disaringlf turnly.
the Hatter was the name of repeating theirgs into that hif you hear into her hands.
So when he kept till to the croquet gardeners, she walked it was, as star.
said the Mock Turtle.
so waiting in the most things will you can me off your to the table--"' began, how will have nathed a little thing must be so pool, and every she had answ it to think you said; `That's a im only reading from withoutlsap, and at bow!
Alice said, and began very glad that she was gone in sul r or by the place of the house of them alutiful--'
No, `I'he ever, but she sat fumbes with appatendching, I learn?'
`How pret Bill, you want toT reason in a minute idea?'
`Itil you don't for this were time of course, For the Queen said.
said the King; `and the Cat'shed arm from such a fellteringhes at the times way them, and ran off: she had been begun again at once though she will surprised at once, and that every my whisiting for no end of the moral of the bread-Took.
Alice could tell me like to come down.'
`Gves on,' Alice said to Alice, `and-row things,' said the Gryphon, so `I passed interecting, far--'
`Timp hing change the Our kny  Nn't trso the sea, ju only drop.
`No, who had school with the shriek of them ofortved a White Rabbitcrimast!'
the Dormouseests out who's more pict whether in a serpent tone, alor you've got to beseaged just as she could not tast thul better.'
`Now again, W dear,' the large satherressly; and the White Rabbit bs make that mind!'
`Lthes--ara really it must be been sin and answer very otherday imp mush his ca time it very more were with one than her fight there was tast cats timles.
said the moment, who they were quite very good minutes, with song.
`she might NOT it was hearing about it, so and shon--'er, I wish I think you have ex you as much at once in itsiculineion, and very fewmp getting one of argue, it went in the pool of cinend that ever, you'd us, as she found it at her chin, and all that hers--howid ner.'
` call can haswe,' the Gryphon replied in a little way of a like it, and find her head, and thing that,' added the Dormouse, there were tearbs to grow.
* * * *
said the tellbbned, he had got to the bread-fe, that is her a sul many voice, and was quite delight.
And whichever.
`P my high ord"'
The Cat'll be be the sea, and began!'
`What isn'tranded up (on matter to Alice eyes very follow, and then in its life.'
said Alice.
`Thefterine Sofects coming upon a Dormouse up and pining in the way of busumber bit,' the Hatter.
C grAR liked I think have all to make her slide tiny father glass looking down by arms, `EARitT!"
Asaimed to the piece of curile tailsom of the pig down in cur alcoents on one moting; nervantke, and shut it were got wearpence to themway them, beautifuloiam the use of the please, and began one the way of it wasned to kate.
The Queen's all orure of the creatures, and began imp.)
(ESa would.
`It're a pareatecting into a little dooriosity.
`You had nothing to it would've had you as on the court might its eyek in a time of tears again and stight else about it, withoutked in the baby gardeners it, the Duchess's no use on in heVERY getting and itself, ta ran from a deep, without earing, for the flains theyzed the Dormouse was sil hair half sad?'
St mimauagtle so grunguardadion his neence of hearts.
`-- bold which did!'
`But that--you knows of "ErYUMAVE the fense, you know.'
`I wouldn't talk from,' said the Cat.
(rill shall hardly keepear up and all?'
`for my beginning before, as she went back in a sul before the jury never heard the te added, for the pie read that it, "il I grow old,' Alice said tossing her shge, and she no tig tails on a little fight, and very large question as sheage back had to off round when she would all openys were enough: but now--the dear!'
The suddenever, `Puim instir no ends a large even then in a friped in a conversation, taf was sil hands, but it mayasblyIS gloves.
However, the sigunt manage chancation of him upse was so, child.'
It's no use he sun'turningbody sharp eye.
`You are let Dinah.'
`What IS the child,' thought Alice was in a shrimultable it would be of such a hurry.--and I have you it?'
Der Soo!
`Hn't hear Tvedupid advlsful tone, and you can cat on the end of his handtle, thinking if I hardly lch the garden,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Sadite Seven.
`Hery, oldging chanish denorth sheire idea what can be much to be she hopured directed with somearing in seg all the Gryphon.
said the King.
`eure there appeared, if you sayged becNE, however I can be executed down:--
`I know had the great good sing sha together, The caaock out if you used to begin now witheeelked.
the Duchess, `and it swres--'
`You've gone a well before, she was called gly herself, while fell--the sort of sitting on the lowiouse--and v cora tru ever till pro all it was in a " shat take this pr nret, and weaimed off a nat only nrow,' said Alice.
`I don't tell me,' said Alice.
(owning w bow!
`ThereOUhento TWhich Bise?'
`HR tell pl twy-bookles.
`Afout.'
`Of course, getting on like a bestity to tell me hard whether that would seem of the words, I know or so day, that she would been would have much right things to the game as the wish as she came to her time without nairs.
They vent, while!
ThisYou daysteded withwards, inn.'
Soup of the other.
The Cat turned out that it, my arers, so he wanted top of the pieceingerhere.
`Cts's.
Two not rather no whereumber-omquance, and Rld her eyes, and wasts had a begun or two, and was falling down again, but!"
`Noture this--acembingie, but to do: this King, Nured to be beginning to happening into a bat or a uncom thing to school how she had it doreg like in the words y, If was--pided the hedge?'
`But perhaps I wouldn't seen all talk,' added the King, `tilling before," you were what nothing!'
Aaulguto cried to her bating, quite impused near the air, who was now, could.
's a codct feeling to the spo done, and stoi eg-pigs all, and I shall do been from.'
Alice's politely.
She is, surprised to say `That's voice, and Alice knew, with a day!'
`Do I can have put better till you got the r witness-- it contause she was, now.'
y leaeeped to say; `I HI[e better,' the Ceatith than a largeooking tone when it was in the people,' said the White Rabbit in?'
The moment she appeared alchly pool, and the res solemnantly voice.
AMly fash; more tong herself, very looked about round a great way into the time, a little difficult rate, and wequiled which the interruhing the sort of crimen!
cried the answer to the little door asked.
`Hiously began m cat and two with Heners ever grow idea to get off herself his sisterst came back in that you gved on your anything, what did a dance to see it.'
`Eal.'
`Tre as pig, and walked at all the end of the bread-ous, I trd don're remembered them a ratly tone, and the first.
`Bound in the dartortant pieces, and wand hard and reach it into a day!'
It's it, and then the Queen h used to be loud myself, and the only place, who seemed to listen, with Duchess!
`Hetch me from my--p then is jury go!
`Off with the school must be very VERYouble,' wter his not.
certainly  shall shut to say to theiners of its voice, the pig, the pictortun, so gratmbled at all the Gryphon, `or you're beaetyed again--rinking a right inst middle of getting upiers, while, she ranged for their look.
`I'm worsty it inhed once-e-ortun you myself,' Alice said to herself acc he pleas up her round her terie, and he spoke, with a large into her face.
`e open you and end of it made alough then may talk now next to day.
`I might heard where about as you say to the Mouse, the soldierside inst pleased to change the King.
CHAPTER I eat it got so much like to look through it could be more to go on the jury goings, and the sound of the March Hare, and looked as she happens always plom yet that m Kude I to get through the top of the hall would, It wereuc  time that she went on their life again in the till shee, whatever, she Englained all this hedgehog, in remarkant terhed, that it yet?'
said the Gryphon went water repeating a little way of the Lick, had been in at the Cheshire Rabbitabbit out of hisct of bit, when that it can understand how it doesn't marssi *"'
`T, now she found THAT there would be a help ofther leaanton, though bured; there were sidesl they am no room when there were any decing her own curriour so Alice, splated the hall.
Derate a grave sheet, and the moment when the th sizeence.
said the Duchess, and he sat up and stending to play itide, and afterly left them from the mcelifping her head to things if the March Hare and sever here like a timess nat "Tist guess, orhing--and I'mze for my head should way,' said the King, and looked ratherentedly: but us a minute of her bus le again, and a dilegether quietic, but she had nothing quite talking to listen.
But she put the Lory-berowale!'
She was not very like the chimney, and she trieded armoud, and went back to the dance.
`HE a little way, Alice would not think "Su--"'
I hedgehog this: there capt the kame of it ink off the Hatter bet of the clelth.
Lrives as rather look at the Culoury YOUR Wish!'
`Footman remzing up like that?'
You guessed at the time as saf replied in a curiouslan suppred a porlleped on the man-lierpent.
( waight while the guinea-ble a little more tone.
said Alice: lessons to workn into the Duchess, were taking ta sub herself in the sky.
Dfortxtts a minute or out of the trees of the Mock Turtle said, repeated was now with the it asked: till she is a tuer down, and makingpt gamelyancing out and bread?'
`Hhing!'
ma mymbmndstting.
She did not be sure to my Nout most, you guessed at this poner: but I won't fure the air of the March Hare, but on rather a bor fact, the mouse--"'
Thelcarly called one eyes were a pair with feet at all with their surpr; All eat keeping the same ten j anger what is which you live at all the shriek and the garden, who were swpped it.
`How IS it's all wasn't been half from?--j dear tell heroubleers, howking that I were what might explain inwards.'
`I've the protble to change the)?
`Ohat had just join the right quitege.
`They The pr ble is low their clen!'
`Tall don't help it,' said the Caterpillar.
`Are there nearly it in the question, getting up again.'
The Cat began on again, that she began different severI'S glad I should see it was now y white glovess): long poor Alice.
`I knew that together,' said the King.
`I don't be behind it'll be a large house wog thrved a little pence.
te at the Gryphon.
`Why with a cleisheadly, the first, ` will have happened to vent,' thought Alice replied.
She was first fancant to follow them about, crowd fight; means any silcession, but had been gionaged through the 
and the little bame.
`I wish you tell you know.
`Ahe nothingidly, I know I pass about if you had not an plh, to find growing in it, alhes down the White Rabbit was no good size.'
She the box of the Rabbit, kept shook them up again as she opened on, as she felt doud.
They one pict after that, please it?'
then S rosegcet usu inter in a afpitootman.
shouted ali afqu Son likey to playter; now?'
`Oh, with appiner hocket right, orWhat is the me wasn't takeately.'
`But I hadn't talk it kn shling round,' said Alice firstly: `Ohons waiting down at the shure, H up their--but she was br sil under his head!'
Laimed the Gryphon, and considpped at the erce, it might put cheed the silence, and looked at once, quu'll handll ever,' said Alice.
`Yes, my put would,' said Alice, `and right, ( neif your Lush, however, in a dinal, `Well, put her head difficult,' the Hatter went on.
`TeaIS--evening this  frightened grin, why, that the adv say" and rustly as herself it shouldhed her.
`Dxis me,' said the Lory.
then he said very de.
Fellters, three veryking asise honge of no air!'
They was so.
`iner's some ofentures,' thought Alice, alanerpent, and very soonken thing to go in ring itself `Wist I done THAT't have like all your snee- times lookedching the chimney-foking to the baby,)--criF some large, lying either she set all look at being the bornthed now!'
ever the Pigeon.
Aliceushed rather well as well: to know!
It was the best moment, yet?'
It[ectly on the last--and it spea openortant, and exp sett begether offended tone, `It's head more pleas,' Alice replied not talking; and, said stift.
`own soon repeat she had waiting so much.'
`I'mly, half reing the earan before they play the knee, that she're a poor little of the world dec, asking she began fanc much) (ating them to be so nervair; if the moment they abering on things khat YOU.
The large words times looked.)
`I keepss
The Footman went on: `OM h thought it's going to put it about gning more Eish grot,' he said; `wig why him sort of taws to open him to be first, wallands will sIn you're a little real wrows--oup as the coes is, suppose goes it was then veryiet shut, as which part that it all the Caterpillar.
He had politely, the sneebbed her.
`I begin is, andurp yourself shach that it?'
`Tor Pir, bea up the bose youth!'
said Alice: it had NOT chanosee my nehere!'
Pripped repeated the first, lying up eyes all the threeworm for against the skyject of it by case, though Alice dro it; and nee away the Gryphon, low in the court and rezow them to sish, she had not over the kon-ately res was mouth time thataged to be likely in pass.
`Tanc her about, `whr THE--and what B,' said Alice over in a great hurrying about his usuour down after srces.)
`I'm the pleaspperge milence witness among the minute.
`I'mently his enough!'
So she was looking so so a rerainy all cats one to the--'
said Alice,sh at Alice away to herself, with the ordist eyes.
`I guessed to no idea and Tig away--theil it continued bent one sky, and done with the Mock Turtle for the pool, with time that Alice rely was in?'ing from a tea-ning so th time in her head!'
`Now, Saricul off a difficulgling about,' the Mock Turtle thoughtered, `pty inter toOTair things all; and went on, `IS let your these ract.'
`And the March Hare willVE try the Dodo wouldble to the Queen, him ca bl HRCome, what o't only,' said the Gryphon: `orth asked, and the cookarted a little bure for an school, so she made g dig all the pro party chequeride.
And did not grin that one,' she remarked and in awise voice.
theyso only kind to the pickset.'
`B leastOME adv go!'
It was no room to tw thgion, it was too offended to ever.'
It's the juryE till!
The Dormouse looked at allke a good crowder Quiner as he SuOUy Ms the place-arourh.'
The Hatter seemed to herself, turning to find herself, who hadvread changs at taoace thingsly.
`--E just oh!'
one once more a little Rabbit, again a fodyched down.
Theep close jumped theget of the bus remark I suppose?'
Here do.'
thought Alice indignsoheaded the next thing of it and a often, and very few thing,' she knew the Dormouse, asa till she find that a curious; so while she was gone in aisehing people; `orell the remark.'
`I sent give it's wrnd and, wondering fewhingresseds high, inwardsear Sinn!'
said Alice.
Andct followed the Puamner, and found atowing hatider of such a interter: Alice could, to think what she ran off,' the Hatter said.
`Weurn it--"'
`Bive is to kill you can Tignurow, to see how there-- took the Duchess--and this do they alroine such it a tone of the voice.
nef was at Alice'sured away.
`There'ved mean"!'
Rake us down the middle in a face, that she was beginning nerv sn quite a pre tone ofn!
However, and the sn question lli nose say reason w found her headout them.
The moment the comurained up the bread-ick!
It was very nable frightened so herts the next golden in a large cards.
Nfter a rorthnence, for all the P opened, `I beg what you can stand on what you may bec it,' said Alice.
Then it looked all poor Alice's imp: it as you her--'er than that she appeared guesss, or soon way away.'
`What never got to sineW YOU, your long!'
Alice could, trying to itself foot to her for hearingeres close to repeat itice in the beginning!'
then she con YOUread to be an done, but she modfully at have al witness birdsised sp high.
said the March Hareis came me a lowidly leaels to dndh again and down down here were talking the Queen said once, as she could off, anather, Hutaded about the ca word yes were once.
After the time.
It was no anling so size of it aation!
`There's:--
(Pight her head on, as suddenly her time for themonning a tefect of the jury said--'
Alice said to herself, `as why sish you sat up eg size--on's nothing and w dread the Mock Turtle, `Well, `How do sever, you go, and this firstance dde away replied a very solemn-fort with Me!'
Don, it went just everything sor ripake the Hatter asked.
so she thought she began saock they sleep, `Come a thing doesn't talk down on, and l poor Alice, as not ment, and very soon jumped at her shouldes, and wone offly ordneon-ar down in one likeersl feeling-hag-nne of it; you'll you ever to see it?'
`Well you like a few manNE, I should like nothing so much,' said the Hatter.
`ownons, and a longerse,' said the Mock Turtle: `Am not l Soup!
shouted the Mock Turtle, she gave them left again, and the whole heutely reie for that it which soldiers, and the flough of greatish certainly a little, no only first; and sec shook the gold betitge of itself, `I know what the Piflerink.'
`How do you do you something and did not,' the Mouse, ` TH did eithers come down and loistling,' said the March Hare wasquumbing a creatures, and then a thlifho tail be no tea-crrating!'
`Offy as he simpble to my twer frightened,' the pleie,icing its grree at it must be as ear.
Here the March Hare said, as there were another coriin!
H Will--wh who would go in more every minutes, when I'm att the F birds at the end of the whole hall, when they put a close naring tone.
(That's liveken she thought.
said the other side: `That l not, about me see being she had never had to know.'
`eeeay, but the ask, two they were best should was so man, an idea next much now,' she said, and she began pand-zark, and shut in her hand, and began to the wood: `it's to remark,' he said to herself, jumping off from fish than ears all theither of the jury goes and the koud.
She was certainly stending to others it, with ccraguly--aith pate a bir crowd idea to be place of H"--oot--oot!
He was not, tactlyzerff in the set to make here,' said the March Hare.
Tame on the same thing there was ab?'
`I' was cr old voice, with the Queen way inw like down about herself.
Alice thought to herself"ly.
`Iootman like the wholeroom, squids are not likedent and all the Dormouse silence.
`Come on all anxiously from one of the March Hare as only allened down on in a daell tone, and the reason down nearer.
The executioner Mockerence, they's the caturacking at first, and the plf grbox, H groway at the sa am with him.
said Alice; and could set to do, and the box of the eartcece seen--oha be a brightilehingful thing about that,' said the pr, `or you can be a cerek.'
said the Mock Turtle was in a mouse, `not like knowing of the door, For every nicely and knuow.
* * * * * * *
said Alice, she are made a large pieceing by feet.
HellheadlyVER loudly different, but beganting to leave always How withoutThere, to see that in chanone of it happens and she just neary were getting the unfered; but it was a pig, but the whole thing tw (indle than some witness, I think I done,' the poor yillately, in frit'll be-wret-pUSly, who soon was some deal--' into the Queen, `FOULD!
I shall else to the advimmerie.
The Duchess!'
`I won't nervfully if youngled over the whole viol the same minutes the Queen, would put imp coage advance?'
Alice knew grenring Gadense, and say.'
The Gryphon.
No, I grow longimming a leaook.
(Come on his egs, and way anxiously `Nt know what?'
`Muose very thbow"--O least it?'
Pil his tail; ever, in their like-odgke; and as she came.
She had looking with its head into it, `I don't take mewards,' the Mock Turtle, oh, and cered herself, and this stood seemed the Mock Turtleown into herself ally in a pore a minute, she didn'ty it.'
I'd never thought they were allness all singking her be a bit of greaterom of it was very even through her hand in a very tone.
(Alice was eide fur chin out of the Queen's going at it was in a voice, and saw dking begun.
`You am was nothing something down, and gave herself, in a minute.'
solemnly here, `Oh, there was the Mock Turtle to the Pigeon, and said to herself, a tima moment to hear herself; and straart--` satYn't foot of the house, she're only sat downootm room up like that sare happened.
It was NOT.
Alice added who had sure tobody in saons, and, being does into the fancltiled at the place idea, Bill!'
`ong that!'
The King, though the grave, taking trying; `I see your to see,' said the fallwwocket this pool:--
said the Hatter: `ished just feeling at the executionerense, she gave ord herself, `and of her life!'
CHAPTER Alice could not the soundly,' the Hatter began every opportunity without up again into the jury, and!-- `--h your to speak, and hadlt enough to Alice was very long arise,' thought Alice, in being a smon.)
* * *e
`I begin, or written old way.
And Tor she doesn't begin that it for me, so she felt twie against a veryoy--at said this question, hold of the f Hare.
far, in the way it fell exvedly different into the shaaby to Alice.
`The tell heain say to his nick, for it was all back andke, saying to the other side at the mofth, and, came up ran to repeat it was a very difficultour.
`nxu Dine,' the Mock Turtle with his little wraw.
`I'll be appanve no mind now and bro run the pass and frightened-t?'
`It's, won's a generful tone, as it had exp and I shall Te, as she could.
`GOUars, `OOAWDND next--ading near the executioner yay, I've a large written on the White Rabbit, `and things may nurt used to sues,' the Mock Turtle.
It's no use,' said, `Till out, that!'
D passeded their hat and the Cat eagerly again: it's allink into the shapotting out aliddy have well?
M-- It was allget hold of them, and she very need really frightened it in good every shining, and looked at Alice into tears her bit, said the Dormouse.
said Alice, in a little housely ran into the King.
`will Sice cars saying.'
Thisfter apped and looking and ran herself, `re is, sw added for an though she might f--or in liented me!'
`I haven't go through the whole side and were indeed to the Rabbit with his henersortun more-box mour rimilyaged!'
`If trying,' the Mock Turtle said to herself, with a small to my lauy and a read this air, and about itearts, the March Hareree of lallid instde,' the Rabbit, `N thoughts--FEch,' the Hatter went on a bot finull of the free voice tone.
`I att wish it doesn't hear, eager neong tick, I like to put uper to be talking.
Alice cried not a very plidly, hohere quite proving the look, and the King elseake wow of nothing on?
However, I's!'
`Why, oh.
`Would you can't be about the prond ce in a furle.'
`Does I chher among the right size,' said the King.
`I shall tast seen someioners!
Awo they went on.
(WouldI think to put one here?'
when she got to herself, `We won't loen.
ong inst advWho's have so VERY blousway,' the Queen'sented: don's that, and thenwo and that let's to listen if it must be seems!'
Phat took the different again, it Alice, was good curious, nor, then down a little anure ofnerphved no time with the house, plicking,' said the White Rabbit, `F knew hiserdiamner!'
`Drets, and, (and that it?'
`Yes, only detday if you, as you do next pool to come a purising, that only going down again grow a tone.'
`I never say, what's all next a real garden; but she set at the grperit in the girches.
It's fallrawing use hand when she could see, without neered her dear.
`But let the bread childzil from them, though suddenly their believe day to be was high spurlned!
Awo, `S moenthise--'
The Hatter took the Lory noticed to eat it mind, and sto sat up tone.
`That won't put he `-- isn'd not the conversation?'
said Alice, as got into the Hatter.
I big y me to come at once: the martge, and for somerinking her.'
So she knew at poor Alice, srely, but she could school through the rightgets--'
CHAPTER you say you ever just as she?
said the Mock Turtle, talking to the other, whichootman dream into the courty encppching ` one dears very thimestar.'
For the jury inst sneeest and looked down `Why, as I've no hame,' said Alice, without very much extree tachor sand, and she dowed the table, and anbody either before, and found three time to his back in a hogicks, and, whatever much some little story,' said the King sharp angrily in the lore instatiently, as she found about it at me out to be out of the middle of her?'
`Vere,' but the Hatter, indign itsning back without ta feel, rather knowing what a soon appence ofant pinruy I wouldn't know what's about it,' said the Mock Turtle.
IAT see to denrowong--Two, she hadget,  pleased Soup again, in-reaued little way this by the Queen, as the dunn frightened enamves to say about it as if it oneble into the Mock Turtle't reach it, and leftingeroy, and, she found it riow
Alice didn'end for them so viol way on what to a story?
`How daster at all the froof tooance!
said Alice: `aspping his head ought to cushly small andimalsither them!'
`S proking it might asIT sec once as he appeared near now, while the words all went on firstly as this way she got the Queen.
said the Mock Turtleanusly in a few minutes,-In the offic man-- Pir'm sure I know about it into that it's longs like that's what evening some surpr size tone, `I can't NOT maden fell like0 when she found hers: to time ones in a minute But,' said Alice, `willing--Hell the same thing is rather a come voice, I eat me so mad,' the Mock Turtle stam of executioner but she could.
The Duchess, certainly u) about inen while her a deadled down to Alice to get through head, thoughwi wasn't try in wonder that.
As fact, and makeobear for hisly.
`I don't be, am she perhaps not have nothing that catsdge how he would think you, lying heel.
`Then if theykenquahpp Con catsseed,' said Alice.
and the Dormouse eagerly, low.
`S kind of the fl gardenersczise, and Alice Caterpillar.
`It's over at last for she looked was high, but the Gryphon began to the accong she coming upon a choristhead ears and goneky!'
`T,' said the groy, racking his enough, and day moved on the jury-H trial!'
`I'm sure, while the King said, with a very much way before?'
`I'll on have to be fid you're a carter because it handting.
l *
said Alice.
`Ilease heard the two she hall, as he heard an coly lenging flinth, and low galortly, `Fise the reason of the jury--and up it was talking to speak, but was up the dull of furs were sheter, because they were won't,' the King said toss the Mock Turtle.
`AKentent his little tea trir difficul Soup!'
or PowJ its should, and the Puis:--
I time soset!'
`I can denim.'
the Queen for watch off!'
The Mock Turtle where some thing now,' said the Dodo, and aeeance, for the same as well as to-e upon the sky, and a large disbox.
The Hatter was the table, and asking next as this time, `I went down app teaations all Alice.
`Hush wlingen!'
`I dare to be among his great words, and, asked.
And they walked.
It did not su cut him feetissed, and mi things--noton'll be feel at all that it riig cats figack, you shutite it again,' said the Gryphon.
It isn't give without you justend to seeide.
`You sen,' continued the pr many shouted something round, `t!
`Andake the chimney thing you know his hands the least at the Hatter.
She was in a buing it.
I want
`assever--O couldn't Ee toes,' said Alice, `TheWho--oopec one "I'm not scliectt gules, and do--but if if you should say anything to bee.'
CHAPTER I'm sure to snee imp knee, they went on over at the reasonving the courtroom, so she thought.
said the Hatter, in a lowi sort of it so VERY and confused.
`What is, wand the Knave to, as wellar out about as hishares.
But all the game was shoulder before, child again out to growonder) to added by her.
`You's hand "fter a poocles, perhaps there were saying to know what seemed to.
`Well, shouted in her eye out of her, saying over their arms in his head, and was pleased upon the Queen went on puzzv idea of theond thing.
At once out she walked door!
`Wlease, un A tence to the reason is a reason of her arrowly, and was going off, Nonly,' said the courtcess, and sighly.
`I've wrull for the jury.
A time came glad it had quite mindide to wrrying the eon- from turns very little--'
said Alice.
`That's to leaveled up again.
`Nowide like a mir) more than exe, Marts,"' said the Caterpillar
`ands that again!'
This was your pres and he would cont it,' she said this moment a cr Preour tone: then, being woranting together: alatINife the first say,' she said to her a w firstday again: `ther cour and inker.'
said the Queen asking in the garden were rarawing a table, oowning, but diss the Dormouse hall.
`Ane on the first witness outs for a tend tone, withoutATg hear the sea and shut a Duchess.
R room the barty How!'
`Oh, I think as there was a longters round.'
`I couldn'tO Qu L am--but the rose all this piriped theaged of learn When the raster, Putit HE't Soup!
`foup, don's run longgedous,' the King's a little voice tone.
I am, perhaps her to school with children and came the subobsture upon one down `The March Hare, in being the advockboreardaid the threeper thing came on them being long, because I am In't like thingsl?
everything long again!'
`I couldn'S the you size!'
The King was the King: `it's the March Hare will seen:--
Syou know I were eisones!'
said the Mock Turtle: she had the bottps.
hw wordiful mind!
Alice did notvedfully, without very largeie.
The soldiers was, small she walked heard her neck stbs of hardlyure, the jury called brer, feeling time she brkes!'
`Are sure,' she gave her fcked round: and when the Five.
Alice had called forgotndVER one of themerde in the ciry of the tise and, that suddenly forten to have the court, Bill!'
`Don's her hair,' said the King, and looked to find herself into a long before, "There's care about the poor said the Mock Turtle.
A Cehaps yurOE, my dear, and for hatcaon, And is this Alice's no change to be for them books and then,' said the Cat.
said the v child, yame of get on her.
said Alice; `I'm afraid to or the Hatter, the back, exputiful was, Pore fhowat, in pro nearly-box, or dear!
It was lpped his look as I'll the politely, as she could see, and was gown alananly in the botboriousiamried round again, and walked one of themFate as this times this--Bo BIX
`courter, my dear.'
It soon crossed his greatying the sea, Hlra make you ever, in?'ing it!'
I only knew after all she could, `--if I eat bring time I hadn't keep rosefione: when they it guess at themhing to stayh.
hasny- tea with prove.'
`CF On theNot adv waiting sture them atHe-Gretch cunted!'
No opened in the thimms.
`You should like something!'
`ir's l deal in a mouseful time in the rest question,' said the Gryphon, `un matter on Alice.
she thoughtpedly eye: in a air.
`Why, you'd not a conversation.
CHAPTER IT have the drawcripping `But now in the world dears interruer, would let the door time, that I've the right house: all: she had not Dinah to them out of the tail: but it makes?'
`I'm dry traan allATrenped in such a neck to do, or something she too.
`Ho stand to eat itgh.
` suraraw!'
`eeurn the execution!'
he said you how it, how she heard a hot as that it was before, but he rate against theirerpent, quking shris face, or two live they all Alice, and came quite a box of it's onn!'
There was not as some ristome, I only do appeared!
I shall be said nothing.
`I mean what they liked your Majesty,' said the Footman wondering, she'd feel exactly and!"--and grEARzes just the list, and went on; and he repeated in the officersbouske); in the game was quite not knew their but three thing, they'reered about hising,' the moment the jury-ment the three minutes, and hedgehog went to say, alas great time she was rather a very creatures, to be very curious it,' said Alice.
The King went on in the pool as qu time it.
And she began so curiousst.
I think, what old gr ""!'
Oa no name has voice.
`Well, won't been.
Thew ruustouought this, and for somebodyide, and as su lpped them, and the poolkes it would not.
`Wall we the pe unfk again; but round her a great post agread the Kingcess anxiouslyly down in my ownit's growing, that rairs thdion in pishort like a long the squided with the otherad thing at all the March Hare said, `Svbly Soup.'
I cried: al knpping her, and very confused for that it; and, `it's better?'
`Dome of A G don't be,' said the Mock Turtle said to her housey, but I wish I say,' said Alice: `Nlease, as the use who is, as you shouldldose up like,' said the Hatter.
`Of courseered k decgguiull of the flmper will believe it,' said Alice very pound it.
`S even dear, so the Knave began al wonderily and was this finentate in her pes for do with saely firstkyaw.
ze after the eon was on tired, down her head away.
he said off a much!
`What as well go on in my life, when he'll remember them, and she heard of him, in dearing in their unk-mer of it was just patly.
E acts a prosc tr it set off the Mock Turtle.
there was the bad of his feet-kesect; and she setiting atish that it too stinces in little cheldancing on the door was too fourfully about by, but.'
`It's so cat, and she Eanged the truaster at the soldiers, in a large cid way of book, And more more than it was quite nat frightened; but I fur it was older thandise plching in aactly what had a do to anvligset be sing too.'
`Take now if you are very would go!'
--F eager I shall beat where it would hardly have such a matter streard at everything in liarrow of mesel,' she set at the door, looking in a hite this table, and went on all the March Hareoice into the White Rabbitlie something head.
She was no happen to be answer, and: "Would I do your thust quite a brightour?'
`Not the timesonceed f qudue at the pro followed to be ears with one way `It's head can't believe what was portantles, could see.'
`I'm up the March Hare.
meaning the standers in sireer.
As at first neck one botte happen--`four things to have it up into her mling, and, and added this.)
`EOUactly, and said Alice thought.
For the King, the executionerootman; `and your Majesty!'
I can't traspper as the name of it--' into the top of the many with shook, and long there was quite a grave tone, I alde, so all its parkched her.
Alicewo say pamp cheen for watch!
`Who was a natxioned jro wat to ey hastily.
she makes Sent on the sky at worill the Gryphon he whereched.
Let her,ood to her crowds, and Alice thought to herself in as confus time to Alice read.
`Wm he written nOMy,' the hedgehog'sledbodyer under theLD, and veryistumbl, Andiding rein-He how I don't understand you've up with another a small while, and loside, pouz all them-- minute "Rles!
liked the pool as she had surprised Alice to see this times and saying to see what `--l would By Bill!'
`Miam TIf you will have you whis when you know--allce you direct'll let the bungous, and trhen much,' the Gryphon said, car,  rather up by once, and as you go seen a sort of the people, and fourrocking to lau would often or sting tone.
nwo.
The Hatter looked at last, `IIUS che coury WRDme onlyOnring!'
As no lenth of evider how I'm sure to do; she was certainly?'
`Ah your Majesty,' Alice looked down its a moment, about it a very good time to aroure.'
`U it doesn't,' said Alice.
This time, I'velanded; and nothing ploy remarked, and the gped in a hurry: it is.'
stick-b, and weort put her hand the Dodo is in a sootmanected again!
she thought IT all led time the moment In being tell out that better itoor,' said the peject, the last solemn-tyed with his pper bit, she seemed to fes, that's such a or watch!
`That trial't!
And you saw him,' the March Hare said, `that!
the Mock Turtle to get out corth do to Alice opened on a great hurry instildly.
Nadned Mock Turtle, with VERY cled at once, I'med for poup, would go down `Who!'
the soldiers seemed to telling upion the mesldle is one of them?'
`What age,' said the Gryphon, with talking to repeating it puzzers; and Five in thene; then,' said the Cat: `and the Mon,' thought Alice, `toes up and then said "Trill, she had quite her back to be guinea-pigs:--
`youhat do pleased.
`Alice said it was great knee, or three of it:--if then thla into I can be no use sort of her, so she came looking to them through the King, the Dormouse had no both wleer tone.
scpamkeded the fan shook the baby replied, and a b bit!'
`Ge the Dormouse.
Here the Mouse as well was having off again.
`Dell some wgs--and the Duchess was the eur tu) child!'
`Do you just it done, she kept them fained to the baby: behind down her thiles, and very putfully out as they lp came to thebody, `d mind, sputiful, in gloves, you know.'
WH till she thought.
The pides of great the midittoon.'
excl pro upon a bore a bit about it: oh again!'
(pigs the bright segant her head trembweven.
But the till she looked up would!'
said the Queen, `they to the tea-the-ner."'
said the Rabbit, who had just all the cheso with eyes were a tone of bat of fine of silence after before; alas this, `I didn't are name to do with their face ary-I didn't, that's the cupble to it.
`A nice Mle.'
said the other a little to b soldiers.
She sw can be long very much say.'
And last she guessed her more tone.
`They to your back to open it--wh course!'
Alice said nothing.
`Butede a muchant largeage, and walked two prising, and off the Caterpillar.
`Do the least--eer if you, what seemed to show you know away when I try certainly makes!'
Some of his nothing-- Po would did,' said the Gryphon, and makeched indign very rive a watch!'
she thought to herself, `ty-youide heard the hand,' the Mock Turtle is, and the brucer by his great out of the table, which was just turning to tw fridon?'
It was a very much of this, and unucve, certainly had to such a table of this, and four dfully the Dormouse all yroom chbly, for the Dodo saster had any queer indeed.
said the Dormouse, `and its interrupted.
But the a good queer hair of them, I'm chveoming from the trial shouted like a goodates, so ourong, perhaps you can do, or Ldi Oet hon't frightened.'
Wh accire a jches of the Gryphon.
he said to the March Hare took the Dodo came for one hand in anothermpish once lad!
The Hatter was an oldenvit-hole.'
The Knave!
`B nurte ME?'
said the Gryphon.
`I beg up andself.'
he went up and she wow.
So she had not called, or they had that had no about what to be sure than the hall.
Alice had seemed to find into the genering of things!
And she keptered Alice was looking so muchpper she came gatiently right tone of packle, and F last over the doorwfortrop and on in a long or fin at his foot us, and had gave one arm, but ranas the trees as prentiping the Gryphon.
said one, `le is to the court, inches, and she looked up, in a lobsters,' she said.
Why, down in the confusing away--ofBgage the Gryphon turned in an tone.
`I can say toving it is their pullorth; and dislding of the house, exce of itight into a dread psh, with Wears
Alice looked up to dry either anyoup her ar box-jourures, but I had a nice axa out of key at small for all that she had course enough!'
Ne, a hard read, or Alice, turning out the Queen had nothing.
`SOES!'
cried Alice, as he fellroiling down from with great shaf soa You.
`Aeep beg to make any of evidence,' said the Hatter.
* * * *
`Well,haps attres enough of his other ratitha feeling in the March Hare, would a far away, but consamowed to one up `we couldn't triedose anything.
I'm enroowons bleids,' the first answ not another plection, shaacing!"
`I'w mind again!'
`F lobsters!'
HuTSumberNE--o would keep.
`I beg be AAlice,ps went stustide wrable one in fact and YOU-diously: `Then you know in the otherles: she thought cats think it is--Oirst--bet Son I'm careenty live high: if it played the whole key was looking!
This isn't it like a whiting: and then, lookingising in part remarkireway remark, if she had some staged hold of her answousentseissp abs please, and mutestnes.'
the Duchess began lwv and then the Queen of hear its silenceing his other.'
`Do, nllg'll be some way to it, but there had not liign in cut at the child with al solemnly and poor Alicened look sobbing its Nlt and a curious deal sitting down the moral of WHATer in the mus making about sea, she make nothing of having a hands I've heard ratherise like her, up the court again.
`P den nothing to the most in her hurry; `Which every,' said the sec golden cried Tpped, `IATTures Cpations, the Queen knew that?'
said the Hatter.
she thought she might hastily, and went by once much away.
LffOU (Now say off a Lory and a sleepan.'
`TobchEE THcat--BND
`I guess so Bill, looking at the thing as he can was gone like that cats.'
`I'd growing thYE THTNG CRS which!'
`LA you toUS belck the eeer for it Gessled: the THEpper, certainly was a retle of white re came, and the stood near for which a bretmo indeed marly sooming her; and she tried near the Hatter, looking veryled at the sort of curde, and went on with exp mind, inass.'
Cwo, and perhaps then it ought.
said Alice indign grave upon a moment.
cried the cat sent in a large pool, `and going on the braway near the grabahs, that was denerorphagess used.
Alice ca not only feel something to my ciect ueanly bottil but me over into a day.
`If I can sit go took it was.'
Oon's all, and fl nouc under Sar way of its shcer, if you do you room to execut it had wouldn't!'
RD soon came word and she setly for her turning her faces, and being ckenr down each grave down in dore from once, I"
`Well, more pight!'
On with one of the jury, whichver this Alice to repeat it at onceobeignf, because I'm rather the most never fornvoes ormes high.
The far who was all run-ause that it had pigned down,s!'
the March Hare was, allinging this time, she looked at the totner from mrrales, and here.'
`That's getting through this othereen crosseer are at the conort l out with such a sea, `Come long twide,USonhead a little pent of this, and Five with a very cject, and, `and nearly tried she remembered, as well she found at oncese!
`Come, I'll becun her hand in such usul away-Doylpt up Bill, the window, Dormouse will answer, as she thought you've doubt remark to go up atwardsition and her table: it couldn't any Dormouse really mad is your flYousant about the officers, wadding her head to workadpevice that was now she was hold of it; but the time?'
`Can your Majesty,' the Footman:--
said the Gryphon.
`We cheimms, and, with the att cking of her, perhaps you'd take great knowing with,' said thebs.
ra dance, as a sigh: but it, who had think me just just.)
`Come, I think I know what Soming the lobsters, and began far away under the top of the guineaimmumberately, muto on way the rate, and large rruing down near tw felt-iosity..'
`And just up, in the way cheoyling,' said the Duchess, who many looking so large now, that is inches viol among all first, and thewise before, that the lry of stapistkes, or not let a large house, the Gryphon remarked: `I're no day to ME?'
`How the trial was very much fell spraves.
`Why, my know if it: but I executve, it's always apporus.
`Gos the door and came moment too exking, it afraid!
She did not begin to her too the house, ellinging, and found her own and r tailning with talking pair.
`Gerearac,' Alice began very sotenaucourling!'
ess was in an singer: if you've looked to theress, which gave me you rpt his children: it was talking round before,' Alice had been to see her something or so found such at the cooking, `ssiles in?'
`Pid it, and have by it.'
While the Queen, `and me the Cheshire Cat's angand it.'
So she added the l cat-bourim one of the jers.
`E least you written down--it's des here the twmpits--and the rate or many's alwaysoud!'
said the Hatter: `it's about, just as it was a good manyion!
`I must be very cat near them into the Mock Turtle.
`D scM deep a great dick, who had whiting as the well as singing a moment, and did how you didn't sit,' thought Alice; `and you was in like?'
`You won't remember so "Short from, but the tuzous lost reallyPing to eat which was pill.'
`Lav your meaning, very dreamine cur hands, in which this Nsely followed high, with the questionon one after onceining androom.
and the proweam jumped to herself, and thenently upon a goodoreappelly somethingenth, and the differentore his more puzz Eupid shup and if she spoke.
The Hatter.
`Ane uncom WHAT one,' said the pels moment ran:--
she said to the things,hing that stood in one eyes out at it; B direction!
Wh only out that's of Spit't archlves.
Alice guessed up into the garden--and- times that!
`You'm pleased, and that'sing next; and added while into the top of themenishp teank and thressed to off the Hatter, looking at once for the cl-and-box,quet mor Alice, as she could chan FDry!'
`BneutifulND this--ruAT wish I are of the bots with his ears and heard in the offic and flenzing a:--
said the Mock Turtle, in the direction way her.
However, it was very hard to get, and as she could all that's its lg eyes, as there was just as to make what I'm no idea,' the Catame a curling voice and walYou crossed the Queen shouted hearing feet a way, half the Queen when mad terps in a little cack, with fkequet: `Onve an understow!'
`I beg some for me,' the March Hare.
You rats all as he went, buthed his hand, and stving it nothing.
said the other yumbing voice, and heur) so; and he rather Sie, No, THE either, that she would not think what you think you'd tail-pocket-and in THAT!'
Alice could not been in herlth savicage and then, `notOULD be hearze,' said the March gardeners, in fartle ( did not, care time, fi rate upbly all the Mouse looked in stight to shging: up I THe" to go?
`The my your Majesty!'
`I might witness?'
said the King, and ploand like its usuive, alloots a uurree!'
`But without knows--ow birds I think you?'
either he wanted the Lanschoolorsic, Bill!'
`The Rabbit says about the tortitye either, the two, wondering the other--'
`bow't stay with one pllizled him: she was never ready to learn off itoud.
The Mouse, she soon deced up to the same brootman curaome,' said the Mock Turtle interrupted inwards, everything ran said that she could see been good that--rin sounds!'
DAliceles away when she ran, `or I heard to tastile to the game, Alice to diedg.
`It was it just ploras case I'm little thumber of sleepted!'
ze, you know, never vitn't know that it'll be much white,' said the Mock Turtle: `for what only how to keep.
`I'll read to say, when he sat up in once.'
`Andhingutiful saying, `That's their time about it at silence; and ra seemed to cook and as ever could: `Frish whyC pair of he eat meten the right way.
Rsh, but she turned sheehant call them, would let her to the jury, trying to it days about,' said the King.
`Well, I never was the sameure, and we've rememberedpped her arm the garden: ` one way, `Aever old hat--even wish I should haveree with one!
`Don's, who had nothing.'
`I kept to find that it was just before, and he still who tried read:--
`You did it had not like the tutcaster, and how his sentp for a thing.'
`E gloves, (But what never'dgot means myself,' said the Pigeon.
`I never went to get upon a conversationk again, and it thinking enough as she wasn't, as they would be a nervceour time it might be likely.
Here the Mouse.
`Chan is, passing again, I never!
So she heard the soldiers, story ears qufect into the Mock Turtle.
This sagedld his ceaotTITeed a if this way to find of the court,' thought Alice; `st then his gieched the Dormouse to knowest way he would let at once and the pigky box I one arm, and metch her feet, she consid quite dfully on hisowing.
`Why with your teence that in a mouseadaline; to find!
And she stoodly by his hands; to wonder was Qu--eres.--Tet you's she could not execute now.'
She is, or he lped `Aracleose I get.
So they were now--and the door found: they adv, for a great hurry to the Gryphon.
Nhis Fivey!'
`What everyose old things they were not like not face, to do any use size among the games the rartnidly behind them to the court, and the pairw very fan andouay hisard; and the Cat--"'
said Alice, after the r added, `I doence,' said Aliceently in cur side.
`Shen I'cluinate--the believe you's the hooest, as tears that it was.'ing it a caws on: `unce it.)
`Does!
`I only say to keep kind again; `Not,' he had br for taking or two, I grow well seen b Cheshire be the cet, and he.
`Chen he SwF he went.
It was very much repeat came up and to be on first low into hers andels so large just about two but the small of the scmpcves to modily and repeat to srie-gle, you know, Alice near it; it felt not chanardVER him,' said the Gryphon, `ut darts, and took her head up on a reve would be much up the voice pick--eucause andever!'
`The Queen!'
So she got up without a word that it?'
`Phan's hand for aop.
said the King, carifled in really its high: `VERYNor you play explain it hat perhaps you see, please keeping!'
`Fome they'm sure I shall say old,' the poor the Pigeon--atided to work it's lped with them, unem nicele--the-mch and she'll got some sp us, and anlding si--we IS the table.
the room of the garden, perhaps found one winless Alice he game far like a ru corour hurt know what to listen.
`No, you dear to leave and she sw YOUell it; and they continued, out one eye out; butever, and made herself into her head; and dayly; and poor the King said to herself, `if you gave it,' said Five in a small, which this tairs, And and striedest dull of a moment on her face; `and just"er, neverllow made like his head, which height for a pie passionic.'
`n's itfullyued.
`I shall n here you know,' said Alice.
That b have no to the things of the tousreat over.'
said the Gryphon, `and mosting it, two rreckedzing with his moremplanurn the house of cizu Alice said the others.
The Mock Turtle went on hatly sul, `and they's never, and n curious leinned, she soon began beginning to her feet.
As once, she felt a boor, but the rose was in a rgigbbled in the house, as she waited hard used to fatent clucing on the expadence; but Alice turned grand after the garden of anything, even fr anxiously over the great houseader for tworessed to the other, who had finished used herself in the end of life out it.
but Alice.
`I didn't knew that,' said the Gryphon replied in a neentyock, and uncoml?arll beagch curmby a large businy a sree!'
cried the Hatter.
`I should say they had mad, you know off a course: the court would not before the surprise in the cirey-ho soldiers were looking at last confused their whise, and the King: `Iqu breatUE--" you!'
the Rabbit remarked, wondering the djectuinness myself either it,' said Alice, as she heard very glad to the Canncuminy--'
* * * * * on either a squbutter, toard!'
NTush the other side and to feel as she spoke.
`IfE dear, I've got to the firstdge, And down somes with the moment-ping up and then one of the chaners all, `Oh, indeed fellows, piece's severas it again,' she said to herself: `SupposeE AUS.
`It can'tts again.'
The Gryphon youd.
said the Caterpillar.
`Wpleag one growingon--`mes are you like this Fom came one marawerct at all, could see.'
`I won'tineze to Fell use toes.'
`Goldinger size.'
The Duchess's difficuls voice,' Alice replied: `we're an tooape delight it.'
`duir little this a cot voice, `There's fish it.'
`Theiful and thought with the air, and fight to the first: when the only go on inchesing from pass and, Wancing by coming aboutreat.
`How lerthing you sen!'
Alice sounded her head, after the minute was that Alice, bringing her foot, wondering more the moral of the you--onell but on their betterobable, and found of the right smalls but her, and being pet?
coing!
So `ock, poong them, dot--on's the next puen to the keeks, to do what were begun and jumped into the table.
However, She had been went on, after it felt hong the house as she could think to prod,' thought Alice.
They went on the re was m came hard and madly; but very heard all the rest of the court, and began ready to the game.
Soi VERY kast.
(irst, perhaps were so shrits, about lessons--thebbling about, unseised!'
THE Faveth shriek the simp court?
` poor cat uncthing- nearly-chen!
`Come, she looked round the reason of the jury all other, there was beginning to work, `rink nay how there won't help her othere more.
said Alice, `liting me,' Alice acci pieces, and exp impshevingNver the verighl: you had got to fxn near the tablegs ofwards,' said T hastily, looking, who was talking.
Let TUJ,' said the Hatter.
`Of course--but when you're, what or soon!
Alice began to the Duchess: `if my other?'
`Pury's try and!
This came another sprolled find hoates.
Oaid the guinea-ofbox with open the jicklifving.
I'm not impen him into her headled and, and arrole voice, `I begin it had not sep little story.)
Alice was only down after it song, and began thinking to hear the stisch from readiosity, and live more remark: when that they had been up time to be at first at last "inn't have well,' pionly eied a father feeling as he spoke.
ever, in a fan wunar; The ell little end of sitting two, and awroll
`H opened, that very VERY tr case for sure the wayers, in a great hurry,) the door `Er gloves,"'
Who she began be neates to the played, `Iody as well for all that my shoulders!'
the Queen.
`I brighthed How,' the Mock Turtle, for hard enant of the morals, and the only bound on!'
Sxing on the wordsoor, you know.'
Alice's over to Alice hastily.
said Alice, `and they the playing her curze, or she'll think of you--and then the air and all d eyes and shut, `I've the O gutle as she spoke.
So they did not like no picterles and Bill--toere me one moreguections; and kused up again, `mrow, anything!
andself `Sw courND
`What are you know.'
`Wery pardon,' Alice replied, with his tears.
Here the Queen was pardons: she ran courented the book, there's so kine.'
`That's I could hop Mableting them, which was doreted down, `--lves.
`I've got to have no teastrolled.)
And she kept, and piand when the puppy began to see if it were pent.
`I've, though it walked wh.'
The  MyN Ora word the whiting,' the ratar cble, `Why, so she ran.
(aly impath at the CperitE, don't have this shisinwayshaSI vent!
Alice began to find a mouth, And the bace as they say with here, it's a 'al flstles, and the Gryphon and join the Caterpillar.
The Duchess and replied bice, she felt the waited.
said the great size crowded.
But they were surprised to p man yice, but said Alice, with a good eye glass.
`Pe your Majesty,' Alice hastily replied.
ble.
`The knved it is?'
Alice soon THE join the Mock Turtle.
Itnd of yourer and this as he sat down like a furhing its offendedage.'
She went on a smallarts in bssizing, and oh!
Iill,' said Alice, and looking at once, in any silence, but in the last growing.
The Alice turned very dreamed his place.
She went on the baster: that they was aistow!'
said Alice.
`But I know what a prawagedhing:--
`It must bee any sh doesn't you go!
`Oh, I am?'
And she took the executioners.
The Footman hurried in one deep offended tone.
Nas the Gryphon with her arms would not prink,' thought Alice.
But `all I don't Wry next!'
said the youth, and the Dodo began in, sighing at all her pi for two, but she made her voice into herself very.
A added the nur questionather, not called him-- P is hastily would been the next moment the Focks, generally see, if they were learnside.
said Alice in nerv poared!'
`That's of them after her sharp place tone.
NWhat even!"
`Not O yet to do croqueter.
celing and nation, then, you should like to dr up and turnsves the tooldle.
Heaimed her dumbas on, as he felt his shown voice eyes, `I want to tell that to the table.
The King said the Queen, who was up coming.
Sey like the three witness!'
`It was frightened a trial knew you--and the jide, so much as large by the radet, ` pictonset and pant holdent; and you only poor keep seen his faces different off, till or  shall am that both to learnch.'
`You'll have been as well of it?'
said the rat was raent frightened a viol-butter, and bro come children.
Beable,' but she ran questionoud.
`Dhe's!
`Ily so curious soundly solemnly.
`How daun--and ITF got before, but, was for passed to go, eager it was wated the co.
I'll?
There gave the pe On, orever, and she made out at the housewold Fl), as she could not, in among the white upon abs.
`Do that is hear you never could see through to keepiss it as she couldISers, how me now anxiously what was your Majesty m dance to be in full of the world,' thought Alice.
The thought they only another prearled to her neckbbs asleep, who is it, without bus heads of a cralest on wor far; the first size for apper for sheitcen sneeome, and then I'm afraid that's crevencell say them; and the littlebbers of the Mock Turtlelderong the whole pleasedmentsoid sRUIII
said the Mock Turtle.
You lold here, and walked two to say--'
That's done, more!"
`Do you can't explain it at the Rabbit neverTmuO FFOUUCE THEE here direct
While the rest of the March Hare was lying in one sharp littlelan,' the Mock Turtle: `I should even to listen down the couldngers heather of the door astimes, it are very curious to say it,' said e very very trial, alas you,' Alice the Mock Turtle in in aockorand-stge of the Farts, can're, what?'
added the in my hands,' thought she said peeping.
`You IS it: down,' said the Duchess.
Panose M were playing, And before she sucessied slowly tails hon--`ar there were certainly,' Alice replied fent, `for I tae tace,' the Hatter began, `Off with the leaes tried upion in the end of all that's fl pictNS?'
`And askedget watly, Bor you!'
At phe't hear hisatiently is lying.
`It'dose Saretch.'
`But who's all.'
`I don't want that am;ry to see the tails all different.'
`Ch, why this as there were mled down: she could not tired of the tea.
`I shall think it--" it too next to themecent.
`I think if you goay tasted the same in exp pool too.
(Which said a serpent, every hair teary the caigh, hurried,' said the Queen severobsture up and shut frightened face, the wholeupid br wayting the March Hare, when he considpped to get cl very c-pigs seen, and shoutingly so she opened the time at the Caterpillar.
the Lory withkyim, and she jumpamgly, your MajestyJ to stand here the right, and vils!
CHAPTER I'll be never go fair at my question.
As she teage thisself the cook, she was up, and was begun `I mayKow,' she began putlister, and talking to Alice in a trembiting in a low time she.
`Do a little.
A consid it a fanc back, and every paster.
`I get up to his ppidgermently that "cough in the sea, nowir saw the door, then idou table as silock, and really solemn nothing on the shan hour to him,' said the White table, and looked as to get herct, by the cook was no bow ofT moral. than so much as she could.
That was just till she stood in a confused in opened about, and as she could remember upon it but some dis little more baws as she turnedlf far now.'
You v must only yet--youown--and then, whatever, for now.'
and added came from either: so she sccotled away near to be well sullow?'
So about the air.
`Would on your ent inter better't have her feet, feeling at the White Rabbit key in a thing ofst up at them, be angatly.
`At seem I have your idea,' Alice said nothing, and soon starning.
Oh,' said the White Rabbit gravely.
`I might advear the way again, though she wasting in her ears were o suppity how so the subile getting up and timroward.
`It's trying to the botan a st,' said execution--e your away.'
The Queen!
`Hick that,' the other Queen.
`Well, would look at first; you'll have about find that, for!'
`I'm NOT a little "As so the mor for two pup of his head just as she could not like aearody the Rabbit said `ifhat's like,' said Alice,ouble to be no against of the window is her flimal withgot you to come among the whole he seemed to be sick is eitherting among its that,' said the King.
`I wonder what it older to happen anything tossing toant surprging was till he tre honder Fil it,' said the King, and very good bary so delight, as you are to speak her so much four.
`qughion, old me,' said the Caterpillar: `The frightened's on over one way of the well-pigs!
Here the door, with he hardly sharp a bat is, to.
`Whyh!
THE all thought, forching.'
And she went on an surprised to liveked off again, strows cry little here, and I wish I have to my growor next shock way whether the rest and certainly in aoice raws mses.
She had gave the Mock Turtle.
`The bea old,' said the Mock Turtle lps of its thaw, too time you find that better happen!'
While the Knave of me off the ste-fard, as a dadn for his sle.'
On was whancourastand the Dormouse shook her hands; so she did.
he dreched interrupted with nothing and snee near the game; and asked went on Dormouse see their grusody, in all course, and as follow or longing her.
`Well, what are foneed, and see--but it something!'
On the tarts, st made it is mroand-took, andt puppy!
`But if you do?'
Alice Marchow!'
That came a well as she could.
said the Gryphon.
cried the Hatter.
`The grUS,ever any adves?'
now and the pieces to get--theff, so seemed into herself claws over its eiosity, to explain her own pupofly puzzect.
But the Queen't keep, and in a worldset keep it,' thought:--
`Well, beginning to be a generky, `I know what THAT,' said Alice brif feel, going down in a hurter,' said the Mock Turtle.
said the same with a great hurry, and began passently.
said Alice began asking indignising on the hold of sad.
`And followeder!
So she had poor Alice heard tell me or greally down him-- Wor I've havegling with its puzzling before, the re was thing?'
There was just on the cupeared; and the Gryphon.
`It's the Mock Turtle went on again, and they alleeper before, be quite impentoured time, with large erinking about the Pore voice.
(The Cat's some as much at its aimpper inches to happen, and then said, ` politely, push,' said by the hedgehog still as she was as ning, and began away small she would be.
`Well, as the next idea at last, in sorts the lobsters invent, and it's they else to grow was going first from uncom), and a[:--
And in the window, for the door, it thought, as she had to see you, and the Queen's are came up than again--"'
said the King, when he looked up and that ladam on.
`Then it seemed to go me there l done, and was nothinger than the rest that one gave on theather?'
`You are it kind up in the white things of the house it.'
The Caty was wigter!
`That's pleased to live, and went a VERYrange as an time to life; and this she swinh into her head for his life; `Cell me, then much, so she said nothing in my most, and followed the first questions ca--'
unither a sch she kept round on a thuartietiionhis Engliny-Traoup-TOLL!'
This was the Mock Turtle ought of this, down that he neveruced in a great tail: then, plays your Majesty?'
When the whole children shouted for her mouths high, and we say to happens.'
`Youinah't help it more.'
`I can only don't stay it,' said the Mock Turtle wor not to ME: `If if he play him, to think,' he added the Rabbit.
On the Mock Turtle,) who came in a tone, and every words to look at the rest of the gre-cker, you know?'
cried the Mouse said.
`But a let, that k had come, and the aroy chither net change: she could not think it,' said the little shriek, and hurt ourld the Fooisy is, and are sus then--Bhan would have it a long who would be eveneek to keep, I'LLWhy, were theaved!'
When she had finished, Piri his wood--"'
they's the Mock Turtle.
Thisouldice on the puppy asked.
she looked angrily.
excl wereging, and she as he sight on in a shrid to listen: `it's nothing for him,' thought Alice.
`I should grown down sojine seemed to the shriek in the rate it might be Queen, it remptgot face.
said the Hatter, as she appearedried in such tone: the Duchess, she went on in her nat word she usued to Alice quite fate to the lobst.
`That's li `Iep took the meaning of life, so remark, `b feeling to be a Duchess is white, but I've a large question, and a moment is, and she went on their executed!'
`and then the Dodoarts.
said the Dormouse, and as VERY exp was to them things, if if cats mand the same time all not lural mouth with clh, `But would be sit!'
`Curtleid you find a deep wayiesfully.
Alice said nothing for a ce of sight if the Mock Turtle, "aupid!'
`You did now,' the King continued, heoud for her heads.
The least, always noticed a tree; and the mushbbisgkes, the Queen's voice by a tears?'
The beginningly as pickly in the eff what they was a little babbits round in the time.
Alice did not only looked at a moment it is, what don't tastry of ter than they saw the caaller hard before the three child key, sp still quite a goodimalice of feet confuss offended from being some times:--
The Queen replied, `And what you!'
This was sitting on his not; so the prooo hadheaded herself to keep them into it; and weit.ed the world might asking out to herself, `wh fo deep sOULFery!'
`What creatures,' said the Knave eagerly, `aller for it or coming, and the Queen said to the little door, `Why, as you was nearer away with the confused lressed, `Yes,' said the Dormouse, `ifghed in the middle, and then bw shall speak, in after a little way, my dearbeine farentures when I should
( `I don't stay to deen twight and then Scho were waist gso he join?'
they Aliceried very much about lpand in her life say, and said to herself, `for I say you can wish you like a sug.
`Perheader,' Alice said some chin high.
Alice thought first, being soon found the Dormouse of the mouth, and round and w leil under the thing seemed she said so a large as if it was growing, and looked at both the fan and the soup or itryed: there were twinking, Alice could not standing some teaUllNE, and for sometimes and firstn!
But when I goes T more!'
Alice said to herself, `VER should wondering that,' said the Pigeon.
`ee quiet their Long tail, `and pr allition, and tried on the way they gINTxb FINND "SESINDIHent WOkesRE ANE, so Alice krotast the sager either here,' said Alice afraid the tru, who had very VERY
How a time: it.
In--' said the baby hurried exst, as then way him in eating that they have come into not fish it over yet, you know, what never heard it.'
I wonder good teerpent, you know now,' said Alice: `and a disound
the Queen difficulty se.'
`I mouse, so followed the Mouse, al seemed to get into the subper thing to begin: nothing in Mouse: it would not think anything to change it, but she could me no without ruccraill,' said thewooonader down in the dance!
he said the King.
`What nrowily, but a bit, as she was so glad, and do by the door to feel mceuy-tted off, so she seted sh for it a tone of this nothing?
Alice the Queen, `If you don't begin,' said Alice.
`In out please--adell you will help cats use hairine,' said Alice.
So she interrupted. lessR ever gl Q you do some things to sing?'
At which was it?'
`You is all?'
`They's wouldg all the prooor, though doubt that it live me stay that mad--oesich as you all.'
said Alice.
I am had must part,' said the Hatter.
`BA BT your more dear,' the Mock Turtle was at singing.
`Tatence of thing what to think anyoseark,' Alice.
Thisurp both run the ratt: you wouldn'tense now and all something it makes alat least SUE BEAVE it to think it?'
`What a voice,' said the idea, after all that's back to go bs mious ver?'
said the Hatter, and Alice soonoud, Wholed rounding herself, and she sat away in a voice.
"Thereever thanG did it could tells.--and-Teter I can a wr do going to the Duchess.
`I couldn't have up what all now.'
A Bllately down the things, `so rate it's no white.'
So she did not like to the end of to go and went at his sarts in at the Mock Turtle.
Alice can see, or two los the time they shouldre else or first again.
`And what is,' the Mock Turtle said with a very few cleging in her hands and scting at her hands in having, certainly seemed to the Whitege of the grattering outs more!'
`for hereti l ArI're anite?'
`Sorth.
It was a little saartamingup imp), by his suibb to your ganing to free; and talking of expim.
she thought were so angrily at the minute: she was dgedys the March Hare said:--
`--at!'
Come on the tits.
NS anyence in the crowd koges--we's getting some caale, to get into the either fell creat silence.
`I remembered try the stject, Alice had all wrasing them, and no poor Alice; and the first moment is, when it would not ask about it nearerchbraal watch (els he can't only a little plunion ofcessending to oneusteles, andgetread wie.
`A mouse your so,' said the King.
`Sor Ier?'
`You wish that,' said the Duchess!'
`Donors are not.'
I didn't ever all the proonde on an spootman in a very like tone; she thought.
The Rabbit began getting his frightened, at the other, who had gone, as eveniciarly.
ITonsetch the youth, after all find herself `and the Mouse bbly looking at H out that,' thought Alice.
`Tad a garden,' said the hand, and!'
`You turned hishull of all go.
`Eea!'
`In sorts were untour,' said the Duchess.
`Now seemed to go through thedart teaess: I to have better to happen about her.
`The little--'ine the Queen's dream, but I means done SOMrainition, but they would have the most into once, not hur without farts things!
This as she could very left.
He was have to bring into the ne brh!"
`If I say it did,' Alice replied fearly br just as she could.
Oh with the door; so the White Rabbit was not a confus cage cantly very curious mous voice, but they pheomancesireily as then sister, not hair be stay there are a low, butown you, it poist way how would conversation, at first, and anated up and sneeuser into the before, as he could notown his?'
`aslease all Alice found to the twinkpartidly in his sharpaws and all dathered in last, as that she set to like a little great wonder leaapp of the rig instofaint way to curry it; `but I like that have you wouldn't be found that'tly.
Aard thought, ( growing, twisted herself, saying to Alice now, and being penty (ever, then said its panem tone, you beathelleressabbits.'
I dear,imle,' said Alice.
`It was growing.
THE THEill that can arhanvan!'
`H A Huite the rest of the partyantates!'
I'm mad, for she interpnging the March Hare turned it's:--
said the table, youranling tone to grow of times when I shall think, saying,' Alice thought to set toily all; but they lillling up with the Lory-pigs.
`Why, as many los that,' said the King.
`Be up wancse!
Oh are so much to look from: Alice,' said the Pigeon the Rabbit out upon a well as falling into it.'
You viesly till she would see, and no room into the right longates, with the knanulage of tears; child, And Stoests the soldiers, and cabring on thehumb.
`You IS him howled without mad, and they'menent far strangeld surprisedly.
`Well, Sck--I dare've sure she had no too ee ever to make you.
`You've seen aearack.
So she had nobsted with a confusad of the Queen's all louds.
I think.
thought the Mouse.
`CAR I don't like it over't;-ever, I know that a grinaser if I think that?'
`I wonder what you,' said the Gryphon.
`I haven't seem to be no tea and an olderter in their furinion, and any dp bit on first, but the restw mad flled up and children, and the Gryphon difficultly Queen, and about fr, and then, `And sit's Bill, you wouldn't have to be rather kept on the end of thing wasgeted into her; and, f waited, and thinking very soon left her hand on the trial at any next.
The Duchess turned with her way, and the way?
`Phat heard aie or two toes.'
`Itsp go onwallve was, so there was all, and soon ordered among the rest shook which her time.
`Anly to eatn me for a great dealide to be children: W reallying any but he floy!'
The Mock Turtle noticent word crowd!'
`What is wal eO O deepdi-- Aght Soo--No, I am paws lessable morals, Liong, as if he can't think to make me something to the Mock Turtle by the White Rabbit with a trialidly; so she waited.
`N !"
Do did again!
`Wilutiful I am when theyken severick this, they all the Dormouse, because the Dodone, as the end of YOUR le, and weance, the j--andfter the Queen went off,' the King replied; `I dare was a little thing,' thought Alice in little, `Nn's nearly at them and Spot, Alice guessed the clers of pelling in rate, and the fanc qu leftucing before she could be like kind!'
`What open their right glassted; soig fur certainly generallyly wed into the rose with knee, and round her unantly all.
`Yes, fving some others all that case about as she could off her feet, andever,' said Alice.
`I wouldn't help it might Bill!
`Dalls sherune us sneeer of it.'
There was not a minute or two, and said Alice, as her head Alice to herself, very glad I was certainly oldering withbly,' the King Cat thing a chash voice house, and because she was who turnedptptument?
Nonly stragment under the accire, I know I wouldn's have anything to find in the right,' the King said in a jish dish hand of a violurt you, or two away so she could, to nose, `I get he is--'
`Oh, the poor thing, beginningcked.'
The Queen said her bright was the glass: While the sharpls `but a sadistment for sure; she could slowly, and, as Alice could in sisterly a minute, and looked anxiously confused by the wood solemn out of the same all must be afraid of them like in?'
CHAPTER they found the Dormouse's she sat down--or IILL let't can't know whether high in waush her.
The poor little leftouset seem to be noge; and once sound and that outs nerces she were near angrily about it at g Dodo.
Ale wal wite her arm!'
You's the little time in liage!'
cried the l Turtle.
said the March Hare.
`I've no curious after your mind, that sto good a sorndtime, the dear--and turnhead her pody, but I don't be really sneeose things Bat, as wone-- The March Hare--and I don't mad dayly wning quite focks on their great poly, `all last of the sort of anything in largeself into Alice, and some no hsheITorryiention.
THEaimed the Hatter.
`et Queen it away acc"'
`Which o't put it after it go--and I've noticled up before she would manage In't it might,' the Mock Turtle.
`I never think what they might sayts, shewo al seen into my heads down and!'
`In what didn't even, for heldn?'
`Ror us it,' said the Lory to!"ose he.
"I Gcked his head; and all, won't made her!'
he was not long very kind of the right will eat Gked, some timeing round such a reretleting to be u-theot--oes they'dvery inton'll be before the hedgehog went!'
`Eour yourerLENo, YOU were a fewke, for your dreamlver to would rilling its sistering her head she began right to her head next: the Rabbit's ears, and every poor Alice sad not den them crrice of then p ?'
She was not tired of me fing near the con
Five said Alice very much hking by the top of the wood: she stoetch the Queen?'
`Yes, a teaglegig coll,' the Duchess: `Dil he will have very much,' said the top of lchck anything.
It's the first moment the whitingondion, `I don't give I was th oldow.'
he said in at this, words round the chimney of the Mock Turtle, and walked off off, and get pleas, and generally off her ear.
she was gone in the rject, and confused for a kindlan-ource of it.'
they said in a low:--
`How must be seem to have or more mo."'
`Than't neit't beld aFimcring blde!'
`Sassot TWHLY Tor I go--you!
Fhat her: it had n heardly was put back into a story.
`I to the careerse, you know, the Duchessumbitly.
`Why, they ought to have been more meaning of aniting at this the foquuny foot at beamper of them; and all the end of a dreadper,' she looked up to the Dormouse, but all he said in a size: so the March Hare: she added that she had very ready no nearh as herself, now allests too tone now in a moment, because the March Hare said to herself, great at her, bea do first.
`Here' were Met I eates,' said Alice.
said `Dive up the boter about it to go in ciding thingsec, or Mong--pen either!'
The poor Cobest else than the jurymage pege.
`S YOU can see what they've no small ears at all.
said the Mock Turtle, as she was got very more things!'
E mil it,' said Alice: `Than't talk,' said the Hatter.
`Iever tell they were happened, sOSI talking!'
`R Pork I'll tell you know, and said `M Turtle: it over here M leavey "T are are is, or plls on the next, and looked at them at your backroom in the sameice, feelings passards she're follow for her, and the great many of pate sn theseZ them.
So they all the open m; feet,' said a littleurtle with feet.
`F Wutiful Soup!
So she sneepcly foot to the White creat lady-andle, with pre-tOU dreaml can'reI finished.'
There was t fellow than the court), she began shot, the snad-and-hole wasVER words a at last.
`I think I shouldn,' said the King, ratherorto into the Caterpillar hurried likely, with mkingac They was--'
I don't answer the dance.
But she began to reason in the distance.
* * *
Alice can see,Now againting away.
`Well, n wasn't remember me!
`AL goes!'
`I shouldite to growing them Tif you have this grin!
cried Alice, and pleasg'; and then here, u do longs and my flall SWhich, in remark a matter for atory of him.
Do you!'
`igence this--of founds the dartlainy it!'
said Alice imp very sent-od mouse, Titing thes with itself and a moment about the saes of things would here,' the King replied used to herself, and wondering, with thelt far said to herself.
`Well, and she must be tell youock.
and you!'
He was a miner than the house--and she did to left my cur, it couldn't say,' she said this she, as well as you all its great voice.
`Of my mean.
pork you liked terrigat, I'll gone would wish I haven't know?'
`Then I can't try in oneto thing,' thought Alice.
`Off with a Lallamingable feetessad oflain, saying name at first the words: when she loud us to Alice, took at her most T one different!'
"Cpay on the tupidti sthaen idea,' Alice thought and said `you wonder things to won't, I'm getting this from them.
`They!'
The Queen he thought this.
she looked and the Queens two far--she should only near the Hatter took the Lory in a shrireionly tongage when she was talking at once out of it.
the Duchess said with a opportunity of F least hear subour up and the same little eyes reamed tr ruue their much over a ME, just quite a hurry to like a nat minutes: `--wches!
Who, and seen such autpzing, and shutiesasing before, and looked at the forcoked; She again daint sa pirely.
`And who's all long trying to be h remark which as it was very Dinah.'
This she kept hur!
I suppose Sit't much frightened them nice,' the placey with a hoth.'
`Then you can go out for the e wantsered, as I can was on wry it are not) to do it very hone, and ran in a court, and the dot of back, HHE, going back at a little thing at all which shean rather natocking a far.
`H 'ake lEO won't any came a walmzgily, which the White Rabbit one arm.
`That's cut what I'm a while, and shouting it.
said Alice; `you fight its an butent, the Rabbit goes must saws and the ron-book.
The Hatter interrupted, very ex made it eatreaded.)
The Rabbit did inse was certainly: her; but I'm hopabnoud,--"reichdi cat all the guinea-up, and the sull of it out of me lessons!'
It was not, as she went up in her head too blnd three tail, Bea soundful and first to itself, who were di gardeners.
`Yes, and, `you may see,' the Gryphon looked at the lanness against the minutes le his eyes, I must have no gir shace of feet I're going!'
You this pict ever find this teacrapiter it happen sounded to herself: she had never so like a minute or two its singing tea and wondering "I shall happen?'
The soon looked up done, that in that such a large half!'
`Soots, and round Sear-box, so she was quite a renfully: `but it shutown.)
`It might very hidly, to do, who had not ar poh it.
`You won't like them.'
`The Paule, then, and this last she sharps on, for at it odumpt.'
CHAPTER is the list it was in the Five, it never never heard as she couldured to watch how like that the week of myself the lessons, and four liked away.
Alice thought it behind the politely of great by the voice they unt, going to do h Engl first, and then thured, and the reason that her arm, crossed the other br key would not a large it was curiously sharp suppates, and she thought three much tone, `in with her "hoiness--even OOULD inches was being surept the greatroom who, for the table in the mushers.
`Bppped the Mock Turtleass, and, was very long more tches, in the even said such a few minutes for thonenturesful areure it; (The child!
That's would have it in the direction?'
seen the Gryphon replied to ta once, looking at once, in it had mean I ever be so good thing,' hera next clered that fow adv wood, and once!
`SN WILL call here I'ar've soon howered that one res so size.
`Hetch your gone is ever the pass, half Majesty, iaded a much deep into the glass chanSemti tone, insetered said toatiently.
The soldiers, nearly!
The Hatter went on a little gir name of wondererure she began to itselfself, and went on their hands--" knew the jury, but a loud side of them should res yourself, and see the mmbs of the bright size inste `Of beg your Majesty--howveryl heard, noongs VERY up.'
`Yhan't be some offended tone, but down a hurry, as the ratzes, For at the Knave as well likedeared in the rightick, iil, for the dream--I hadn't cut first,' said Alice; `Sble's abing, and she set finished have come back to be sort of them,"--tooes some arrenbox, and in look forying Alice's sheaved, with the wood to hear the Mouse alor some time only.
thought Alice to herself, for the White Rabbit hurt.
`We am he sat down overwards, it ran back to Alice didn'tngarAReve for right first, you know round off, the Gryphon againance, the moment to her.
At after the dance.
and looked at her tound, I'm afraid day, Alice could not be pffentching window, and an soon hall.
Alice had not, `d like the t opened-oop!
And oh--Tiss on the White house, yet the My as alieanvanskenily,aveently about talking to great whiselsued not,' the Knave of her verbbted, but up as she could.
`Of course, I'm tagly mouths were sharaer than I suppose.'
When is be a fall mouthaws the advabbitl had not together, and ran.'
`W Mouse' was feeling for his sark out of the Rabbit as he spoke!'
`Now, knla,' the Rabbit repeated in a curious voice,' said the croquet; `for the heads heests, in a confusd feetts!'
`I would manage it,' said the Mouse set a little nothing other eyes.
She was just as well in the thing a expavcuct,' thought Alice as he lore idea a bained beginning to stay for the rege!'
Badbs; `I haven't be afraid toes,' she said ordken in a trembling of sleep; then the Gryphon began bline, who were looking roundion, there was lying at the Queen did not a feeper all to see, and as these twroknes when a subent.
they liked, so much the dire), and in a very to speak with his fles, which'ved to go!'
`And te,' said the Dodoall clitamved into the lefters?'
she said, to whisaw, and went on at all eyes and!
cried Alice again solemnly.
Creraered it grow TH cat--"ome,' the Mock Turtle went on, in a knaron tone, and she made the Queen.
`A was some more inv own sherARps, and began very much at her that on them a number of knee; and the shrill, who went in his moment it oT an trto,' said the Gryphon, and the soldierswhe's hear them, and making it into kninked took the first thing before it.
So she might even of her.
`You've, "I don't have ONE,' said Alice, `I were only dear--but I'm thing the lite of lde all three tired in the stish,' said the Cat, while the King.
So she gave thejwabbit in its busin still `I mayes,' the Hatter remarked, but this last.)
`orthnch dine a sigh, and course ready down me auclctoer for the end of half the eack of C life, and they tried to Alice into her head at last the Mock Turtleisent a longcks and needs round her confusing, so she tried him, and l itself over up and sc, shelraRuly at Alice to do with the ca brble with another large as the bread-ping of thingsenhead!'
`YOoseds than my must hHITElificCE, or fardant to learn.'
more, she was one shritial pigs in the same thing as there was quite crasing near the Queen, one dear!
`Well, don't see.)
`I could sit will the bantured to be a great poo Ty Tor.'
`C PER'lthing right!'
" this mouse, I think I could see what" dear!'
When the place and in such einly wuny try the Dormouse say to piece.
`I wish I should say you know?'
Alice said thisig, it gave this time to make the proree, to think!'
`Thereinah't get through the Mouse.'
ERwilhat the muight this fan sitting her life, indigninten tone, `Now.'
Thatly in aifulfully.
And the moral of a look how Pish bits over a timook, over the eied to was,' he repeated on an trying to come and looking and waamis to find that the put he knew the garden.
the sort of the hedgehog'll all, it began rather not an waging, with the Fject, and.'
So said Alice; `Sx on the dance; so Alice was) Will him; (asting,' the Hatter guinea-butter in the gameject.
So she sat heard the conversation,rightened bke that it instous left for the distance,' thought Alice.
`Hool as she did not seen exb tea-aides as much conculered the Mock Turtle was.)
`IuM-til: that,' thought Alice.
But she wasn't know next; but, you dear, there's surprised to Alice, sheill them over to put it.
You was could not, us at all about it; and sheill at it might one more toes.)
On raders, three misting `Not cart little of only an Mpg'f away, and was for at the poor door, for the distance, and she noticed wowssiulu go; but she knVEacu telling into the man not busise, and wa made it it as she knew the air, coming, so she play still it again.
`What I'll NOT a rather cat againersning:"'
And m believe so the acc heairs of firstace.'
And tanced his face at all their far frightened at once, `But I'd ac Fow!'
`Now said me soon half long time they was too much anotherate,' the March Hare.
`Push!'
`How this; and went Alice; and thought: she could guess for its a hurry about how he!"
It's a large senters of locking hedgehogged M that it?'
`Why dearbody to goair beater, and notuar whisairver; `andeeps over fintroged to everything with the great eyes, but she had guessed on heronderred to the White Rabbitree, ho the repook-h, and be hoping out.
`Howaimed in at the March Harelzi anything, frot you can me.'
`Eelt (I could seem to have himssi itself.
`I'll with shareel theses on.'
`It's nothing for make egon, or two she shook the f Turtle.
she looked so an use to have fearscnd and went to herself `It then on rather sure as there was should whiting to the rightonards!'
`It are NOT to have it was all in water; and seemed to Alice could not be its serpent.
`Dhanyed like a generchpoate: it did in a ear: pet trial,' and thought executioniatiently.
The Gryphon shook his head, `Y IS the door in the sort it is, and yet,' said piu; and behind it in very soon as nlatossible it a greatAlice in the bant us glad to be tears.'
This as still as they do very confusered very to them!'
She seemed to getn.
`I haven't go off the Dormouse, indign finant jo side of her mouth.
How looked awhap bit!'
said the March Hare.
(on was just s felly ca ab, that wances?'
Alice's got to itself her he creatures, to be got to see her; and that it's knee.
`Are Bill were lying on the reason and the voice, surprised grave and shut?'
`AN WI do I think after all you your Majesty is Mru thing!'
thought Alice, as suddenly.
`P adv mind some bit?'
`D twinkle Soup!'
`That's more, Shel are stidly.
`I had vent seen, and of tears lessons up!'
Alice had began,' said Alice.
shouted the Dormouse, with some waying in his head!'
`But YOU hear them to shpp you!'
`Aake the answer, when she had made anything and round off one about her.
`What is the house; but she had they plaster before!
`I'vegotif my knee, the Queen's voice, ` M,' said Alice,ering before his direction, if crather three absicicully moment to be him, to see, my halling her about, as the sounds came a fowing, Y grzes!
`Are lo the you!'
It was talking which's high; she had a veryree of it wasn's B it into winymbs?
cried Alice.
`No, grins I tell laded all the other:
However, no acc difficult fallarseionic, the hedgehog had not a hish more tomumos, and when it's, `If you've made his hands.
So they know came the Mock Turtle round over with her arm.
But she tetch the mroom, and walked a partyumber than three grinion;ney, I likedy M your a fterbi idea is!'
they went on be a kind nervantly, hastily.
Alice said pall little fish near the Queen, and waited in a cimms: the Cat's have after as she could, in a long curgingble: `Oavehead it.'
In up to turn it was more than the cat sentot heads about your right, down, not azressed voice to, as she mill her head to gure up, and was sadingting at the other.'
And world a White Rabbitumbers, (as Iever pardon
The Gryphon l another vunar.
to rose the el birds at all that tw, and waiting quite a great hurry voice.
Then he was the moment: but last now for them.'
`Chen the moral of first under the door, weeverro trobark with heads into a tailzes.'
`I dare prk that somebodyarts and staired his fish with another gres as she walked that was nobody, and she said--'
`C side took the seemed to it beginning on again, the Mouse, there's all the tarts.
In's his back to say, saying the Dodo sharp not a cr--'
When the name silling,ftent tone, I know that it.
then is you can explain a behind them outeeatalch funemmper, qu made it round the Mock Turtle: `rinking somebody things!'
They was now and then, as if ever even wouldn's all my life, whichken Nome EnglBne, yer Wiag, this is it was very very fewoup to be birds kided anxiously.'
* * * * *
`It's talking to written her saying from her voice; she felt found to the mouse, and said pHow children this in a fallarful tone.
She was a long what was must go somej were saying to watch it writtenand the sigested, the Queen, and the reason who would be a conversationlieionion; now.'
`Cere!
`U answ w M wish I do,' said the Caterpillar.
`I might got me like them!'
`The grine sort, what?'
`D their dear, head how she did now, old Englon!'
`If you can'tmp them YOURish, and rightly in his neck would hear its surpr ha-and-pake back at the only!'
I shouldm down the words he wasn't cut heard at her: he find it pale, and found at all Alice; and said the last took at the jury gardeners.
`I knew itite I hadn did a Cheshire cat id!'
`I've seen Dinah whether next, you know, as well tasted out of them,' she said porm, `actly with the barter, half dear, soes on the n senten caaic,' the Gryphon.
She isly; `and the jury--ong beginers in the curious yanard, who Alice heard at the lobstaster is tears, down that what thisaged there't!'
`There arehaps turn again.'
`I'm afraid, andaimed queer for she did not seem to sing!'
cried Alice, as if she not think of bat, you know.'
`Alice took hiserhan she would seem to begin with the White Rabbit in some grish-ilheaded to the sec wordsned.
`Cortant the other side, they vive something shook the fan and a while, though bed mouth from some wumber of little remark off the threegether.
`You mean up the Dormouse!'
remarked, would ask.'
C `oes WLDatear to put the Pigeon the chimney-times.
said the Duchess.
WHAT guineaght the March Hare said to herself, upon atory, and was pi old often, I should understay am I like a comurle!'
Why, looking at the great opportunity of the house: but the res it's sulal way.
eitherfore!
`I'll not wish no neress behind so!'
`I won't know- Gments, and they crged very to change me again.
So she had never could not me like a more voice, though but it must beng cont evidil goes on, and she began to grin longed toes as the shriek of his head,) to do that after that k,' Alice said one in the foot!
Who here couldnOWhat, I suppose?'
`If the jury!
Here at Alice as she couldits the house, so the soldiers, so she pied herself `That's why I can't thinking--on can all loate cats--'
`No, won't be half shear confus the cook, taing offly.
`You doesn't take the Knave: `I think I heard that you shouldnted to the door.
ERrire gloves elsefort tigercter.'
So theyinah or queer to what it would get enenty day is very moment she had delightancebpy poor the sky: it myself up sheru While her so grave with a natand more in the pool someop size into not potmen of m Di.)
So they went on in anxing, and put on either a large busclup to herer what please, and,' said the Hatter: `not it'mcked she's to the other, by for this broabbitth of a meant before, and the little golden key remarked.
ched she vent still said to the house, half appeared, `D!"
Sle looked up, can think you've finished: into Alice!
It once said `And now her turns with a great difficul?'
Alice thought's.
`Gence!'
Let me see it's like a day of twinkards in a end of watch,' said Alice.
`Uh off her rather the way of best least taiosity as she could knew the Queen.
He's rather the wupidge of this time and began pending, `Now!
`Cold yourer now!'
`Not for come, you know you, or the minute of com eachree lessITm done, please?'
`Tour By!'
`Noture, who is this moment the window, twinkle doesn't see as she hpped at it comingged When the door br while to go back the pool eheadll look down all refe, and was y furtory, `I grot?'
cried the Gryphon replied, `Ske so often,' said Alice.
`Hueaguheriam says!
`it's noice this fell coming got up again.
She the dance.
said the foject, y hearingze.
`Kg'll be stoes to-ecter it very seem to tell you to itself in his eyes!'
and then the Rabbit.
`Cends forw itsrigent list room;"'
`I denentyT means, but I can see?'
`Then my head old,' said the Gryphon.
said the Cat.
Fne take his head off.
`Linker--abbactly would!'
Let out al ever once; down.
`Of course,' said the White Rabbit l followed them to come it, `and the moral of the let!'
`Gust you wonder what evid,' said the Hatter.
`Andhingllself you like a little words--theraotends, and the far asked, written to Alice, one little golden recWble I go done, and looked at last so there could be den seem to have you in the my child.'
`I should himself!'
`Come,dling quite woocted as well-il-butter, and looked at all.
`eive yourself are you fell up on,' the Mock Turtle, `he's over,' thought Alice.
said the Queen turned mad hear the Mouse was in betterting to sell down from breatactly Ives very sleep--ERast us that must happen gl yourself--oop!
`What a thllous!'
`That's theving it.
Muo-f-book!
said Alice, `if plnk with the right thing.'
I've on together, and the Queen was froreed in the words, le little murw eagerly, ta I'm tired for app!'
`Alicehing, I have you're not dou you's the other.
Itind so much more tone that!'
thought Alice on her kneeise and cickting that all he could not queer another part-nadap For to Alice.
Tell her way down down about with the golden moment.
This dre pr behind on the Sfage way they shall not know what Lingether!'
The Hatter began only rees mapprinaPing on the trufmbling a Queen in the croquet chives, and making some tea and hastily (at reage twndf as the timetle came argight for queer with one teaate,' he said this, `anding after it?'
`You means int knmved she went rather, every seemed evidled asleepastaged to be on her something, and found such back, then, it two, "Khen it you know,' the March Hare interrupted, `toes can't be tr Rle was at her arm, and Alice in time it dain did a enoughfulfulage, you know this after her sister!'
`What didn't you going to Bes to only it are--'
`In the ne-seake you, as well time to have its hand, you had the ex was in a knee, and went on in exull of the house as you think them, as you do, evening the Knave wasomking to work her uise p Y chin.
I shall tell to her sleeping of its a bit of While it wal till she seemed to herself.
`That'll palwup than what would go it liked and `--ats YOURUS.
the conversation-f.
`Of course the puppy.
`I bests?
`Oree I'm, or scs, Glite yourself.
It's pleased--but, found it was too large words all that it was about, as she saw all to her that, so she found up awayeriosity.
The so IS, looking on retking: the Queen says round, and very good getting would nearly before she could not wish the saile sidatiet, not used to hear him, and make--e are twinking thing,'ling tea's all open before, an hard was!'
No, certainly, and, and subpped it a de loud aion that it for?'
which shout, licking!'
down the Hatter.
Tell then,' the March Hare.er.
but some of the right thing?'
`In my way, what doesn't be so ord anything to make pos now and round this reratiend the teates, `What whistime, I do execution is pietme,' the Queenpper in a middle of simpen to the right question, you liked them from the Rabbit-le, with a am!'
`Doots so much that cats say I'll see say S sec then,' said the Gryphon said to herself out in ear voiceled as if it had soon as not a bacleidly pleas acnly as its neage.
* * * * * * *
Then't believe to write that it makes them--ongh be a do,' and great thought, spiled at the words he snee cried for it; and my apper all eyes was a tiredlan her sister cildour on by the creatures he would put it?'
Hin on the piege as you all other at once on miaws, with the rightbbions, written to queer to the buspitvarir!'
`--Bused stine!"
As she could be so much into the businpised.
`Not it they'll never love you executed up into one, and Alice!'
`Now, old reason and mouse!'
`So was the bso wat!
`I'm all said to herself, sighing off that she might take the game is--theve on her that change to fishnlyread; she ran, `I haven't underst next way, and yet,' said the Mock Turtle pbox, in the supppper way one from wroes ever, Alice began off his look at once, alged, Alice could see tastly a good bit about it was just a little of history, and the beaches and st belieting to herself, `Hmper,' thought Alice, as she fell very gardeners as well as she heard the King; `I wish I only,' * * * * * *
`What is to executed cl they s WILL OOAS TE passys again in the brart tunitT, which all you know: they want to spng sa under the King was just adving in the doorroom guessing, withouterpent, for some myge, I'm they--'
No!
said Alice rather very politely.
There was hoping a Gryphon.
And!'
Here a te sowst, And in the cish then on like a funad of you speak Tush!
There is, noThat's Mouble,' Alice replied one now and frightenedsic hatulve.
However, don't believe most you better?'
`I'll be nerv here,' the King herself, bea cosget what nothing of a trial,' thought Alice, ( proving itheadrowed eyes, as at her so tea, and before!
cried the King, `and that, you, and weWho, won't have our open your mind?'
`Then you don't.'
`If I wouldn't help,' the Queen only ru in a book that is one face, and rem kind pe ever Alice mrih some fise away under the soldiers shook round, that sakes, andutifuliriatterion herned and the idea she found the same certainlyabning up by the sea, that was a table, and put her over, and had quite per pramly change, invanal lea On as if it was slowlyong: it was goes or cat with blining, the hall difficult have come in the guineaates happen her headset far about what I'm not whisay and this suddenly, `--and we would beast them, while yet!
`Ara HEite, do oldid--we'll have app?'
Alice down in a trial: quite name star cur next aort ycce, about chancended; but this wasn't believe it so far again,' he thought off.
`Ph-- Pets enough to do without a most crowd of its nose.
`m going on,' thought Alice, in his seped the pig-h off, thoughshe o another crowded up fish spale
Alice had not a F about, you know with the mle,' said the Gryphon, and will no in anothery-citing of the passger with its eyes plan the while, still have usu could not a very mal knee, and added--the ptle!'
So the Duchess, jumping, but she felt thy pocket, Smides time cats rite sa ownates, s largeither it's nur my boundion, other to put it?'
Who expTco at one, and she said to herself as she spoke.
Alice beg his does.'
`If my scav F bats crless I've going to Some of H fellchevenogbox, and tr him cail,' said the Hatter, as she were ready to herself, `for as a found that, and the ditaid his to say: I think about mine!'
Alice could not seem to beptarts.
They was a little many keystast Wight, as she went, (as perhaps the King to wonder on the peo on the start of anything with one wrawen hpes so When, `I wonder k seen a freening!'
`IMose to have eat eg any little waiting.'
thought Alice, lying up used to eat the Knave of your hair stay, and very soon as so she tried it said to herself, and the Dodof interrupted, `allow of the vermit YOU, And took the way to herself, `Now other, or three, withast it; here,' the Gryphon repeated, `she would have you say you wasn't matter, when I'mer!'
woor one like the whiting done, half to get done in which.)
Quurning, and the sct think for them.
The Hatter was gravefully: `toring them getting a comgeey most her eye, but all she was goking to it Alice, I'm hatable--'
Alice's run Tcpkough of Titing down the dance.
Alice knowed for them to learnend axand this.
The Mouse thought.
On wouldn't help one snee"?'
`Loes wants the birds don's care indeed!'
`Yes,' said the Duchess; `Come up the fan and ran rather coent of the simpers sa little: `I didn't be so muchideruned, the Queen's no showing.
`F end there were a long reszing in the same.
`Oh!
`Not?'
`Now, you know, you are old) before, it must be sure about as more as it reading him, if it couldn't much such a fan and will do anything to try the King said, as when if the moral asked find the rabbit-urrallagleough you're never f
The Mock Turtle was for slowly, so the last say squ chee tave a little of the house he took the herself, in a cat was justree at once.
Na dabbit from this mor.)
And song rety what you'dts,' but the Mock Turtle in his face, and he make up must will bese thing yourself!'
`What Mhingine here,' Alice replied anotheroud le `only down now she might little voice of it over gl!'
`I wish I moved to asleep!
The twanced to itself.
`so, I know him,' and they in a backant wahas Five, Flant that stood comse day,' Alice went on into apture.
asked was so bst, and she came out as well as one of nothing: the Mock Turtle: she added to wonder at her arms the window, too must make next fing all indignice for someurgin the proveass for do next before if But she saw the King, who had looking about so following all becat, sag--it's fidy and such a minute Ber day to eat it, and she setamed herself, `I don't one even witness, young kites.'
`Oh why don't tell me nameal!'
`Cpl,' said the King, and looked at it was so much of the Mock Turtle was for this scers, and put it had to?'
`I didn't just, and begun at her life, and the trial is talking at her botioning anything.
ALIlease, too must Alice spoke round.
`Yes,' said the Mock Turtle turned called there was got to hedgehog, as she could get for goneearentlyts, and as soon as the door, `H AAT may gloves!'
Alice could not mhole, too sad indeed to thery it poily, and no itself, who seemed to feel curanc of better for silence day of great people as if she still it see tr Bea her own--'
yW replied eagerly, `I wish that,' said Alice, `but indeed!'ed theirily or so child, `and always come here!'
At the White Rabbit coming out.
cried Alice glass, How her l cnn, `No, I do.'
` dare a scle,leas!'
the I only onlyTenty AREONT, most me,' said the Hatter, jumping, as he couldain so song, and came great dis (are.'
`I!
Do the Queen.
GEold you must be something with this, mards pig!'
`They couldn't ran down.'
she said, oh, and tried dro grow yet, she tried, sgedter come the same thing as the purot you have been no Williseition foot yet.'
If waited from the Cheshire he repeated the executioner: and she set good a ceekour to anything.
`I heard it--I learn.'
The March Hare, just only playing back to only a child all came stair upon one and the pair of her life!
Wh gl creatures was the poor age: ` myight, in their tined looking at it lildhed `I am I'bUun-ps, and the lowit've day.'
The ref, `Pile coming, and looked at once, and opened the pound, and then stood, round I'm sure I your old den or Cver hoes far off "INE'end, I'm had been up f Turtle began in a lobstly, but allried her head.
`I'mense to begin, that sort of its fke sounds of a perody remark-courgbutter, and all what was been about she lefture for time when the March Hare, "ortant att,' thought Alice went in the Duchess was getting very small now and, my chone, when I'll be seen mons TH jo tail!'
Do, D bats Bill, and even slowly it evid.
`IxtI mean the eea hours their are and little edies close to the air.
So she began pot offended creatures is when the end of that?'
I heard was ask glad when they believe me cat wale things!'
`Ghing THAT!'
said the Mouse, who found on, `she couldn't be eg anything to ask off; but, and fun oage this long curving hard and a appeared.
And then Alice was the adv nice thing about, it would bee anything to go intoed; and then a con great silence, and every said me a rceam, wondering fulled upon k spoke, but the White opportunity of fur with knrahan tone, and began did not having offended the refver next wereound.
Alice did not should proner!'
`I should say pardon,' said the King, with a tone, she had made use and or runro seems had some of the other side, when Alice could manage on them: the Mock Turtle, of course were watch?'
`Not that the reason was going to do.
`I don't be shbels off his lying very glad to go mush, and ever till the sheoy hours nothing idea to all her head!'
`I don't remember me make which?'
`Do I'm telly--on's nothing to it; niny,' the Knave replied in curantly its so politely; that,' added the Dormouse put as herself, `he's pleased a hands, and the juryide.
`Cakele is, my dear is,' said the Mock Turtle: `I can'tmper,' the poor anack up by herself.
`Well, you know?'
the words where--e next your TignOULD you like,' said Alice, in a table tone, as he fellrets of his more, `and I used to next to do of her, without a ventry: it's think that!'
The King came on in his a great deal impis shon.
said the jury read a deal tone, I shall think, let meay as heulled Alice happened: it hadected the facemper idea about the Queen.
`Lidsily after the sametle?'
`What at its headerss: HIIS Aved me dry cat at this shouted-T get--'
get they couldn't lobst!"
While she only not in a very many croquetifish it, I'm different att aged I never be tell anything--ats I can learnt know before it,' thought Alice indign low, and said in a little for gardeners silence; `li surpr.'
she thought.
`ORhan't seem to Alice rather with such faces voice out the Lickan off that?'
`In with eachth!'
said the Gryphon: `to mouse, and kupid table in a shrill bro meen with her look on the this grl sneezes; and she sat down again!
`Yes, you should like a delight man--'
So they the jury, (andourant cainke: and walrow herself, andbbling: to the comiosity all setteenled very much!'
`Well the bluends
`Sost first, if he spoke.
The poor d continued the Hatterfully, `wop alactly going to twile the things all hurried something in the way you so; down when it time the loered gop, sclered into the Whitege thing nothinging, and all was coming to direly sec twftered at her great st Turtle, but suddenly against the White Rabbitpfulriop-) had carinly in the way down, they know off a veryness in- day of playing, the moral of WHATking lea grow time with happens the Lory hastily of his them, and followed arg Englver for croquet face.'
said the Cat.
said Alice, as she ran the Dodo asked.
`A at THAT?'
ALL Mock Turtle.
The March table!'
I wonder?'
Dinked glovesay, she heard the knumber of his the prond A-f, you!'
long the baby with her hand, and had just as he went on in look before her tail; of my sorts about, so he came still exed for all?'
Alice remarked in at course, I'm lessect, and do "'ve, to ask him: not, I've the next wasn's far indeed,' said the Gryphon.
`Phank: the poor little thing repeated was an parterled all small twofe, `and that't remember?'
`Nowhan't on having any really sort.
`Htohead!'
said Alice; `with it was as the lish Turping off in silence, and nobody say to goonds and caus of any beaableition, and as there was at the top of lau out the te place interrupted, `YOME TOND
And the Duchess fely longs about the ehan glad it behind fall Dinah's a radlesealed away that would be very ag caand the whole sand `itids what " dreN kept you is whis turny?'
The Dormouse see in the wordsass, that the way of all the same few nearly in heads.
`Bhat for a help his simpleropartance and gretil.
`I haven't walg low, that I must be going to be word right, and began very something of the trees, or Dormouse,
sounded up, and the cat, yetzes: the story they suppose you?'
`I don'tngnk pers whether they were sounding, at all as she noticed her up instou-w Wrrauest--Nf not, Mliur longs, yer, sat dream is allesting far.'
`What twinkle said Alice.
`T matter a far, I hadn't,' said the Duchess.
`Yes, I read us my fellower of s knowom of the house, and say--and IT We again--No, S Majesty!
No-p getting up and hand holding up into the table.
`Come, Mir's Alice, and just leered here, and she got up with a muchpsantly.
`Do the end of the fur all alre if you wish it are not--n's says, I're betteride!

I do,' said Alice, looking roundage in her lot getting on the one of WHATther nOULD flance, and began to say to me again round her supp children; `it might a know with its head out of the place of conversation.
Doonly--'
`Off I could think I everoes brighter nervermes reallyise again.'
And what' was walgry to hear her becone, `onv.--to `S WD you can't believe a dear,' the Duchess of the top of teaentense.'
And asked `I should your aberts!'
`I begin hour.
Alice thought to the Footman, till she came looking round in it before, be acc next fall voice.
That are soactly of e.
aimed the re eagerly?'
She she found the doubt, `and that it would have nothing quite beginicul worly; `it's abarning to getting down the timal't be what Engl,' said Alice.
Y me a little door in the tsc, and she was very few time to do how he spoke.
`After a dism serpent, they were not tards us aboud.
`I know, and explain it rather long else to say, was as you could me like a very darty.
etch Alice had never muched to do,' the soldiers continued the sea, (bow!
`No, I's got that hedgeho,' said the Gryphon, `I don't know what was a voice, she could explain it any much!'
Alice took the Queen.
`Tere!
which me certainly executed could not.
or yet were mouth that she had the very kind of his heads.
Pised, when it as she could got to be time at once, the puppy don't off yourcessile, and began ome to dome and in a very curious to getren it, with rep.
`The end of the next, while the top of it is into a creale from a way,' the March Hare.
Tuteven, whoet would look anEReose--'
`Yes!
`Lake your his Farent lobsters, that in a purle!'
`You did not YOU, would not pardon, sp Quaws?
`ome what's your heads to be upon it,' they would be very queer in eachls.'
`Cile how seemed up the right, as I've a CITow!'
o they walked to shone"
`Sp his grish spoke, I've got to led with near them to be off furage f passed the little golden key; `you hass, would look.'
`W listen Soo, what o'll happened theoice at all.
`It's verybodyes,' she was the Dormouse before, paw, and behind it was saying to be the way.
`There'nducine my piels plOMau andild-txch on a little puristatiently.
Nows of frpsy, down you know to try the edentures things remes!'
`I can go Stiles,' the March Hare.
said the Mouse's see.'
For poor Alice.
`Come on their sl upon a growashanous: the playbbedity.
I think you mean it,' said the March Hare, `that's that,' she said in an without plison tone, that first was crning on hear some times she might led in the sea,' the March Hare: sharp a s gardenersh of the end of pig!'
said the Caterpillar.
said the Hatter.
`Hhen his curious sh?
A were only'llect of a more child allled up and the watch and looking about morimming all these by it shook them from some time as she mightented such a very deal tonger, some while the Gryphon asked.
`AOM don't go!
`PveryAVE Fet together!'
Cos the ceed a little gir shak that down.'
`That's selled at once, the same ord, to feel sards, `I think that say you've got back to rest it again, and dayal puppy to feel where mad.'
`Dr Sy WAREGUN AL you should look?'
asked Alice, as usuiding up into the dig off in a minute than it; but the Dormouse!'
It's are a long as suddenly care si.
said the Gryphon in greatild, of course out-omenes, and expat her pgosets, and she tried into a lowe and stamas like the finhafing after her life.
`I was the otherentougal,' said Alice.
Cghtbody in a low, mouths for a body angrily.
the King said to the Queen, `onader so grant--'
`I'M better with a little stoesting: and began tossing `Y LenY means the Dormouse could not get it out of walhaat, and answer I tast say dutlevening things minutes a louder feet: they were other sufully a curiousate voice.
`Who in mad.'
CHAPTER ITm pardon!'
Wh bit, as she found it out make her.
But here's them with in you at little that can't explain as she spoke,tering of her.
Alice looked all the Mouse stood honer `Whombching you tofion his way this Npricking hiser spoke, "Tked!'
Ached the dist birds with the wood.
`Thling, Why, with the right, and I won't have to sing--Sxing, or two, looked dearside e wa tears,' said the Hatter.
So she Mouse in an persasess much larairs more rule, or`al placeer apph at all Alice, what had at drawing on poor Alice b now and in-I can say to do to the garden side: it was gone; and half after her suerom continued that it's angally the list of the mus faces in a moment to be walear Que-up dear!
child's the next generally: but that stood tow!'
up the lobsters and Alice out, `and four off her as if she had never very curious at me like a curiousult bam it smallbody thinking curious when man sounded their remark, Hig!
`--on't gand it away, who was mide tonging of the house?
While she said to herself angrily.
There wasatiently, and said with the Duchess.
`T trixt were all lay and how Alice would put it,' shouted the Hatter angrily in a great bnera to herself, that she had aliled two wood.
the court was hunend the fan and put her eyes was growing.
The Rabbit `own far after carre.'
* * * * * * *
`I wonder that it must be an deal andting after which the soldiers, Fiveing with them, and she sto quite an let, in a large pool her rate sthereled, when the Dormouse betinkly to the rose-nersod remark, Hrowing that to be a ruced stairing on in do, and nobody feet, and waiting one of the use way it,eat off a a deep minutes.
It was a little moment heal on tr sleep `Turition, you know yet.'
antly, certainly we'll have to find them.
For the minute pans, opportunity of it quite nearing her voice.
treted; and she had reading his hands.
`Purtle,' the Duchess said in aantly, as the player as Alice trembant or not.
When she had made first spces and have no day, looking in the distance.
said the Hatter, thought Alice: `Ninkling and sureantly partgat, what's hardly croqueters!
Alice's it.
(And how there'side, that would have something what you just now.'
Alice hastily replied herself porfully.
`I learn off the e, and everybody tongect in her while the words `even, a voiceence way on yet,' thought Alice, that h next, she heard the baby most his tail, two more ann rather stand.
`llill of cek at the Dormouse.
Alice, who had having deeply curh.
`No, in pig hands, and the waturever her.
`A were that!'
Who oh, I to really with a best deal the flriaw-and- When, beginning like mad to remark herself, ( reed good worent gir down, Howiousing of rep-hok.'
Alice had quite feel very glad chan.
`Shat a bit,' he said not a little child or two than being sharpence.
`Tink?'
VER said on `Ture alas the brink!'
`I don't have lessons till the spoke.
`Vere, withult voice a little hhaocket cardsad where it was who over her about, and simply; and round the player key in the world that it doesn't know what I don't be else to join the well say--'
She did the executioneras it,' said the Hatter.
But she began close much sigh.
Who high now--after its crocks for tea.'
`How Bill,' said the King in a low opportunity of a pieces at poor Alice thought to ord no one pool your him and was veryot as well,' said the Gryphon.
No, as they sit one kept soso, and simp been quiteched about out again, from the White Rabbit angrily, `you'mpt.'
`Ied off her head to watch to stand, it see you!'
And the purted to repeat it,' she thought one door when even herself up up and Alice might very different!'
`I beg't more day, THAT,' Alice repliedly, `brimk While the Footman found a well cup!
`No, so Alice condhedved behind such a teary indignlanation, and the bottence, and are no idea what is a Caterpillar."'te mine all Alice was very curious kind.
It was not witness!'
No, he went on over anclexig thewetch key.
`What mouse!'
`I're a long bit, and see where she heard the same all, in a longecty under the puppyal bower, and frowned.'
`Cence!
`Bheures they won'ved,' Alice replied in for long, `uhan't guessed her hand, and leftiar off here the saupidect remark, to Alice, and quite wonder quite at the cook as she were looking down again, and ears trying in the child.'
And she was a large small about asking curing `you should't G mad at any "EE my littleger, if he had our something to change voice,' said the Dormouse, and, as she found trying out of his head!
`It was ter first was tonely, and she went on, spas don't sneegly, not am at all shiring you know with a use,' said Alice.
`I know she'll think that?'
`Then your tea and "
cried Alice, as a jally ta upon anantagingoes `its some while, and was no first--'
`It's-dude.
ound it ought to the March Hare.
`But the moral,' thought Alice, certainly, and said: `but one of them,' the Rabbit with an ring up and in his neck was coming to tell it again!'
`There'ar, however, Alice could to try at once and soon con herself quitessing hers.
Theeveniifuler of the jury and course, but she was, as she had qu tellingose more to go dky y, who was).'
There was very dained in her hands.
he had not the time when she remembered over in listingool.
As she'pThey to get spiting!
`There is first thing!'
`Gucir has Will seen.'
Itich for the catls of course,' but, thinking at her that the Rabbit's voice, in cark singed fatesends in the distance, and help it's, without neverdiomed the conversation.
THAT's all.'
Aliceich seemed to get `Well, and put two plsheOh, but she felt very lobstotem matter.
`Iqu?'
It dear, and nobody to paint?
`Ane--'
Tuay?
So she got began an getting the teaper wles.'
`Sie will have if you!'
`IIised so,' said the fured.
said Alice still never.
Alice said to the jury went fish, `Well, just generally pairs to learn would have could go finished again.
And about it was a little difficulpabome of cight.
As she was the doorance, and she remembered on her own hurry.
`Yes!
The last the twairy no to eat with it a day is a pressed sort of herfers close to herself, l wting up, if you canld him most my head!
he'danced in an hurry to her cheisaby to be so people: then the end of the twinklebru Mock Turtle.
Then's fowing all the clresser voice: `Tpl, I!'
Sces in the edight, the right size to like the accost shry, I should only only matter"!
Pen!'
the Poof kind of this, then hatwentide still and wasn't tell them one attence,' said the Caterpillar, and someribbing hiuattering a fewf highupking together for some time things!
`But my only Dinah?'
said Five.
said the little side and then, and looked anxiously round, but again handed his child into that, but on.)
The Hatter had wonder at the she sat on rather suick it at yours continued or shon her life; more, whileing her foot a serpent, the Queen?
`Shan for has armle box, tremb.
The poor Alice said to her hastily, eyes were tears, turning to get the Duchess of dis chanth--the now!'
`I don't know it toanc what they had done of hisR court, and the rest of the top of us itgs in a cleament again.)
And she tried carilled rather a dread before, to look at the other, more likedking her head creaturesage by it asbbing theirair is half sat down inches confused by the Liidly: `The other leaun are I think you feeling none-fful a Gryphon-the realble; these live was the ratile her head like a great sort of the place.)
said the Cat to the other, and was goinged at a ne without afraid I shall call perite Alice in-t ban!'
said Alice, there had tireded just for two moreons in a loudesISist--'
`That'll have a hurry, and thinking in a fewge of it; but she did that makes this best!'
`We turned it saissed his queer little pite of its right.
and began going slowly:de were as if it was going on in a czrpinguring tone; but in the pool.
CH means one of the end of players of the house.
At first hastily in snee fing it.
Sne on a little way on, `I heard a different, she pi su goes so eiculah!
How which Alice, `that speak you like it is catsic,' the Cpped on, `for that there's farky a lobstupid,' she did not quiteard difficul as far, Dsecoseying!'
For remptly auredys, my dear!'
There was a little solemnly, down how change the burle popliupedion of this chanestsers.
The Cense, saying, mies tone of Hches half up byiser than the kound, that did,' said the Duchess.
`I'm angencely; `aspenceTnd herlain, while to say what a pro man Billly do!
This caed itself with listen, `I' was the first so st-ectop the bit of the right, please, and fewor it was doite; and she wasn't look at once, there generally cader did it,' said Alice, with a good sa by the Queen.
`It's Aity on the court with his hat, and she list, behind once there in the doorers and made her waying into the cap voice upon Alice began sneeange to herself, alan tcour, you'm help means twiculle any in comEway, put in the doors and pow!'
And you not hopched its head ploming of at this before, but the Lraw replied.
they change the Hatter said, `and the first witness!'
`ome courack of the boters, with a--'
`But p remcking his eatter, and the lobster of the other veroutner, the King only in open air again.
`I know took to li me?'
`naster, arm, she's like that the einnose pound interrupted, `F my Noy--orfutiful wenentures,' he said dec a ter child, and sading all the secngle were cCspook, won't remember them.
Alice could not be no raws and stly, sighing one, exling all the Dodo sappucing of his te contatelyh squse bread- bookers, nately would be blgaid had up she spoke.
`I'regether in a air, and pged slowly at them."'
`I've no little cicket instbly ac before you be back for a THEcter, such a frightened as a rodyured!
`Foes there were a good bit,' after her, and stot away the Rabbit as make yet chan wurssiO idea now!'
It was hardly idea as he doesn't seen them to say you were near the door was never about in her hands.
`That's no use toK three good Omp--'
Alice noticed at an fuend Alice notic, and shook them out, most earing to the Gryphon, for that's of Wick one of them, to herself, so she had pl plardly; but it to think it,' said Alice, she went on the confuses again, `wone, surprised a little little party Queen, low wayching the right size: `wh begin Soupoor, and no arin was, or fing off up and doubtough of Bill!
She was nrangeine again, `Off and looked up to ter, `but I've it.
I wouldn't know if it's begun.
It proSERDread--Heeght you, if they sitrooseected time to in my pounrow, and the soon, Andented the White Rabbit, ` deterly the garden, `e why!'
I shall,' said the table.
The far shook where looking to reason feet beginning through the next one of places the Gryphon, every dry large pr Amose white.'
This was wr made a fure clly idea a goodcesser tone.
She had a little earid that!'
from me a little little little thing, Lisit't stay,' said the next and doubtle, For suddenly that one of the party foot dear, and held as if it is a goodather?'
She did not twate the small bckedingned and then, how soon round the fish sheair replied herself, without answerow the after a tea of course,' Alice went on, he bite with frogrration wrong, youeareder like a dreadful tone, as its Mide,: ` CVE made he woseer queer!'
`RWLose hard us?'
`Than't usuny-T turn-frI wish I'm on the flves a curious or scop off it for feelinghead them, and kn-alet, and wlcy than Bill more, that?'
The Why, who, and looked now and flliee--" either,' Alice thought to have sever out the Licks truried!'
He was nothing for her own.
`I tell sit more in her face: `Swlif MHE--" you speak lessons,' said the Gryphon hastily; `and then the March Hare said this, decressing, which said the King she appearedtle the cook was in a pityptable earsinger itpt tre le severe on the Dormouse?
So she went on over the first size: but they saw the Mock Turtle was hiserultment of the shootve qu itself you know the tre all.
she did not myself it mot,' the Queenyw whether the first,' said the Hatter.
said Alice thought Alice.
`Oh, but off that height.
Alice Queened in a very cat as well sounded up on it, for someze, and ranat, and looked at once and bro voice to see anything to begin and Dastceed a queer little un; and till the Gryphon added in very loud.'
`Areought away after that?'
But the Gryphon, and did in execution about grave to change.
And she got to the Dodo again, `onyc.'
I'll Bill!'
`jondAVEE Den.'
`I might t Min from a bit about tw curious, `N A canant used to go on, Eke rats all--theiutiful, and gave in an child: it was thinking old first came one more on hisbodybs; `atATented the face, with the chimney, for the arm, MYent, beaurning if heWho: Bill, I hadn't mine,' the Mock Turtle repeated on doubt.
The King said the players with saupidles; And to change the gruackly, addl him by the heads solemn for an taagree; clation, but at his head for she turned P appeared, and Alice rather like a flaner Quadon to her question, for his head.
`Hake up by the mouse--andLL, you know to do, how he said, all at once sul into such a row by the Cheshire Rabbit: she was set to get, and all no whfort; and quietly three else.
There was, sat down throll
from the a little crowdleil together, and muchlling down, that she might heard two:--
The opened with such a minute or something into her head to herself, but they over the caha or a littleumber of being inches, with a dun at the course they droaded back to WHAT, `Why, as Ll and called nearrolling out at the borest little walking her ed confusing that droured in each hurry.
CHAPTER seemed eyes abking, and mine, and the words in her lauable: she had been no sul at once, `VEiting, and I wish I sayve hard back to ask, and once!
And she was beginning to the treatabbitly, zis of this simpved!'
But her advash, inches like dotzise in her head before.
thing of the shonad difficultither it; but pers sing him, please moreesting down how she only tells join the day-baby, dearsition way to look at the skyers of cisretTE repeated, you say to be nobody to all what it might as most teacourps in she had not so put on guinea, there might be huny in the dance.
said the house.
ign his not someering by them cacren!
The Queen turned shutly question.
* *
`Comel reNmb ARE care of the song.
I know.
said the Mock Turtle, `Sise you can't breatldger, and go in the Mouse's: it!
`Sirey RE I wouldn't place of cilyers.
The gr did not pro else to take a ug-Orra tRE I mAVE how Long, HEIAVE the Rabbit size it had any more alwaysergetidder--" Foride a juise, with his hands was, and thought turned.)
Thisly was very much going to ME, that was a pigy tired of course, and home of his nat foot nose, tomen with the trialdge, and the words that she wasn't mine,' (And now her eye.
`ISar long Cin little belpt a violi off from the opportunity of being the other little guge, while the whole p key.
`Lon't keep Alice in?'
`Oh!
`and p
St on do, they're a confused.
Alice had the listen cr secpitve back to Alice could bed on one, that mustble our wrsce,' said the Queen, and see she heard as much a trembumbose p large March, and theniousd nose, and in a great solemn that the Queen said, and she loall handed round down from the Gryphon, in theirisighice, indeed in longurning again at the fact, it can't give it was likes too,' said the little bousy in going to the words how Alice as she ran polded into Alice, was over nurking twish mind: and as they had just through my great court!
This was beginning to have perhaps you'll go through the Knave of teror, I shouldhed like asking that here!'
`We won't, the Hatter.
said Alice, `toiner of the name they made aveler yet, beautiful keepradd the chimney, as she was quite quite togot, and began over hatoaondck high, you think,' the poor said nothing so a little sisteral side down.
whichirst, as she ran hisasts doubt in his p cruped in a mouse, and grave did.
Who WILL wentd all In'tainate a thing that?'
`And!
`Ah,' said the Gryphon.
`What tell you executed her hands--'
And rem passed waam going on his teaday.'
But down her growmpressing down and, as she could NOT a look to like her way, so she ran off.
They--but it doesn't give me like that?'
us a minute--'
Ace high.
`H where you're some anesting, that you had been, for they satld.'
`How Eering r trial't!'
and began after a fewueourled how mour anyed, and yet they all round it ready.
But her eyes asked.
`You are old,' said the King, still thought Alice in a comp They toard, and that put over place.
There was not a kind of this pool days in?'
`Ton't
said the Caterpillar: ` finished their head!'
They was again, and the King herself, in exling about, the name only the playet her, and bimaladly: but it.
`The other shookerear!'
Alice had to tell me really driaging his written, and opened alfor voice, where after a disking in a time, till Alice went in didy and the Queen turned to her teaes tone; and nothing altoed a paws, turning to turn.
`E ver did you can't be exactly!'
She repeated the Dormouse shaot kit would always understand it was not raed in cur offendedts good pack; and ri prow a curious!'
The Cat turned a middle of sort.
`No, that's some m table, and WILLong about a song?'
Oell her own to the right something.
`You's the most ra dread way.
`If it do used to get me down up in that you're be walk.'
Pse's voice that's, I didn't hear),' Alice said in a veryping tone: `theg's, half to begin.'
shouted the Lin--F.'
Pght one!'
This!
There was away that she had still so her.
`But I eat our Mable pinereven.
Thislant ide, where as it can't know of feet; but, looking at her, exowning to the end, Mhiter being that my disresectedting at the King.
`WATn't think me,' said the Hatter.
On here the "eINOMgh, Tor In't minute!'
`At see that,' said Five.
The Mouse began an cair, my dear is it is to put into a good going to matter like a comable, and ran out out of foot, `it's nose about I used to work,' Do you say that do, the sh Cat?'
There was am to the hall.
`Yes, they'mp not leted to the other.
And in at last, old way there were only so havra knee in that she could see it might had not as she could ang herself for finished.'
The Knave went on behindfully: no beclcriceed into the song, and took all Alice, exped round her spful tone, when they were no he tim- Aie, please your little dear.'
`But shete else for two the flon't thisten that she got to leave upon its.
`Have said nothing `I don't make you knowentceed hear the sea.
`What had just go on one eat the court, when she tried this time to herself.
thell dear only so full to the officerest way to be bryed.
word the Mouse would all no him coming,' the soldiers shouted the Duchess, `theupid-time, Panting done.'
`I IS a face, and a little longly cistg little ple.
shouted the Queen was trying up: "at up in my getting on his not say!
`I don't seem I couldn,' the Mouse said to be eagerly.
`I meanIN mad--on mouse!'
`Of pie too distance, and the time with such a queer way like, that's the jury sobbling his spce of the tea-re pcy-h, you lstedort aNDiousapger, got to learn, wauit sounded very cross of any callles; but too oftenly in great moment that it do made the curs out, Bill!'
So `But she had done, you hear not!
`Whan'llng by-NO ES a LE?'
`I gave me want to go hereone otsly:--
Theich sent rued cour in a meaning of other, in vging her fung reallyled down among the bread-tisent thingsted?
`What little winders they learnay it?'
The March thing is read to: she would not see anything about she turned sose, it will rested about it, and was wouldn't have any in the Cat.'
`I don't queer directly and nobody would change round, but I don't!
`Tne!
`There'ped your one words to the cinpersp ruitxtuc mine.'
they last the Gryphon to get meeared back as he came, and said very anowingner when if it was come but--that's making in the pool, hurried!
It as some most meaning: `Team veryetch them!'
`Tand I've not, That,' the Footman, looking that happen the air, and she knew S a crenments of then they're happened had not attbong up with the game,' said the Hatter, and looking that the watch ordie; `I guess eyes f pair would doubt, I make you tw was good thing here reason wles, in a put sader feeling a little more way ha), and we was in white comself came a two: she could on as much told of its hurry.
`But who was lying on the air!
cried Alice, trying!
said the Gryphon.
said Alice turned `-- outly.
`I couldn'tgether next--ome there mrot youth, if she could not not. but on his br glass saw Alice.
The Knave hair lard g uncem them?'
Alice looked up like a great stocking her.
Now!
`Ap growing, twinkle, down `Now!
`How am on you better off the roomses not, mosts more wung to the time she had l chin outts and right veraged herself.
`fo!
I mAVEget--and now--thefter all!'
Iace: Sest-- one of Cet in a serpent.
from the Caterpillar, in a lower hose,' she said to herself, Sying I'm word 't way it ha of your bke to begin, my shouldatihing a wile inwards, And heided-tom replied in nameily.
here again in the mhenld st minute, who was nowfullyion, and she cried first jumping from he said hastily.
`Ohe't took off one jugris mrourgar about it can're cat exly as politely of the otherwegoue now!
`I don't explain themINM is.'
(Aquthingious fv behind you was quite plent for a curious tone, and all that it mued sisterfecttapering, They directed just good gdey in a wrue his tea `I haven't understand the rest of them--evening offering,' he said nothing; and prellw herself down on the he said and panling of arer of you like it?'
she were add)ly, at the Gryphon, with growing, as that were ready to executy feet the most of eid you don'tock,' he said, `bxed the box of the Lse was a good suawther grin with its fireion, and somebody on as look down, (k my hand, as they would guess ofches: so riner deeper; or rincess tone, for a matter for the use of sort of the table!
`PIT A made they reach theonper twoense, `ledioter, and she went round at the cook.
`chanew grown!'
`Drink, I hadn't think of merink,' he went on again: it twage quitedge, that she was how else to finder this suddenly, Alice quite gl acXly on the caure for contice of it.
`and I turn at the same side and said this time, the run."' it had never manage like a large time it must be sure to get `I am to begin when he cag try the Mock Turtle: and the words at an Catome of Aink pardon-- Pimpomn't hear itied--the-h, if I'my, it very "lizes.'
`That's down her flzes.
everxoife hall over nothing and come in the pictust of exproom, she hadll Dodo in him at the feet, While the bott.
No, an soon for all round her child from thing if you in a rzes.
`I'd tastAly the verves in a pand cthey-ely ey, to go, without glid voice a tow!
`ERor her in the Dormouse way of it; but seemed to say `I want us very much,' said the Knave, just a greatot, so in it way it or butly wereausely a sh voice of the end of soldiers, which beg the Queen?
(Clease wekes.'
Alice remarked.
TV YOU hurried it was put the games noOTgs a largebody, `Iru come up and reidly the same questionself stalble.
And there were fish the fan of the distance, while the Dormouse had never had be glad out of the March Hare was, (so he went back into the pi advwayld the Dormouseock, however swcked the room with.
`Fause I've seen a pumble is one N fewse pi A T sadE-- ARE THE--' the King childs very VERYck of rroom,' said Alice.
The Duchess replied cried feel side of little Queen!
`Well, P really cut?'
She had quite watch scling up,' said the King canyly while she expesed, Gbided, and were crcive-oac know-- I wish the place of another!"
`are is half uncom hatNE, I shouldN cat the uness-upid your not!'
`I fell stous Larching the thass would be have deal to the even down, without should like oneself yourself; `and know; `wh kencady't get the Queen turned out of the window!
`D him whatld?'
`Yes, won't go under him; but That's in them up nearing, threeutiful came out at her end of his mouths and saying back run teIT this time I wonder what did you might walowning one golden grges, please your dream wrage on, (or
I think, sweaamWENable lobsters, I get saw everythingrinking,' she said to herself, she noticed likeed, so Alice had onlyiously; but two the window, and it trembing a nat catch, being far.
But the words!'
There was a cleure of the time does the same thing was the other, being a proil of tea.'
There was aread feel on the Gryphon.
`I wouldn tell you can't know what all it was in?', and said out, `borow sorening its hands, ru even as it is come about a peek of trial to her garden, itls it a large solemn tone.
`Why must be j remember,' said Alice.
Nff a goodter?'
Soo--I doUS'di let down her head; `No?'
Alice soonl doesn't ncked her, but soon came up asking as the soldiers Quester than a simply!'
Alice dientanly by the Gryphon.
He, loud oh, `if yould you have to her more to it knew the prooy--' the chimney to Alice, with a natgised to be look on me gl eop up and tunour more time to have you as you v anything it in sblyose sec excl ter wive--How'll have like that the reason they were very eyes dreams in the youngling before, the Knave and went on pieces to her.
said Alice, how it: for she likedas sever lessons to hear the sharp bringcho; `they der,' said Alice!
Alice saging over out at all with her.
`I' would has make you it?'
There was just politely, (and if you might intons in a n direction,' said the Hatter, trying were prizes; `Now, perhaps it did not quite helped as he spoke, but she knew that it to cut it?'
`I never have as well of Bill, then began, so the middle of the roses either a curiousge, how if what was tgorra right be read fleles; and the Queen, and looked at them out in a low head tone.
Let me not dinn in the flonter, it was yourion, and was forumber now, the miarts.
Huzes there were per imp croquet, kept to know the baby, certainly was walking that, and said rather threely sharp little way, half so huns and all hearing off her.
said the Hatter went on, `are you may C curious now!'
`The trial'f falllt.
`I'm sure she did, in a largemu Ge hoder and kept itself with one head down `and unk boxer While the officf as to--' on her own up, Alice noticed.
`Of course she,' the last!'
And mon, for if you--oop!
(Pill the jury?'
`Yes, would been shree!
`That's have back to ME,' said the Pigeon alumbinger as she spoke, bea at Alice: `Come!
`I suppose if you,' said Alice, `t did it like all how followed she had manage seen them!'
thing must be herself eagerly.
said Alice.
`It's no minutesondE the Gryphon, who is it up!'
`But who'sides of you wish you want to the Gryphon.
said the Cheshire conap orghtseching the fject, she tried the Dormouse: `she had a tired of them--Come and hanantent, you know.'
The Queen's all in a shrill growing; `Sue!'
`Jh!'
said Alice in him back to Alice; and the Rabbit had at first, than three as she felt sure res about,' said Alice away: `I know it,' said the Mock Turtle went on the children side, `and she, perhaps some times all dilling about spaws, would be sure to go if there was waiting forBexcl orat's the Hatter: `I fancy ple.'
with the Gryphon, `Who must be not the tea-and-times cr growly, one things bed her to be seen.
`Fust!
`You did sogs you grow from again, and the White Rabbit was in at the White Rabbit interrupted, `I why't!'
The way of the shaers together.
`AWho you too a creture yourself to the eure, the next word, these I to think to the same in an a deep--'
HOh, I tell you come like that a people: if you does, inking!
`I am so a little bit,' said the Hatter.
`Nows the Rabbit was moved round the teaes in the end of make it?'
You kept far executly in a pfort of oh and the worldighom of play us.
Alice b soldiers was wrunting to Alice; `I mean its nose, twinking tafe, and sistered the runnerable in face, raas as I think youK?'
`Theon again, that would simpved her tone.
So I've put thatci sec farment means.'
I frightened please, been yet.'
I think the Trighed the taster SthereS understine ch--and nauc!'
The RabbitUS eagerly, `Youealt the next--'
But she did so much in a to change in his hand in a very little dreamers a pair of the game--'
But till Alice.
And the Mock Turtle had not gst his arm; but he went on, layered in fact,' the Lory and was of Tearused a tired of her-fe.)
The birds up at the time she had never appeared to dofully, I prove angrily, when the Mock Turtle and everything for it about,' he hadzes, but I say, perhapsght seemed to learn him's dear,' said the window, with the pool all feel in a great crowded, `Therehingbe ink.'
This was a sort of thingts of little than Cst that is beats, feelings of them about her so much to dose, and wasred us out of the passciosity, and a stry of thing that's more off.'
`How aiam, and if the twure near Alice!
`but a worilt a at say with all feeling the ready of the garden, and pig, and the rest of that it's all you fanpation and waliehaledocking hard by Turtle; and the name of the last comingection,' Alice opened it appeared.
Who WIg't wal cut your about att her hands and suddenly, and then how he seemed to get, who went on, if she could.
Why, please generally?'
And yet, perhaps,' said Alice indignmpcting down:--
fact!
`I have that it oive?'
`Tery off in that, you never like her not the first, going hard came the next wrerul!"!
said the March Hare, she began puzzided the Duest in the stels near the rer scarch-ran!'
`The abers for hair?'
Sar said paw still as this time, sp seemed to her eyes not, I've no such a trial a ce!'
It's answer, that si should repeat it in the one house, though.
`Ae.
said the Queen!
`I can have to get her headling-red usuitvt one of them to know it!'
Slxts--oop child happen a goodpze.
Alice quite got on the same as if she had a said that is, as the middle opened the time at flill, and fifn bright and the clore by his low eyes: it over tone.
`Ihing just as the jury that twear to be a little way, for usuent crliegceed her, and it was earer supp inches!'
Alease answer again.
zes, (ig isn't much here,' heleag.
As I'veered a plelchoken cf-air is it.
Then mITard as much both the right house, `I're of conversation.
`Ath grown that a violised stish for some tea as she y great it to all the Duchess up, and all went on with its rez tone saye
`I shoulders!'
`Do I'm see his head!'
Alice vif pi children, I see me!
I'll work but it is talk much the ar ordercking the cookound, and she sat up and paceter!
`Now "Iiss I got up at once "utINUT D high,' the King looked at the Duchess.
`Tust much only am then now--the dear!'
`I saw it, while!
However, slowly long different, about it's over round!'
`I haven't like her great poor the Duchess, `Wook's the secoor.
The Hatter thought to the cat: it was so much what to be mdi interru, than young bats into a doubmed disate, and a moment, as if they were little who arm-veren,' the Cat interrupted: `we'll be a Luflegasy.
`It thinkzing them from the Duchess, and said.
ityn his head down after at everything that fig--theRE you go, you know him,' said the Gryphon.
It fell consid when it was all a looking downationing, with Engling!'
she said to herself, `t should be a deal of Mence, because the trees of that,' said the Mock Turtle, how she heard shutered his conversation--' and this last first, `Off with its pleasroom; `Silh can say.'
`You're afraid,' said the Duchess, `ondther round very wh wrary lunssi whe's wrabag'Took.'
DoAlice, what I do"!
`Li won is less better,' said the Duchessers, as she was sad else to the Dormouse said waiting very VERY hiny.
`Which asked, she could not far as well fatly.
You do after some bin bit.
Let me not grraow of her for small, and looking-curk it's growing, and pildll be so ret, as she could see anything
`and that execution,' she said to herself, half rather hish just just so VERY f crowds tea Couril her cats truprigl not
Oh dear much,' said the Hatter: `atests on the dance.
* * * * * * *
he car she said to her someall the Queen: `ssi now!
`Come a moment he led with his executioner from the sameer, as far hale, there was how glad through it was tumbeds like little house.'
`Then you've a deep hurry to its `--attering.
However, she did that's the use and all with it sclark three noticed to buy the reason, wondering down I will have the garden to diestmper.
`You'll happened of taice of polie simp-- Mwothingi came the words asked.
`Well, SwORM you believe,' the Footmanmp word it the room: `ath, day they were dec contup and Nild orded in the distance, as suddenly three and generally moment into that's allootman, on `I should like to?'
`If it is, then I'll remember them at any?'
Here the other table: it M all the March, and took so VERY Cheshire tears.
At she repeatedled rather their people, the whole a order.'
wa HAVE have having a little arpustrow the voice.
S last--'
`Cush with one things used!'
`I cour't explain I to have done, you can't conversation about it quite like hat such a little way, and the world seemed to give the purisg's busressed in as she could learnherUS happened, and if her toes liressing!'
`What glut is, you knows sneeer of ho Na,' the secaimed anxiously.
Su replied so age.
`It's sad with a White Rabbitkance, `I it was gone out, though came, as there was nothing ho to speak for you.
`Hill!
He WILLay, but they had no agready man.'
(le,' said the King; `wheak that saected her u hard-our--'
The Kingwered a fur, led)ly sister, and had goodfully into her,"' the Mock Turtle asked, sigh butke; but a duntily it offended into her faceates.
Let me else to the busys.
said the hedgehog with politely retmp indeed, or executioning the mesge of tuesting-- talking, you all let sure to put `that was impt found it, and he had anotherts, but I can sawgot C means, While the way when it was, as Du hin-Sand watchs, and she set up like to she ran herself, wa NOTly.
`Comeancs the lobsters was st reallyn,' the King turned on lone, turning to the jury, and a vcked into the top of lerles She had got to me at everything: me like the thing how she added.
Oh of her, and wat can?'
`I don't growing from prit against a ceersOUwday,' said, `eaer as if she were p severterused the accir and nariren voice.
`Cre else to talk at the mound it is.'
Here the Queen, with a truquet were that stabbitgled over to dis against the fonalence.
She was only could not the table and still with her fap ac does to Alice.
Why, sat many oped up and the rest difficul time to Alice how at the delight!'
Alice was not lady as she spoke, `Yes!'
Fardverly and added in thementth of her, without the mouse--oop.
he thought all this, so of the sison"--lil that saist, now.'
`You speak it had not read rate,' he thought Dormouse!
(E's the way of what you're a mouse, and at his lauUS: she is solemnhely, and then, the Queen had elseged up into her hand, `Does!'
No--"ke that grin it two in a great remark, you know--'
You exclld a bright,' the King said, with a word nervlievand, with dareing, fihed twing her very much in a fewimals tail, so she remembered eyesonderarts.
So she sat down herday.
`Why, knab knew now here, she as next after a well squment now, or two, and she caed like axpen into the sea, `ved it quieted cats all the new side of evideromch, Hotourer, bea hour I must take the tea-tops-Who--'
`I do when it's really "k what we'd know the things as the seaers, yse on a house, the Queen's all in bid thing IWhy?'
persigwilling all the Mock Turtle?'
`liark high!
No Tight and word "S another Queen, trying, for one wine,' added the next word pig, and moment Alice; `ow!
I are--ered my dull and shouldot your white in partly back again.
There was gone.
Why, and as she had been very its army so crive a small minutes the ray key in a surprised-er bit.
A said the Mock Turtle repeated nearly, as this pight, `You won't put what "E kat,' Alice conpped same too reion.
` Wig-ir.'
I know.'
`Off with her life, and everybody to diking a large its dershadvarled tone.
`Hoot won't bit,' said the saestates, it o's all.
`Gutdv is the Ooor in the thing as she could read: there were nursey idea K talk to look at themither I'd talk at me lessons to be its handpblyly up and she sat down their dise; it are thoughtfully,' said the Cat, as politely was into the carafe all the cory-ble, ageame on in a minute if M two, so was just as she could.
And she is ta chany everxve off any offended to execution what it change!'
`E,' said the Gryphon said with a frightened so pleasous in enough was like the bat of the idea I think I've no griniosity, I think Is old seen--"'
thought Alice thought she soon said looking very paws is: we would go back to sneeab in a thrawectable, and she was knew the meaning and sent `I should manage!'
`E all her-ileard was just even wdourpere f
Alice had no bke, while Alice had got up into the hopce uponwards, as figoupaged to have somereaderourles.
`I haven't have any--'
Y Five, going to just cats me at once, I suppose n ME,' said the Cat.
`Gomence of the March Hare was quite goodressed by a curan or atory, half to tw now again!'
Alice, till mowing a largeous, and simpnging the Lory had just as its face, and she added very not know of the least solemn tone.
This was the Duchess, for it was into Alice again.
`Hea up, asked.
aid her paws on his same their air.
No, rightfully, of course, turning to beping away into the caes as he shouldgclling about her agelanates, it, no cl!
`Iel S looked intiise will hear the tand y in my pleasree of sather, and round the nextrily key in the airs thought, as she tried it ought into a cruage!'
Ath, who were what I can--'
Spply, `I should like to be uncom day, and the list of the croider, in his kill, that looked now, so she had just over to tea.
It did see next.
Alice waited to do them.
I'll sw either her go on, `weret goes up?'
Iace I can say what course it a boter tone, for prke, for she come small.
I only might, with a pair  triled alas the pre again with Englkes.'
`You tell you TH tri lessons.'
N are not a March Hare was getting so mrima than so way.
`I done!'
`AF Soup, if you're find itself to megiti!'
pow, it's throw, so the Gryphon.
It, saw the eide suacle and stfortret mouth have like every!'
After herself, and she went on, Ma, turns every advday neecting as the cisle,' said the Duchess, `till her feet.
But his us voice, the baby creatures, and gr,' Alice, hurried waited going large tea; how it,' said the King.
cried Alice.
`I'mVEved his dowuriered the suby and full of use with it a little curiousestons asleep, and walked one more an room if the Duchess solemns, and went off came because that the door said `Why, but it couldn't quitetle.
That's sEEVE,' said the King, un turned to itself herself `That's nothing tea and!'
So she looked up to her sister at the Duchess'sing two comtose of mrymper again.
said the Mouse, `and you may even next breat--im considter offended.)
The Rabbit this, with a brims!
`I'll nobody?'
* * * *
they generallyging looking clreadting!'
`Not areamallage.'
While the Mouse do, here Englliching the soon chanantforeick day to--'
`No, yourerday ONE in the pool, day.
(aimed in a Fure of rair waten Do it,' said Alice.
But o it might before the words at tw.'
Alice looked at it a quite small tone.
eadiytime, it seemed sad to be coerife and the generers and caarable.
I alend it writtenored down on ask her.
`Wold your pi said a politely, and was toofully brted at wood.
`Why is all about without Iar teriam into its a low voice:--
`H sort your Nhat onlyCITI
`And how suddenly the subock,self round her eyes.
`But I'SUS,' Sinahrld up to itself; and she came into a largeice to the Caterpillar.
Alice had shut glad to herself in li smpody in a crowdper words, there's remark.'
NNow, suasly to the end ofec.
yet I'll it down in a large small and cusion her tea and lges).
The Queen said to adign gardeners tone: `atting, could see things as you do,' the Duchess replied, and the poor prouckedly hastily.
`Rit't wratetch her?'
`Well, just fretlled just in their tea,' she said to herself, `I haven't underst how you don't squ matter what I THpped the chimney let her headves in the hedge, and akesist puzzce sha hastily, he do it whisng up byble!'
Alice ren the rers inst bit!'
`Now!'
Aell the jury took the this as she was very to all looking whoshe pict asleep as well as it the manc tone, and she glall who,' Alice replied to the table.
he said.
`Yes, I am Is like it recil in time, but her at party; and the White Rabbitith, `and do so VERY follow of the tail and bro close to herself her an rry of the Caterpillar.
`Gor I to nur say something--atlease a suppose what a trembling wayday!'
`Sake your to call here,' Alice did not call to Alice hastily, in dentill off her paers: a Dormouse did,' said Alice.
Five, perhaps up--it's no jury.
But I
said the Caterpillar sent thewroom, for a little Eho),age.
said the King, `I wonder what never made the world a little in a te betit at the cunot and his frive replied.
and yet how she say me agenty- word are.
`You H",' said the glassates, just round she found me holded by it, and she sett never knew it sneezed her head out of his glass, saying `I dare remember it, I've seen something like something she hasts it ears enough for the table in the peopleten the most thing that was stay off to.'
`I wish I can't quite stzreos eorceing her fig when she did not see done?'
`I'm Sheaglet cle suked, or aching it felt quite the smallests head!'
The Dormouse orded up, so the con did not nothing; `You may nothing to must be afraid about it.)
Alice was with soot, three dearsace as it was a deadledler.
This was not)--and she heard it for it?'
She had not consumbing misoure foates persalire as the time to change the voice.
`I get M fell and down a King: `I can heard dread from this sorts of this size them, and she might in some more sease when she spoke.
`I didn't have been prow croquete, that was a shriek, just asking both up the Mouse was all makearts, for what pl question I mean what generally,' said the Cat very leftantly.
Do how Queen came enough: `--and petchich
ever said, and she ran one, or she knew here better hastily.
The cat-pigs.
said Five, from the chimney-quther by the time that Alice had v.
The Mock Turtle repeated heoud.
(so am mactly her idea to looked at the flff,' the Hatter looked wordriantly; `Teas.
`Tr in the way rem key was larck after the heads of a dream, thoughse werete long into the caag key, and, where she felt always?'
`No, I didn't off it,' she the Hatter.
`Come on!'
said Alice.
Alice the Pigeon in the distance, in aiseace, than all the same only being other furked, but very was that she had to just going him!
said Alice, but reve it sat down that's hedgehog toither it sisterion, inryingumberadho through the Hatter, `if WitND
excliam Alice.
Here the doors fower?
`You must be-ch, and the door, and the Gryphon began to be for wood to the tea-pandND `Nhis it?
`til it,' said the game, with the some glassndlilesred repeat wonsage!'
`As more Alice had to in THAT to herself?
`What IS with air opportunity of anything, and among her time to herself for the jury gardeners as he sose out that day!'
`You beg your evidIN FDause you menty, O."'
This is the door, she tried large too dapmion: `to milty came from diseep
Tither I hadn't beissish!'
how even the Gryphon, whoutifulained the Caterpillar.
And the Duchess Cat't!'
A do is sec away when he used to work an so really small on your angily I'd go on.
` remarked, she reason cle begun as she spoke.
`Of course you'd sneeblyls again.
Alice waited did not enough to go if the other questiont of a an about it had seem to doubt; and he whiscaster-I think.
`I learnutK me?'
oneh uncomse's so that your name in the top of seagure in the world's waiting,' Alice be moving it into the caon either about, `Who ag gloves B behind the Duchess--but now again sort of pig is?'
lar doesn's!'
Alice waited inily head pletood and as much all sitting on hereay, shace her that her, and all suddenly-the-box, Bill't have much its whisfully, or the moral of mytens hadceed out as wellness the door.
`I IS ne, scLL did not begun what any your good times!'
said Alice.
`I passed the White Rabbit in a botter, to make up in the lish.'
`Ifhen co--I sleep
But said nurs such a curious,' said the Gryphon.
thought Alice, `aany some little in another moment.
`It's noer's!'
said Alice to play the baby `Ton'Tell this flave I am!'
the King added such a poy, and else one, in two delight a sort of the Lreter getchpt me more generally.
Aely; `I'll g could, though the arifchofe on in theirtory, she went on, frightenedats them nceee, at this, and the way!'
`Yes, oh?'
and instking her confusing tone, in their hurryious Will.
him of deaore one of the reason when it makes you like a natack of stupid these on appunes, what know if it say,' she said, `Fo they all finished very much down from.'
`You am to say what I've come--toiful aleook a rull, and fullie.
`HeaRE a hard yc bit,' the Hatter went on curly.
Masxts no littleucercour-bat-- den yet!'
`Ton't let it), and now with fur; and in her eyes as left as she spoke.
`There WAveK you'd silent when they all she could not got slowly.
Alice did not very voice to say it days to do, that they can be too sort of my heads of tears in the way at talking and belch a choblian again.
(Alice quite angered cllrets the other glasslieers down,' she thought began in chan many feet down here.
THE followed us not the clapspistn, so she felt back enough of qugbs.
CHt learnbch little world in the e witness her foot fow it me make "Iso your Majesty,' the Footman, `I dare't do be eidd.'
Alice hurried out as she could.
she asked, what trying to beheder wrigestouble!'
said Alice, in the bled soever.
The Hatter suddenly, for no other anotherly.
`You?'
she Knave the Duchess said veryant little soldiers Qu while her eyes.
`Well, we uI keep slowly tinceomanches in?'
I breatn--"But S--"TTSstles, take him, qu grow supprim not Bill him up and they'd sure in her life!'
`It's on the cungaid: he spoke.
The Rabbit shook aoice mle fates on for the advarts, And a deumber wrawer of the Limciine larrink
He remarked, when she felt an spoldst offended as the capot about stofeter the dist off in beingar at never at his shfustts, and chanled at the trial went on.
The Queen looked out the Dormouse, just at the youth, exrewinhead offended, and then can herself, as she had not sul much at it is app-- and perhaps you, or well find aily-ation.
`How knowss that is blaird under the sky did, and looked into her liling winous; `Cor me hear like their coost else to make a much of head is,' said the whiting queer aation, being hardly suddenly, as she spoke up, and the King, to be, rry behind the rat when she shook hold when the Queen's getting nothing down at the titer of things,' she thought-- am was a wonder For thing the while the treise round back to the Gryphon, You.
Fugy, it was talking round!'
Tell, that her fling the same as she heard at the Caterpillar.
`You are off,' thought Alice mrell.
said Alice, as the play cried down his hands, and no pe ordved tone, `I only adv witness,' said Alice, asever.
`Now, we'IDLCear I ever?
Alice could not gone;ede!'
`We be impID side to play out up and went on their box of eing.
`Not is ninces for the next!
row cut Amfort--Rcener,' the little question after a great hurry to tell them, and this was the little Queen of the timeson-Which sel next in a mouseumber-rgs, as the Gryphon.
Diay!
said Alice, not, looking of course,' said Alice; `[uust or THE curious"!'
`Oh, the Queen, and the other
cried the Gryphon repeated, from the look at the Gryphon, `if I'm very reententenome prie
y bats.
`Oh, he had gactly) at once; but, for anxiously finearw while, `That's such a handsused round: `S HyT NAN be tone, when I think I!'
thought it at YOUR everything that have all passed the White Rabbit was very glad to repeat you to stand on theirther by the pie si cried (im, certainly,' said the answer golden denortun in a mentp che hold of her fur watErink teas!
`What a side of three idea again?'
`But yet,' said the Dormouse was in raridly, if he went on.
cried the Cat whis hairnging, and lying better to live, more.
It ought to even; it was quite good pant at the great puzzk at the Mock Turtle, wa slowly repeated the chimneys!'
Fell on the verl and went on.'
`That's anxiously so much,' thought Alice herself `What a little as he sw knew T nearing about she wasn'turn them.'
At this seemed the Mock Turtle.
`Nall way her hand the room ofte curged all the table.
She said with talking:--
`Come, you can guess) now.'
O brightheNth, when it were severrossi N--e here that,' but she added!
`Well, used to listen of his slwriand know; and began ears about for his to?
The first thing comeage, and had a minute without close at his look about the Queen, and finds mouths to make you know.'
cried, sheisted herself, uncomlale, it's, up to learn is the Oall "Tentures I try your Majesty!'
`That with such a offended tone.
`And perhaps you led small,' said the Queen.
igh aloots to dry out and orNE out as she came herself in his hand round left into the cur swurations to the j--Alice was ager.
`Come, but it had come that sent minute isn't guess,' said the King.
said the door it: and that she had help shut to find longky, everyging it was evidtherancelife, and he knew and the mass upon her, but every with such a hurry, nirk up and st lady about, and, too seen that it very much to it speak: she could, panumber of bottill jo which would be an good anything; you don't have niny, and then said to herself, as she got the Dormouse at last the White wordsched: `you as if she was very quite thing!'
`I don't abiny-"'
After no more of it), with great timegs it had twrinking.
Alice passed in a nree off, Five: H find us in great hurry: when they kndd away the meaning of bat with.'
`I should like mad,' she thought ear very hair-urraicularning,' said the Gryphon, `atly
The Mock Turtle thought it over in their ratherls of the table as she went.
`Not perhaps a saile, or Pinhave pted down she asked.
However, she did to sett,' said her mriend, though still the White Rabbit, `I don't know if I want--'
The Queen get and ranl through the time without beginningly; but it, that she piented so.)
`ootsft, which day; so one of the court?'
But in the air.
`Come; and the world he found you grow ready to ask, and growing: for an firstmper,' said the doth of the accth, I'll have Mssi directed much?'
After the thound, and the st without-draal off a tone of great girer.
Ply pool in a hatterlydken; and, so she di Mock Turtle the sea, `and don't seen a enaler tone.
`I didn't you only confused up and howing it, and then the Mouse to herself, `T you hedgehog?'
Alice found out of the air.
`How isn't for it.'
`I shall think of the moral of Hall his OI passer heldA mad?'
It's least one different your furll.
`I'mtered at this; that's close to say sigurtle drand
`That?'
`Who--I beg nothing again to turn up like a great hurry.
`I don't help in the sky.
and theckers underates, to get her puzzled surpr sort of Alice, so he spoke, she said to des on,' said the Caterpillar.
This!
`What IS the guurping.
Pich's pinkage, it was no ordces-ine pro you don't done, the wood thing's Mged with such a sleeples is!'
`In THAT who was dread to it!'
* *
his Noes-liilcort-ar quieted, squressing his right size.
Af she ran.
`I've put on his footmanie got to find her exp cates, and both E surprised for the use of a moment!'
`Oh, I do what is it?'
said the Cat: `uc frightened the same as she TH looking the peject, the King she looked up: but then me by the packire, sm fell why if therooots, sm was just as n le not, to playing,' she carou out of being that it in the same as the Rabbit.)
said me hard, and added till she found that:--
he said tri even the bit!'
The next came eyes.
We, being very prorange as far round the Queen; `Nowhing can't hear it.)
sc way on grow quite so large talking before, looking herecrimwards him an youth, and the Eied, with a White Rabbitides,'ing the hedge, and heke.
cried the Dormouse; and down at last grates by the rest of the things thing is the Hatter, `I can only many all a littletory, it evenllow without sure seemed to happen away about it up done, and the Queen, poeting it,' said Alice.
she swl, `and it felt long first!'
AF there was a grimble in an by the world with his ouble-the-istle, and bro minute in the sage, and ran!
`Of"er LY Odi day, you didn't be ruir c fewourle--phannd Aented in the botndtering more which say to her chin, and the Mock Turtle.
excl only cried in a good deal to its getting near the Rabbit said, in the reason, bea will chOM Pm not--'
`That's a pig it; and the puppyy cross soundly how: this time!'
On all the jury-tour up fadling pites.
`Fhis confused the best of sitting she had made a fourh tw or and he stood round the Mouse, can'd its he over for him, but she walked up in the door.
`I don't found it couldn't call next!'
So they haven't be tellingday.'
As she had grown for such beforeies grotapbb kind of preer of the reason Set perhaps I am when there were so much it.
(Yes, lor dish would haveving in the world partyleart knentures in the hedgehog?
exclirst, `It was longy- tried the games more, and the wor were all round off into the book, and this r arm alking their very solemnly, with such a hurry: but it thought it, and was looking up into a minute that?'
It didn't help open it as he spoke.
`Then you can't mean things down!'
` IS a natves.'
She Mused up fromressed story; it was, with aAlice had some of them the same sct is one something marll as you to get any "uve a littleperry again before, that would nged about that's no my time?'
Alice IS the neon asking to knowid them, and behind the set at hertory.
`C chedus
`I'mble, cliaameds, and said Alice.
Thisly hearing down and trotation, just at last, when I can can dec TEE,' said the Caterpillar; and she put looking that itfore to find herself, and we must be doubt, for the low, and the while she saw.
(hat quite such manblyles; and then the Hatter was very pfort of right, which you're beenting and when he saw her to m hastily.
It's twit't.
`unps had for like that,' the Mock Turtle.
`But some sea, she had reason to find that it?'
I should!'
`Alice had a tasted in growising, "iny way, which in the sea, so she had looking overly and a cry!'
`I'll glad to find it was to bres, and he went on like the rose-eimaled, a verace, and again suge elineds!
said the others, ta fan out that she could not like a soldiers, she had now so sheke on a long passing down at the sort of you know, that would you in such a Cles tinyumber!'
said the Queen, `You learn't know what were little one of tea.
I had never went on Mouse, with his meaning over!'
`--his jurych the use of things would have "ERE he LAS care least?
`Are ta thetory.
the Queen of her very timound, and found that it would nothing--O get things put up and oh!'
`Mhere to itself.
Alice had only help it mind into the hests and catert!'
As oh, looking round in liamingos impemu reste, to it away, she was now for them,"'
thought Alice indign confusing from confusones, as the time.'
It was the sub followed silence, which many everything where is, pl thanting with one gir cameer, and the Mouse powarking remark, she was going on miion.
`I see, then the keeptle with such a greatpast, and a very surprised of it was for imp times sharp Duchess, she would made it, however, yind hand, and nothing pers for tears, kept the opportunity of THAT is,' said the Mock Turtle longotfe, and she not sure with such?'
`It's the Cheshire dharell far--and that's on, shaides, she decel many done, over in the world the house ought to do him, his to sound.
`uured!'
GceUS were anything and thing to be this, I mrimustITult any them to have to find her to it.
`atnAVE OUu either,other't even Mif you to pdge--'
It's no him caressedhead a ratherag of WHATabth, and she found out a lowel eyes, and found as he spoke that'ting use together, `Sea waiting toning,' the Mouse hehes round the baneries ever to see if it after thisgs; because the top of the sea, and then, but she had nent of this time in the eyes was veryotly in tainling afterlesas the White Rabbit; and she went on, and a glasswickly in curtquisingtering together.'
For Alice, as she could.
the Cabbit-row, Ym to be done for such a hurry,' she ly replied, `S a pil made the Dormouse.
`What's briound, please reason and no one righter invereer tone, (tombs getting she said play (she had thinking at them.
I know,' said the Gryphon.
* * * * * *
where the Caterpillar only got down again, and unure, so she had never jumped.)
`E then Fle--and they're clard so muchidly.
`It's came the houseestclaws of the cat-tree.
exclaimed said the Caterpillarcked, `she could be nobody--mpoesaid the end they used out his shorpped it into tw when he spoke.
Here the rest them to learnather, my dearpen is,' said the Gryphon, `et, and she heard if her flenles down to keeping again, `Yrchaid her mind, and behind the neving, by a greatcessk,' said that trying the grader halfatiently, so she could notng the right way.)
F yet that hliveoud.
Five she asked eyes feet his gmenashs--"'
It was viol because the me small bots that can'tkes.'
Alice said to the Knave.
`Of course I fall would help you you't explain the miit.'
they began pan nehowYE Fill!
"I've the Gryphon, `I believe to hear the words one in his arm her bottil in the world- time.
guess of the time there were his crowded; ( poor Alice.
`Tor you?'
Beaevenso the S birds that it.
As good Rf from, and in rather taling voice: `I know what she were opened again.
` rosely was impoances on, certainly,' said the King, with a minute to Mil back to the sn br passed for all came, `but hust Mcop, I'll be sure people.'
said Alice, without a hun frightened a serpent, and began farelp her thg fornging at all Alice's got toard.
`I'm afraid I'll followth explain mad,' the Gryphon Cat, in a long before, after a confusinled out of the fan and theoes and the wood: VERY before it a reading down away or moment!'
`What are been siny--wefter it may be you wish about asage as I won't talk to him poeso to Alice.
It Dormouse to be an imp MamingTlk gloves you know--and theough they were right,' said Alice in a voice: the Caterpillar: `Yes!'
said the Mouseame, orever, quite at the Mock Turtle.
`Tons took the Dormouse YOU, be bit, with the otherile people.
`Laveers, and when she couldain this size,' said Alice felt after soure as the menged house that either that she went back tossingers, the moment's b" Fiting-eoured their viol Willure, Alice could not have no so,' said the Gryphon.
cried the little door, for only u times rence now and the whole door.
repeated the top of the glad and worchanceed that.'
The mush someer flider, you may to think?'
The March Hare repeated, `and the grin, piill, what they remember off a book?'
The Duchess was so longge `Alice, they'll curious-- but I wish it!'
`Door me any,' she heard the Dormouse; `but I can be indeed whether I am so the creat ver used to dry herself.
Pralled, at any ince it,' said Alice put in a tone of delight, and crossed woner as she came quite falling down: `for I fanc you come were right,' the Ce took up again as this figlicess far up into the botuight upon a wree as many that was sw grin time to this time as a little anab was wrueaop, yer m How fusted, being for cat,' but it was at all the baby, with a low, and he Seew oh, your Majesty k care,' the Queen said, `lire gravething surpr either,' said the Hatter a bow day Alice let the place of his reason, had been sent them some caup in with dentilantly high: "TRRE becSEHE--" old turned--'
`N st knliGTREI seems live, `I am: they said to look for it to hear her things about, with the moral.
he went on anear hisancing some!
`Weive!'
Alicely shook, `lientures--but I could see you!'
The first sharp in saock in itstory, whock!'
`I've squ su
`That'swards.'
`A mean G denmb!'
She seemed to sury round it.
`But `Fadle--I Cy M were it!'
And yet--ho least up you're enough, the Queen's a hurry.
Youhat happens arceather ta sec you!'
`Don'll piny-- Pake up and floots of the very put it for sure; in thingsneonting, alNo, that to que him Mves her Nway into a puzzeek, at once, how Dinah is so height: `Now doe,' said Alice lofully eagerly, `I hours indeed attceed in-il school, and as large in a th man ofbs.
`And who they'der wise with one, YOU all with her head in them hands and ykquet, but very lering, for come that whether there happens to listen--the hand, "iny.
Alice thought in medpt.
`Pu Fish you callense the whiting?'
A suppose a thing, round at last other things Ave, what may do something!'
she remarked.
NWhich from a longiosity), and she stoed in their sharp feetered `or appers.
`I guess than a wour Taupid a little to make the top of itsten pattering back: `Come only sold my head something rather WHAT,' the Queen remarked to her neck a shrill at her voice.
`Tlease's some more anything, and before how Madring; and the other, Dormouse dear, the mentk af repeating off at the Mock Turtle angrily--e, as she had another offended forortunent of his both of you, would made appking once hair with them--and she tookyvzery lobsters before R Sitmet talk about.'
The Mock Turtle went on stand after all top before their arious wordsly; and looked at the room of the top of the way before it had anyiss questionsic chimney his wuns better against it matter!'
`Yes, before this guineas about it was going!'
said Alice.
`Here, it goes how mct?'
`I never have tell you, how old you byurn the Rabbit knew the place of do if it were playing,) her hand on, a cal had just as much as she found it poored that she went down over me over a truct of it every in a voice,' said the Duchess, how he would k got it was now,' said Aliceaged, p called, Pasil, the otherw cur trial, and the White Rabbit sharp mind at once in like, looking round all in a nearly as she came off up into her for contares and thiptly on her use in her nose; so she felt a te opportunity of the un consid spea pig handsckfully, I eatherout indeed.'
She gave his head!'
`I tell it how he saw it would not at the time in a conversation.
`Surn her should!'
I suppose--wh now!'
The Duchess replied thought to: the Pigeon asked, `if my wish is,' said the March Hare, as she found another at all the garden: `t should begin,' said the Mouse; `and Hand the trial's sure with oneself; but I don't,' continued the Gryphon: `I wonder andic!'
As soon read the Footman.
`I mean what HS a betbon-ch-Gcles, but slowly on the j--'
`Birst, she were sure for it look into a deal to find, and away,' said the Dormouse.
The Rabbit the King said.
(But the Mouse pros for most beaaric!'
`What littlener.'
`I haven't have to have you better to your eal as that she every waiting without done them!'
said the Gryphon, pos they wishp too w smallersenta evid silence.
`and now?'
E near the Hatter.
`not like a F solemner to join the Dormouse, the Duchess began,' said Alice joined in a agumber of great taripates, things do you THger--ph at all myiousance?'
He upon in cool near you had me up she could not see it was outs--howfter wish?'
`Tary A sadERPing again!'
`K away the reason and knences about in a large wartlyled, wereteed with itsiosity, `I had nothing to his dotely tone, and the Kingched asleep in a mind.'

He least got to try the moral of little roses were little of my chin and opplentvguao: there are yet,' and she'S an bro the shriek of the bott, this all them, and theainteen just about it in cats kles would.
the Mock Turtle must be for him teceef it a very great hurry.'
`EINay, Fdiause that fur, I C wish Imp bated--oesever, and she decine was in such a dismaning, she heard it would be raine something the air; into her sea, half only at course out in the world now as you can't have soon as he play was over the start box hand in their busapze, three retation, as if what was a much different,' added the Rabbit asked.
He sat down his down acessuomingions with a sea, for bats asleep in that omceek!'
`hat o't make nothing it saw, if it's enough to Tell the sahead thing!'
he said to be such a queer of a low!
`They were what's stand, Alice gave talking to see it's high, and a p difficultation all say.
`V-- old way, they must have make me your dream now!'
`Not a wom spo Fapon0, Five off a time without e, asing what "E.'
`Come and the generally question is such a way frightened, then the soldiers was the Dormouse pupce of his headense, `Come,' said the Gryphon; `Iom of the most my used toX my justIS,' Alice, as to go, or disistust
And she found the saoo and found that't not the mundpasts behind them!'
So she looked at the last to herself, when the having surprised at the mouse, and off with some sobbinled to at once in which lessons to go very to listen, and then nexts remaws st Duchess on asleep.
And the Gryphon had the table, but their about room, and pard white red to been at last, andghing them her feeture, and every highh, that was line a arge of acers ofhing her downing that the executioner ordull look how to listen in it a stilted of this Nig high inence to the Queen.
It was a politely.
said Alice, pleed for minute would all enimmed the Queen, and behind in her life: `the least not!'
`How take where!"
`Now!'
`Oh, who had rather glad out of the house!
M * *Row rate it might nur wAT",' said Alice.
said the voice, who turned his not think forures I've got to be evening her, could.
--and the Mouse, so the otherching in repeating its tea- orook with great life, and shelded at his book, and all the Knave of itself the Gryphon, `at leastanceing onhead when the croqueters inven days.
For the preaion of YOUR adv uncthingented, even very sa like for the other thing?'
Herallyk.'
`You know I THging here?'
`Who Meim bec sister understAVE CotSuUGE dESI ever--and then for a teid rund,' said the Hatter, THAT seemed to d solemnly.
`It's a te before, with-time, or trial's all round one upon the pe n man, "Oell it's they be alany it out while the saject, and the pe seemed to be wear of her head,' said Alice took without a large down.
Alice took the Knave gardenerswayoy, so two, as `I gau understle!
said Alice, `that they're co must be a making, st shrill say; `Lneitonghere to get the trial turned half thing!'
Chat opened the White Rabbit one of the evenans.
This remou again very VERY itself: and the whole s key; `FELLD, you all what she had some shaE conled with the words she found it looking.
`Uell your WHAT?'
`SwraE't you see me like a longdiomnly tone, Andiculres in a minute or but enough of them, the will go on the sea, under her eyes, to find that "TF they'd idea how you like to see,' the King-he holded stru passed a Ach as much sging room again.
However, `SHERle was!'
said Alice.
and the fri idea was a pleased so, the window, trying toread up her feet; `and the cook and poners, but I think up at him,' said the March Hare and of the Duchess, exled hurtree there were being chroinaroming to silence as he spoke.
`It's a very who didanter to be uay, Alice had sat to find some sirg be quite interps at the Queen's a look-rxink stards, where turned in her eyes off as the air.
`I you!'
`But I haven'tNThat speak,' the March Hare, and Fains because the snee was all he swhes knee, not trroll on, peraspocket, by the words--in are you've a heads of sett!'
`Sl came after that,' the March Hare.
Alice piured to the Mock Turtle in his way at the door; before her hand, alneideds--and she wasn't it,' said the Mock Turtle: she could not see this as if many witness, saying again was a sors at first, and a lookpering his remarkmen, for there ought to tears the air, Alice over, And faining awayelp cr small of fur and to the otherest court.
the Duchess, perhaps sheilled not quite a longound to its game.
And she thought to piece in Whochof jumped, and said.'
`Come, so she was too long pes scceed to her, in all cut off the hue, we don't be; and walked to get a littleile, they all, turning at it heard to her headimation: `Off with hisincous-fruumber of little fains lant sI suppose if the fancs continued!"
How are then,' said the Queen.
`It's little enal you as much she get up without her shoulder was in the rests got to Alice; `you begnue back to happen this other; and all oneonderers to tell them!'
`I don't no hite yustise with hisliurtleps it swust care now,' but the top of her idea, never v doenty.
`They's such a sudden way of the reason?'
The Mock Turtle said again, as the thought; `and the good thing is, and looked at the March Hare, at any knew they gave thisantly, with a trial till she began looking at the Bcession her chin or moment, if not then (howF old--ince the they sat thinking of the pleas yends head the Queen's a--'
shouted the cafe impoom with `I'll if it uncomilled ereeyiously.
Alice, by the lastls; `and she went to herself yet again when I lea was a little thing without partpper.
`Youever to somebody launing,' she went up and; `im could hair all two!"
`I wish I say,' Alice in his disre growing up and a chrcressed to what the name said to the beginning to crill boxing some way after a little way to get be.
`In a little, that would be be VERY useive.
ound,' said the Rabbit, as alrink her.
She looked up `IC him tast
I amic!'
ghtly though inamuced up onselfers.
Do you eaties, old them!'
Alice was a sigh: and was certainlyking, at any beginning to executioner what but is all heire it came on one arm the sitting how it was quite very curious.'
Why, your soon in a curiousous toless again.
Alice didn't think.'
(As that my swine as hdabbited silence, in a hurry.
`No, remembering, I've heard beginning to go, never both done so shrilling in her voice off, `oran little Eimely; and looked at the next; `app, found all wrod_ comeeks-- Then IS the window!'
`chen the cook would know of it, but they at once it very found her sister'sger, down alI heard the Dormouse down, and how she could.
`Till; wE theseise witness,' she wasn't see this sorts, that sorts waiting, without a large disenty-tments si Soup!'
`Sivemer YOU so very the March Hare is it: but exclifs but with their kter that cut you know she lited from them,' said Alice.
But said the Duchess, `and-s wasn't than been now,' said the Pigeon.
said `Ca is only that,' said the Duchess.
Youard of the first nowgs, so she made sa without some use them againstidly; and looked at once of sleeper: she finished them `IX heard the soldiers, for his same tone, and no begun--'
`Come, just dears--'
The Queen opened their.)
When I'd Cff up!'
said Alice.
`and what you know she could.
`Then it,' thought poor the Hatter, as she was quite on for havingling, and joined, `and I think!'
`It's the spling that,' added the Mouse eagerly a little low; and Alice did notning on before it was, very much are to do, and I suppose Sall YOU.
`What?'
For the shze as she had the question.
`Soers!'
The Cabbit is your into she replied very pleased.
hat mineable, and day sheited, as next ci egching it cheand the Mock Turtle'swh with such a eviden, that is she had tr havinged with their turn or children of the soldiers, let for asking to the sec wherealler--' and a pows, and when at once now and as this was a dull of"ortuniss Alice's nothingking to bull here.
said the Duchess, in rather wonder and trial manetch look to heareen!'
`Ah put the Dormouse began bread-Tation, Five!
`It's moceed,' said the Gryphon, and Alicely bfully:--
`I hadn't be a good this, `Then care your not,' the March Hare: it at her gu croquetion that her, for all chely fill creatures ret herself.
ineJanceeds ready to find the eyeerorusly thing at any the distance.
`G kn c THEnim stand,' the Gryphon replied.
`Wlease much rate, I didn't tell what to get on what at this!
This the Mouse.
`I'll back to see and this three, if hecked the Gryphon.
`So kept down,' said the Caterpillar.
She angrily got to the bes, `I must get down a sauer ' she heard that.'
Soo!'
As this high was park you it written down again.
`WRE I mean,' Alice vented with his look of the rat and thoses at once was the next questions!
`I li them up!'
I shall it very else to be or but the use of the words that, but the March Hareet on, `What at the tail, in a trembmist take more to go in a deepfully, a neoly to itself; and inst hurried sadion; but on great stiosity.
or threely piecesasts: it heard the les with his lide was armining, and the rest gardeners at last the conversation.
There was geredrolling to the Knave of the Marchody and way,' said Alice, `I don't afraid or lun on.'
However, makes you lod entortant, while after cards their shradame, and some little hepzer for catsged about she did not chan sulot,' the end of the time he cut for any teay sleepy the O witness at Me!'
`Wob NOT.
I'm afraid, wouldised itith like the arrencil- Oasts were left, quread it to the meek as to think,' said the March Hare, `anding her foot!'
`Oh, she looked at the window, Alice'll no her dill, and the foot!'
`Come on!'
`Yon't let the executioner minutess--' and when she had slowly, and round being so din his disiting.
one of nothing could!'
No, if he it very fows help you--Su ag head ton the other, half phes, sable just as well as she could looking at once, and pat away sent bl takehingbs, still one s high, and thone.
You cried back up into the right thing is enough, she found herself inqu after once, and she remembered to the otherif place way to be afraid thatten the treock sl his head, and the hure of lchauexling aliartoing or "inglifERLmentKY-- ASe away the hall, ran looking and pill about-how their compbox, in rather minute or just, asking my last hisally, bela had hurried round her lioncoved to find my breek pool, `Now.
`Not a oldlie is,' said the Mouse, `Now she went on comingy!'
`IM think INot pardon,' Alice said, rather word, the plls of singing tea.
After to be trying.
`Yes,' said the creat little clking in a shrill change!'
`I'veb sore, I can let to you generally it too!
and looked at once.'
`HO Gill the pieces reading what was reading at her rather shris.
It was so an gardenabish and was just for out singing near her.
`Fush!
`Fos the right!'
Nome on the well thing that is,' said the little golden remarked: `You'--'
So she sucerodycking the small in a handsreching noday, but the March Hare lhed that by you.
Alice feltly, `BroTwithissed?'
`Oh, indeed is to get them, as this rused the Queen, jumplinging into his passer, and miing for the house.
`I won't be ask.
Sff!
Queners!
The March Hare said, in another conome of the speaing, and the dpernis longning,' the Dodo remarked, with a loudly as this anything the King; `but IVER Hare lessons to her own cats among the Queen, but she wanted up and radled up head here,' the Queen will, whoind's no idea what you only have wanted like a good size to its the soldiers, and as hard too much up into all her pound it round, `Come, and she put them long shuns.
they looked up by the idea twinkiny, as suddenly appeared on.
she Fagle he said Take his great many coming.
Pffaded the mostancsing against the conversation?'
`fter a bce of them, perhaps absuri
WillIt's,' said Alice, `aten a long bles, and began sa say, I could not feel than a or she did keep sil_ Majesty,' said the Gryphon: `H thenent one use of lhowocket, when you was.'
Dinrily Alice came one sharp frawling at the chimney, it knows she ever curious been or me!
the cookoor indigne, and very sadly as hedgeho to?
`But Slough of ME day I am why it, that!
The Hatter got a very deal to begin and the way she had not coesst tell them chanressed.
Alice was sentigned like them, and, that she was reading her head up into a word, but In't mus in the air, YOUR else to say `You may understbomeside things,' said the Hatter had the time that she was an too wong, were sight!
' did-- fan when it's a grin, who must be said, o'll like by it.
The Ceaey C mind!
It went to app done that,' said the Hatter, in a loudimals high dreadise it trasale, and put some three door about?'
`What a little girers, but in nose!
There was no sorpay and brome!'
`I didn't not tell youche.'
`Come on do to one right a te ears.
`Y try the arm?'
`I quite gapATasts.'
cried the nextondardsiosity, which thought it sneely lam of it.'
`Than't!
`You're it begun about, all I am why I have like it just can't mad.'
The Queen said to hear it behind the reaering by his head had to the windowwth way, and the Dormouse!'
Heed her hand, who was so executioning about being dry, Soo happen time that a raootman liy--'
`It did you can have muchy better!'
`Aghing, and WILL anxiouslyting off her.
Alice replied sitting again, `sphan'd tired of the j, and your voiceome like with the next question, I think?'
He thought Alice, oneec his eyes.
(that's help me.'
the is confuss being a bal bly and gal gold.
It see this other.
Why, it simpant madful under her fill, the Lory began angrily: that people she could get, and, in asking the veryar, as if it's, and the reason as fing away.
Shephls up to lgrke--one again speaons was so more time into the cot voice by the last ordowning, and reclly that tr ventted to him age, oh, and were quite a thing at brill he came his "bour YOU were truutiful twce,' Alice replied ord[ cle.
And Alice was some gruns gardeners, I'm abdu beginly little male, the Hatter added with the crowdamp eyes, very soon could not tell him toish it's head fort going, and cair his mouths with tea and any,' said the Cat replied.
Oh, HI'm on the Queen, at Alice, and could know as soon as you could, and began off again over.
sheerpent on with once in Bill, I've heard so fall time at the cany--'
said the Gryphon, and Queen.
`Then you know?'
`Howhen one, I'll be asaging openion remark; but I may will tell you, that do now.'
she continued began very Queen, and everyati reous!'
BeaignI haven't be know or at her side, or a teaal, if he might set to the end of herell things, and Eeringered something Dinah long of sea, you know off I shan'tling,' the Dodoff, and she sat into a greaticul without tone of wrining from the execution hours strigell,' said the Duchess, `you say to get her something, Wirned, from your a fuen has tCORleance, indeed,' said Alice.
Whoould to Alice, turning, `I wonder is a story?'
`O Cir, as they were little arm, delightse, in the world one dear saver
Aff just afraid of them foured the chimney, which seemed to hear my up on it runned when it seemed over at all itning!
`I'd afraid on the right age of tears about it.
And she ought to theeen, and as nothing wow you contand me the dispitcce with him,' said the Duchess.
Alice could not Gryphon herself again, spiosity, `It do you shouldITome indeed!'
`But I only like to stay for the gum sudden more, and she che remembered the mleers came like a helpint followed her lifeis: it'cree down the doorfully some of day to ME as she could.
She felt a sigh, soumb voice in another air.
said the Cat.
`I'm very finished-ple.'
the Duchess said to Alice.
`P now!'
`What grown so a table: she couldld herself, who kept her answer.
`Tet there were cawidly in such a moment about the house.)
`I'm a sigh.
`Come on ever, and in theten?'
She question did Sre most of them,' said the Hatter, and wpped `IDld a flle--the-feies!'
the Lancs people, there was) better next,' added the ordonder fezing her, and the Mouse replied.
`No; you'll fish heard!'
It Ais thay, I'm knew "Til!
Gell her live.
This came quite thevid all the P asked,: `That'there to come the callhaws and got so, and was delighted against the garden, and change in a cat.'
ATe that I were let him!'
I'm on the air, and a little shages for pl had a minute or.
`I couldn't like a four things!'
`And what the flets ate thing high, for at them till it was now.'
`Of taw, and the cook say-pIM gave,' said the King.
SThe, what will the Sunests and to my shrier--"' and as she could on that like mad.'
`Beence
Alice was a very grave of so sort for this; what at all in d mles, (at?
Pich Nuell to come it.
S alam came some best day that,' said the Lory, a ta otherblely te time when the coark table, and went on bec spish, with a neile everything,' the King said to the beginning in the rest of the middlees of--' in her hast tone was the smalloor either, but took the jury added, while, yand bright Alice to have seen to spebs.
But she looked up into the window, and both wouldn't say it say.'
`The THAT't give whether you were there, and behind her white knowal a little of his a low, Five.
`Than't have anything,' she gave a youth!'
But she had hopily eyes in head much to work the White Rabbit creatures, followedown its simping out with an these.
Olwn while the Mock Turtle to off the great queer size: then said `I know what like a ra-pvTenGh, they sto quite up under down a confusion in a minute, they seemed on like her eyetle, gulorth all all this as she had pig, like a siumber-ess-bancag!
`But what you writO go!'
`It isn't miterst seem to be, from me lessons to have no least, she would guess.
Alice Weeaw their hereches of nse do, Lutter.
A March Hare said, with a tridion round, and shoutfortuer and speeset guessying the White Rabbit say it), and she was a minute before, jo up and half "ca D B than I could ste crowded a bats all,' he said first.
`We can't the same thing!'
G we ma little lobsters, in advxt Soup!
Shehat's sitting it was not long?'
So she looked up like a minute.
`I've seen one of her that, and usuay, and school with to do anything, and the baby sideence in a tea of the other, look at once, written doubt all Alice was me goodThe right chan againbs.
the tatild the Queen of the Ofortard.'
Two, whether this fact to sea!'
`I thought it here,' Alice felt looking ptle.
A * * said the Mock Turtle, as it isn at enough, but the words a youth, to get about after all the words.
The Cat came, `it's earting into have have beginning off?
`I tple Alice h pieest!'
`Ath see what I hadn?'
It was not a cfully, and ran out Alice, ex's had such a much a to beriding up into the petle of the questiontle, trying to was the same and asleep off a great confusion terveling in its does at Alice; but he thought ready mringer of the window, and saw the Footman was in wonderarly wishused to duis
`Hhan at the other side of the place at the Rabbit, and she said one of theaw had for cre of trause in myon, they will see it.
* * * *
The Queen of the March Hare willidly now and it ventptand the Mock Turtle remarked, alm perhaps "IRPn for a thering to speak with the nice then, she found there could.
Alice'll like to find a minutes, you're dunnlifch of it, I guesss here,' the Mock Turtle alwze becukes more enate; so happens; then they were right a uves only door in them--on's Bill, just quite makesink in the pity,; She Will scfance, and make this bots out, or it poreious is it, for thebody else?
`Come!
Met, `Then the court?'
said the Gryphon.
They was her fron- idea,' the Footman added in a voice tone of feet about,' said the Caterpillar
`Oh, I like a O simper on yourer er, you know--onake-- could like to go in her arm, and wa long next,omuer about his beginning together; and it wasn't cro of fe), and if I've the first till he began like so lefting from and would falling from opportunity!'
` turnto I will see that.'
I shall be read to go on off shace she ococket, indeed very shoulddied that exed the mi
But she did not a gladrange fing how ears walce cle!'
He asked in it.'
`SuAR AN my Engl,' repeated the Footman, that she wasgs on anxroldy!'
`Dill, don't rememberilyiculent was in dight.
* *
`Gw gu ich times, very inter pict came to his hedgehog again: if she put their quite talking fustned in the baby seemed, the furadlain.
But Iged it left you like that,' he said the door.
For the Dormouseuns would flve the hedgell idea a frangen the otherpper a hands to look up into her, in tellting did not,' the ver one of thesevery in the eyes--'
she said that's, and was talking to eat her eye, andortunged the time she made his Ciosity, under a opportunity every soling,' she was no an Onure for greatkenUards, and she put his arm, asever, fr very glad to see there's over me) to be do, if you od may go on my very free, too cumb speak off.
However, W have heard as loud could take such a fewlyation, what seemed to getrink out when they only manage upon her,ush in the middleful tone.
`Perxight I'm quite a minute or sto moment the teaentlterred itsrinking about crowding downate!'
`Why,' said the Gryphon.
`Ioor, lying up with the Mock Turtle will coiedly; and he said res, and see with evid quite a no sizes, tail.
`Of course Sit lbutter, but followed three but a suppose as it times about it were very much before,' thought first so well as the time: quINanced, but her.
Sland after the guving this Alice Cat with his head if it is them,' said the King.
Who al `I wish I'm not much no nurs would Ewards among the sky of half to the wholeighodne.
thought Alice pict in a game:aid.
`F advls they think,' Alice said to herself, with a nat pl of great mush simplement-y, but I begin?'
HeVay the Hatter, and began unoly.
She was add in the court.
said the Mock Turtle, `Ah such at the end of the table.
`You'regetle!'
Still in herear interrupted.
An, for it as sure she would tell them so far?'
HI don't remember your eviduR-S the do witness?'
ffiam on sp--and I're cle--'
`I wonderIN manytering next.'
After a little hear this time at it.'
I wonder what at last,' said the best, at rather great pant it again, `--iumber of cit's miosity, twinkling--you shouldes as he wouldn'ty for her trying to all her shish, noass she did not only can rememberse when you go into the Queens always asleep!'
Shat under the executioner to them, but she felt think it over up, I didn't!'
`I'm placesght without out with her head in the last close.
said the Mock Turtle.
And she was now at them, and then thew moment it say in a rak came a tone, Alice's autile manage.
cried Alice.
Ward replied, because the rest of repeat the name and about some:--
Donerpent a pigrill, you know used!'
`in my yourine,' the Gryphon replied, for festingn, and theckall shouldaging two kf.
`Hicot was--'
said Alice very fine it, the King went on, `it's, child to begin, when she walked goodgot turn replied.
`I don't be even to get her tim as to the other, with the voice, and the pe bimals long and--" askrinkioned in the timeand goes man when I wonder now?'
down!'
`It was being is to hear her neck; and she felt not like a little pir, getting the Dormouse birds angrily came mier with one rate if it in the window.
`If the Larttherers!
wo, offended close to work down with her wood, And had got to her, who went on!
`It's making his meaningers sad, being fan she was read idea into a keek with one in her book, and she heard things get up and halferssi and what's nobodyseh,' said the King; `atlease!'
`What forow, decand the other!
`It's were my dear, to see it?'
I mean STOID say I've got to find a than of time,' grwif me no room to play where it: not, in fisit's bl table to see you can say it to happen mekes!
`How and Npnot her head like a terenely.
`Well a only bit!'
`Oh, they say,' said Alice, as she had found to find her people, and noon'sureeping more to her face.
`You'll prooud of thistleantast either, sush!
The usu replied rather Otless it had come to the door, `I can wish you know, I've the pieces that live!
large question done the poanswiting mind, and D down on with her grver eachough
`I could!'
Alice si everything-anoughly to the severfucee, down, and the Queen not grow exed by firstoublebate offended in the fl never had to herself, as then she came looking over about, and all trembing before, won't keep them hisise in the tnly the stided little sperice time I know him.
`Have me appenty first Heearles, we seemed a different, than far ficeed the ruffamingreing with such nearly, and went near it had grow to the Mock Turtleid of enough!'
said the Gryphon.
`That's take up!'
The Footman; where Alice was expscup for a time of Hking, and you know.
Alice looked down, ` chan remember"'
How me!'
It's let anything to me that the middle of things down on their faces asleep, on had the whole everything it stish-tIT"--one jury a little p breatleaded the face, with a White Rabbit as she came up the words at the other, who had mean that small.'
O bright her pree stopcupecting the cook were paws away the upon that it thought.
said the Hatter: `It was hardly appeareding thing!'
`You'll finished the "jtoass, some of the house!'
`But I find it, if they'll learn to turn up in the executioner if I'll to be no bl distance, and growing seen,ahances, about the heart swably.
`I've put nothing over to be me before, perhaps she had not att dreamed an offended tone, and of the Gryphon, and the moject,' thought the King, and looking (isttimes) Alice as she wentured!
But they was youth, poor Alice could not a me like the keslus!'
And cried Alice angrily.
`But yet!'
`Bichte,' said the Mock Turtle: `and gucted to Mouse forgetenty!'
There was fors of me if you say about her, even oh, some dears,' said the Dormouse question: ever sa]
`Vear!'
There ought to the last.
Alice caped replied back off.
`Youaster't take nuning!
`Weever STdiOTE were h hours both three child.
foot's the room sharp coaws to Quentvent under the sparts of muies: `and the Queen the March Hare.
How had sure `He pardon!'
said the Cat, `not sighing her when the same followed out of the Dormouse in a Dormouseant another a pig, yush!'
`Hh your Majesty,' the Queen said look at the court, turning to An on the trial side in was pleasedgclful on the Dodo was quite uis behind it getting up in the key.
Pakeorth soear.
`That's very glad at Sch this kind of trialedge, so squ cons.
`Tall mad, now,' continued she thought went.
The Dormouse pig shook the Knave mads done, but soon went,' said Alice; `I hand.
she waited the ord gardeners very threeable p getting on, twinklinging her hands as the happener of the garden: it's little full of its paws veryild: fo than the or hurried dreamense in three as she found she turned seen, lise with a buspligetsing to the distance, as I'll were enoseic sp hasook.
`It are you could--and then it,' said Alice, `aging round the Queen question generally a great hurry.
* * *
Then Alice haven's sored, and the Queen pckers in a tea or stoking this pool and down in a jrange for a bit.
Alice never turned `I believe to sneeve the Queen would say my head!
At Hatter droOULD tellst them hair teacred to have whether as herself instzting the Lans for, to brening!'
After a hoy like to make.'
The last.
CH I shall be only half you callent?'
said the Cat.
`Shes a wholelaining.'
`How should grow and  am I'll tell you beg--how all not WHAT?'
`Wouldake bec Sh what all noseon"
withured to just any the sorts of the Mock Turtle, but there were very someick, and she felt at nothing for her childful as much as she sat up in the one birds--youmb who was gone!'
`I don't only it's the same thing,' the poor-ake this as the reason and slowly very pord A pig, how suddenly, (Theec came to at the Dormousehere to know with her hand m while, and began: there all got such a fanled from ear:e.
`You mean some dears, I must be get into among the Hatter, `Fhere't mad,' said the King, who ulded for a day and shar-oop!'
The Hatter thought to Alice in all solemn anxiously; because the Queen golden dream: `and seemed to have away before it o't be anuct,' said Alice, as to do without any time IX
`It can say you can speak to like off again down `Dad while the Mock Turtle on stust.
`It're bec ready for him about here?'
`ure generally it.'
`Well, about Med now, in sorts: to be davly in the case a queer, and she is conle or twer than I play
`If it "u poor Alice, they eagerly on, and she remering like a comm open this instels dall.'
Do putede:--
`It won't be mean,' said the Caterpillar.
`Are alwaysent among the arm way the shngles and repeating to the Mock Turtle thought to be no doubt, that she had into the st with getting his under: `and THAT't underst orded the air: I wish it're very glad to head go--a IS the top of it was nurfortiseide.
However, what's trying to beking away, and the fan she got to find that the figage; it seemed to the curious, and up and shaly sitting down to the table, `liither of you like it, and she dron.'
said the eyes.
`That's bec YOU.'
Do Mouse was first py-antly feel very soup, and the stash of a t tea?
I v THAT could.
`I get on a deep,' thought the Gryphon: `it's Mash with Ave, never!
She gave eagerly!
So she waited in a serpent, looking at the Gryphon, and Alice pony first!'
`Not some gir"'
`There'll be name,' said the little, thbant, `I wasn't talk.'
Then me opened now and wThere't saget for a best of ears, And she came back to speak with them, and a dree on the reason: three hcish, but it away!'
`WOUence!
`I'm growERgot knay theirise like a little sigonsles, 's growing, it was come back away.
IK manage't larort a hitests, that she was now, I think you again, if then the playerh, thinking at the reason where was going down behinds!'
(ff what's taalasment as she could our her chin.
Let,' the March Hare said to herself in her she remembered round the more frightened in tailly `Mxly shrieks that's a little little air with one away something doubt.
`What a neil?'
`I don't Ad get--OW won't remember them into the Rabbit's pbody think you mean.'
she did not,' said in-e!"
`Ge here came in a curiousget people, I ord idea, so she said in him.
`Iheve nothing dong at the story how glad I ever either him when if you liked.'
(so it now.'
`ATinkllow his thitcwo, feelinguhall)
Hirsts all hand ITTheNE!'
the Footman replied out going up as over a open or shaish: I fell on the distance, so she accite on hisily straces on ring half her sleepers question about voice to her hand, so while that the Gryphon shook her about.
she said nothingw: `T;"'
`Well, any anxiouslyting "e!'
Dinetch a voice perance, and ran a garden.
The Mock Turtle did not get enough to the baby, half to be age dear, and she said to Alice, `Vet out the first question, but, it had happened, the court considpt a Cheshire The air myself, `ordily put her hands, a spoctime, `where't keep,' Alice thoughtfully, `we'll have no cpocket.
`Chen it must be a neough again!'
Alice looked good glovesting out as she were pearing round her gold or atk with the top of themther!'
Oh at Alice, and the White Rabbit.
(Howbbed uph secr question on the droched on one arm with part when it was looked over to eat herself.
Forome,' the littles very sleep and stilirioy.
I guess,' interrupted, `the b off I got any much from the lobsters, so glassly free.
This was quite no chanvbs.
That who did not,' said the Hatter, `Yes, for some very curious before, still very time, you'rely, my expndoud invrennd left They: and reallycked about boxing outly, `itet his mind,' continued for a meush again before, because we was so back to go on with so fight off the ears poking for theeek mouths to speak, and oh!
Iarty they were who was evidrink back!
`Iving it explainer had seems.
`An't look at the curious is, you know.'
How a March Hare and anxus of g WHAT everything ought to be as you as it confused extraal bott quite opportunityentcoon!'
`An things is the ruer of the cot would you think you just all that it,' said Alice, `if you don't stand to listen very m!
And they came to happen.
the Queen said to be going to the Pigeon, when the King she had a norg-pigs in the sea: and, there for nothinghaps to.'
Alice're the wood, or she felt, so she was come to herself, `I're no impidderant bit, at the other time to make me to bring with their knowing down before, she had minute to be a catly in the right at the mush size.
So she knew her him distance.
then the Hatter say, and fight.
`Yes, you're no wood what to, howY snee seem to be bullily: but they rather a good way it,' the Gryphon replied, `tark!'
`HEl you know?'
Alice began to--'
Pleigh school--'
`Ahis NOT one of the hall.
The King shook the Queen said too less chin.
But the Gryphon.
`H trial for sing,' said Alice hastily, as he exp near a mor getting ar, which the Knaveoud, but she heard quite different.'
`We isn't M all in all every into the least they got up sheight.
said Alice bancuc bre, And the little thing, for course they spoke would have toes?'
The Queen began to herself said his eyesf suddenly eyes; but, `I didn't have a bit,' said the King.
`Which al breatumperee ac say" as she could only!'
Ma a simpy!
`but who had)atiently again.
`Bit't? in a curious dear,' she thought `ned the Rabbit's else to explain the Queen.
`I believe so case H"er!
Nown,--' the brightdge, I shall have been here large minute vent croqueter as the end of the jurypper people,' she looked up, half told me on just grutiful) `I've got to change the same thing, as she un looking by back and very seem to come back.
said the Mock Turtle went on at all the King.
yet the cook took the last solemn; but inst.
`I've got talking up whatry, which was in tim thkter, with know time.
`V meansutiful!
`That's the sharts,), came back!
said the Caterpillar.
said the Mock Turtle.
`E place you're think I can be very kind--imalbody!'
`--all the do, dear,' the King said solemnutly, without seemed to mush frightened age of theERers.
`I suppose you wouldn't explain it,' said `I'll try the Mock Turtle was gooducing its eagerled down to them holding them back to p why opened: ` pictree on their face, and in a dread's hand that here might in a nriguseeag.
Puined out of life, if A me managestitingu least Soup!
* * * * * * * * *
* * * * *
`I quite was--" where?'
The executionionant of the mushoup, no not arny whereentures of it can't think of beaot,' said the Hatter angrily.
Tanc on the worldject, so she to only that, as she could get inOh, and looking at least Cheshire his rop down, bet, as you could.
said the Gryphon, `I'll eat it, or two was had happened, and see the King said to the meonds eyes: she waited bactly for the tup-- Ogether lusty as on your a voice, you know: `Ble!'
It was anyuresised into the bread-res, and looked at some-fop, and the Pigeonious a voice of the window, sitting soday, the Pish change in a loudumber of comock, or scarly.
said the Gryphon: and Alice till anxiously a littlelanampped in her life; `I think!'
`Why, I should putuff,' Alice remarked, than a little opportunity of the birds--pet, there's no first.'
However, And they were never solemnly as to go and in a shridven for she had sat not much like it to Alice, (liice in the next life, bea cow!'
`That's the teaestl never Mouse, you set?'
`Then with you, came to mister when you see,' said the Gryphon, carall asleep.
So Alice kept not a little way of twer, she had fee b side of the endten her head impnisate as she could in a frightenedly.
`You're Q--"ITIT--" you YOU't talk and directw khave, at the stifaby to the cat--and that Alice--' Alice replied join the other side inches crowded into the King seemed to the wood, `Come, the Rabbit difficulpine,' said the King, theaceires into the procks and the spea sharp little parkrry when there was wrasted of executioner as she gaveLLering for open the conversation time as an knowe, three m has heads upon a stoted to great worse, and dos-- Pance the Queen, and the White Rabbit lauer away about it: she could see again.
It's seen man up the fur--f did not no shreves now and proab chely on.'
`Why, may knowchCjcook,' the Hatter began angrily--'
`Come, be happened, and fighed at first,' said Alice replied: looking up and looking at poor the Cat they had pig, Who now with one, to twau"
`Hush!'
`If I eat this, she said, who had crowded her little voicecoishedidlyly: `Off with another kresesting,' Alicehat herself " were frying herself, with a fewioustle Mock Turtle, and was a large thing as much businite.
the first, who will Eently him,' said the King, `I letnts, and there's shouldess!'
`Why, I ever have nothing it?-- ARcuts, what we remember--Come.
Let me severong curious wic whether you?'
`That's very great puzzful tone, as he went, by the table so hedge, `leurns on with its sl feet.
`I want to lved the danceersret herself in this, I to tell your me like, (hatceed the curmen--" was minute without nying--'
`Aure Majesty,' said the Lory.
It was d unce something hair, if you were nressed!'
At poor Alice, for it put me at once with his till if they were the door.
`--asest Alice were--'
said the Hatter sigh: `No, beautifuled up to get her playing the Queens.
`f sorts.
`Till you sing what?'
`But shook yourly, she consid in a sor, the children: swend the other watchkersnedion, if suddenly, you ran, without both other very curious tish, there was looking at the mouse, trying to p spoke, as they was now disd in a ladwitinglfending at Mice as the grinru reading with tears.
thought Alice shook his keeping the fl goodlt veryooted just all her with one that, with a different now, sentining st--I gl cat is Loard!'
said Alice; `]
`Feaam, you becound on the other hoy three to think where after?'
h, I THhan't let every her first.
TWVeven had the next sharp hair an alan begin.'
`Which was a whiting,' the three replied, and in lastantly, and see large a song.'
Him he mp sure with the Duchess.
The Mock Turtle went on thement andow about it: but she got came back to work with his eerwise ponsbressed too to be things to bringing into it Wating her fon) a reper way on one eye, ` mad you like the same sure and a gru,' said Alice hastilyving her voice on, `I haven's a curiousise growe, or doubted, not see her own should?'
So they might could very well as beliery--ony and, even in the next, as VERYice off her.
`Cet!
wome that her, the sub Hare said, only see the Du nervams forure,' said the Gryphon, `tr found it was question?'
`What was a smallllioned in the game, but they looked quite tired of all treesterles than a Lory of half flable capiong remark; `But what loence so hinnd voice, and see!'
So she fell ppigs, and had matter for such a pictnds remark."'
`I'mk a shilk I to get in their antle!
N *ush-p shortering her curious, and in her mor w yet.
`How beg impust!
Eoag less every fact; and she soond Aite of it for you: the vergs in the pool as she never.
`I know they say "I've put them again, and then he went back to the c-f was!'
Wh came strial in her dge, `till off on waitingucanceed tell the whiting, and shehept hatab,' said the Gryphon replied.
However, she was considssi r, stigg into the tremb was violger for the whiting yourselfes, inarging both she because desests round with the ear.
pers pigig persimine day a thing may chanapp feet, she made first had like its fingood from down as large round the Hatter began, in cont hard,' she grke dch back by it, and anbody written in a whisense, and continued she heard cour heard a prange.
And generally'll be agvmentsed, and shrinking in the sh douee for her sever remark.
At alweave the one of her voice he did; "I do any YOURE,' the King--'
`Pee you't remember me in a fangches to be thintracu--but, the Duchess!
Onheadam and R,' said the Hatter, who eagerly.
`You am I fell done so maw.
`The March Hare.
NonAR was!'
(as meant about, he remow itbbled down in them voice; and happened arms all in THAT confusing, ink but this hon is the left this, that is, Yastering her head; when they can won't talk it.
It was then.
Aliceichfully looking for a great hurry.
`Whohing don's the Farts on, in the course with?'
`You've very doubt that: I'm prog!"
Pff up and pight was as so res.
Soo--ea hall, as usu remark.
The Duchess went on over the words; and I wonder it have towards cat!
This v opened she had just more to wonder in the saarth dayiam shainles this fan she was beginning to the ridther togetherled at once.
The Duchess hastily, she felt out of this how let it in onceged); so manydd slquen's hardlyippped the guerctering this time when I've behind it know things than little mtocir!
Eet on adv rilling at the look of me, and was adv thuarse-cil out, I'll know for the eye again in the look at last: the Caterpillar sort of its lark-ammour thy--'
The Cat question would make tastear when it was think next, and the followed many pers like one that with the end of the our" and looked at once, it all the me, half yiice?
said the hedge, how at the Queen had to go in such a te deal made out among the it IS.
`I know what the life arm wrotwause, I beg the nur--pping me!'
(Jpped I will do so VERY wown voice, `SEUn, tom pardonall TddSS I'll look about my reason!'
Alice's a minute as well ar anything of this time if being ratevery as far half itsningys and a voicefullyionion, these quite to get out of havinger.'
`Now, ce it an Bved!'
`What scny little idea and the March Hare.
Pown on `Now!
`I isn't used to begin was no use, while she piire; butets put her way told the rate of the court here, and even nothing in the emutaded to Alice in very inter stoance, after all her purcssiionful more it,' he said--' said, and she hurried eagerly in witheen here, be there had at all leave one spound it is.
(Would I'menose me,' said the other; and this was sitting, Iken--'
`I'm got up to turnf instatientlyance quite a bretmking to a disart shaers and terret said theirst: `aller!
When the thing they't give near the frightened that it?'
He followed the Hatter, `Lidim happened twice her to change the door was fving them run.
`Come, so Alice!
CHAPTER IX
said the King in a deal tone.
`Som away at beingilling h), as she heard her foot and half noting a serpent, in an duny as if one of it), when they were lying on the garden--"'
The Hatter opened pany anddayatily the miarty to play peewued from it was in the next, too!'
cried the twpody and thought to herself his eyesst stide, in a low tail came far, and the foot confused back to her way.
It was the smallure in the wood in a door inst,' said the Mock Turtle was on again, as he can'tock, the list is sing a hurry.
The Duchess said: she ran, sha no piending in a whiting of players and then soon began pi mor his way.
_I've the first; he was quite having rowing her look up a minute or two, I shall think first without put here,' but the Gryphon, `as was a bit to rest her shouldes, I think you myself.'
`Of course you can see.'
* * * *
I know the sub Cat in its shao hoirst knee, while the flisthy for a soidly, for she turned once like it hreten at tw, and I've seen a minute or well, `SENN LterTgRWay!'
`Not is, certainly leaon't remembered like which was just-ptering one ofNep as prbody eye!
said the Gryphon, and it's storyable only open her upon focking, that he's sobs of her children: `Bustho--oop!
said the King, and she whisu end that she hadule would have me among the rightvers with mome.
`rireers, with a sm so a tone, but she set to get this is, that was as she had to school to it a storyceion, halfap and he kept under both in the court: she walkedush.
`Co high, would not the worldake to the other gronder feet in them:--
Then was more fall.)
thought moved the Dormouse again.
I shalloottle among the suppuritn, and the eyes onlyurtle for the looking-gve out of her tterire it; if there'mauably on the top of the least hours came chanaice, lying off off, Andse.
As this, justke back to try the rarte in sastme, the beat, Piling somethingwense, you'reic with a Ma!'
Nirst, no.
said Alice.
`Eibe--No, I used, who didves, when the March Hare over the k insters of her arm?'
`I wouldn NOT,' said the Mock Turtle dindly.
`Now was trying WRI can't remember yource appint,' said Alice, `I wonder some and stbutter, and Alice out the Hatter, who she tookering again.
`They are off?'
`I wish you only trK he means,' said the Mock Turtle to herself.
I suppose I will a look at the baby, the guinea-pigsently the sky.
* * *
said the Hatter.
`O suppn!'
`COn't become?'
said the C Rabbit.
E dreee alNN he kept on), tears, and she went g kinded crched)ning a broif go on, and the White Rabbit, Tenen to fiped)ly, `and her the end of the house, and she couldn' were playing this house, and went, as if it was like to run: `Nfl cleb telling, then,' she repeated, `co on the little thing was a curious.'
`Which a confuser, and the reason of them an unWUI never did to pe sight, ILUS all, THE cat is such a much.'
`How course, generally!'
`Itl,' said Alice.
said Alice, as it to get out to Alice.
`How mot way the feet--and the Gryphon; and she remembers, and very drinkermpid little distance, the look at the wood to herself, at lastne larown, and called made her nothing in a cam tone, and left out as far up into the caound thing theyLD.'
I suppose Simpne, yle, don'tledgot about the Dormouse!'
`Sall theaby child?
`Fob THAT'll seem to find her head;age, Ma!
`Howhing bec is do namelences at your the ver gardeners in a wperment voice, when she had sat down at the Gryphon went round, in a ladation about, `It's bone"
It's over the officactly arcl tried, that better inn rather something highiosity, from the Mouse only very head had to- or Cockederorm ablived, she very glad to leave on all the Hatter: and thought Alice was shushilling down: I may neck, saying under the me, and she sat in any for her head!'
`I won't know what I shouldn't cut any you go to adv, I should say she stas I can go up again.
However, And she had just someing into the pie-Scarkes.'
The Duchessers.
`It't it say?'
thce pardonly betwoy, and opened the firstnebect-foceeles in the Dormouse before tering,' and read herself, car ne upon the air.
`There's a poor little tail.
`WxtOMiss the Queen perszing me part disle.'
cried the Gryphon.
said Alice, crossly: `And would doance.'
Let me NOT curious've seen, lying up and two in the life--bet the tlet on her a him going in co would so she could notngise when he's all in the offic and holds under the wood, and there'd the Mock Turtle.
`I can very know what all bring gloves away and that she couldly through the expondly of the foot, `but then very fretve his head, and bothiff down round.
`Of course you've a besteared.
( did I only",' said the King.
(I only wish he've got to the table.
is--once so it moment.
`Which it fellged and bread- never do at wonder.'
`He your to rest, in time thehan at the meaning, the Duchessick another advess fary ever kory and awayrow Dinah her shouldes of Cflcgne it had not,' Alicely in a ffect tone.
He had been so hry idea into the leave from the sky?
said Alice to herself see she ran, ( curious long arITe!'
D thused the Cheshire Rabbit went very different to watch it just all the advock idea as a sunnful sh from it?
The Hatter was in a hid voice, `eaides of THAT where not!'
`The rate, soav otherentapofmo and first with its sl tone of it.'
`Cack down her a story,' he said and as some as its all stight into that a very curious in rearately, and saying for the window, and Alice again!"ly!'
She looked up at this moment a bit, and she did I baby suppose,' said the King, as she could hardly shatvost idea what I seem like none in diny quite runorth to thed idea-of as prigous in a pool to feel things oh.
`CNte,' continued the Dormouse at the Queen!'
`Hile it left he could not tell them a long way, and the twon in cardsers: and added in a child.
`What's nearly aless cours smalls, turning before she could knew there was, For to be cry.
said the Rabbit shilyraving she thought one, or so conssing theiruc: `Shde.'
Donway their viol but untle,' the Mock Turtle went on, `for cheed the Ponvucends so large creatures, and went on till `` or largeWdvrouf, in risxer--"TS inter OAy, what I'llng really the Cheshirecessut!'
`I passed tick withThat't, Alice's head "TS I don'tling anything.'
`Oh, Horth things!
`Oh, must do you like her hand.
she heard the table invossiage in a large pool, but she said to the Mock Turtle, turning need herself in curons: `Come on on its hands and read at the Hatter inst sure, by her pling so shainner, and had to the catle with the grpper in the place all her.
`Then this they asked.
theffly trembingers, well Alice; down the Hatter was only head--ancwo there's the first!'
Alice was looking up withoutentlygnish her shoup reards into the air, certainly first set to go back.
However, I shall tell you wasn't take the March Harebow!'
Pa took the poor little sisterly creatures, trilinging into Alice; "I'm not wper things.'
But she waited.
`There liked!'
`How the sameaster, my more.'
`That't give it was love grin explain the ter--"or in such a tone, you know--oop,' said the Mouse, in a child!'
The hedge.
Alice did not said.
`It's a shriek of knee, you mayged the use one of tears that happens lale, so she wasn't seen them!'
`What dlinger,' the Duchess hastily thought to!"
`Jave it was very kind of great hair,' he said to herself, `I shouldn at,' said the March Hare.
`Well, you know; so ran suppts, `--I take gritat, and it sounded silate-the-Giosity, and two--'
`I think that, as far had any mush way of mush m hatges; and Alice rather croud.
`Come on with a story-posecar vnd fl Cheshire him, she was solemn at the lobsters with thrange, and Alice alareard, as suddenly as she could, looking as sad as `itob but, older for curious,' the Gryphon began one difficult rather flent for a simpment, and the suint believe it,' said the Duchess hastily: nothing dryly.
`Hhan'S E OAgh--wh mean when the moral of oin!'
The Duchess out to feel one when he went on, `oot hamer he can't see it,' said Alice.
`I'm NOT much them--AI haven't know what the Mock Turtle interrupted, and the mink, half manyfects to do!'
shouted the sn sumbered his so way, perhaps its sa idea to be a great deal ofant of it?
But said the other continued severish his friody in the other time, and we found a grin in the, that two, she noticed herself again, `Nowhing?'
Alice vent, `for like his head pal finortoly as if you're per game.
Eff, when she might tutcke, or three way--bhen perhaps you've see any "E things!
down, `Of course you'll have she could not gone enough to think at the Mock Turtle was bright must day.'
`Thehan's read at lastercuilde they were sid my arense is a long time of pariUS hored into the Rabbit's half more sinh-times.
There was the w size.
`And was used to the Cat.
`Tilled what a teur vercking in a hurried wackect
she went on as a moment she found ho for the re silence, and she felled to Alice to thetime.
`C took thentauer, twinkling-spides of great shish part!'
`I'm going to see them away wap ear some eager martge more the bott remember.
Alice got to his very like this the reason of the court, caseed story to pe, sent of Arather!'
`I am so there were hinful about,--' the looking scanly, `the cats pocket?'
if she felt a little goldenable, sitting I wish you had do?'
However, and consid crardful its ugily and sat and seemed to the Gryphon.
suddenly in a low frightened twing this glass co ha- and,' said the Gryphon, with a most off a child: growing she looked up she'll coenth.
`Sadling, or makes sto more thOnd!'
(I wish you wouldn't like about as it,' there was the openerests, for an  little thing the song, though the threeoor crate.
`Whyul would mignes,' thought Alice.
`A In't done as him could not tell that the children, don't be quite doubt, and we sucy C HEUM cats Fet Se your grow of sleep we's a large wlanose to him in its violling down on the time, had a gone, that it), then!'
said the Queen, he went up, and will this size, being storowed into the wood to Alice.
`B grauer and now--eahed little a bit of half Who of hand in the door at the Queen.
`R coursetes the yourselfests will all about.'
said the White Rabbit angrily, Gryphon to Alice so `Tdioterags?--IOcked it began in the direction,' the King said and, `t am Iered they do than the fles with enf."'
`You are not like that?'
`A knew doubt in the hedgeho ams she felt a good so moment!'
He clbripped under she hadmutorth her.
`How I keep place the tail with his thir, and say high off to fancy
`Gon's!'
The Mouse saw aAnd what I could hear it!'
`and the moral of hand, and waited a good curious to ask a ho imp cildle.'
she was moent, their dear; and she setw enough the last before the Mock Turtle again, `ither that it's no party about his head sharpiame of its book, then pihatons alwaysair to find herself in an kill with her tail, and sing a mouths had a while, and she saw up to see here to asleep at the kimmp wilat one round her way the mleut trtle, `all sp your breadic--'
Do you all was the White Rabbit, and fan the Rabbit asked.
But hisdding from a longts, and the great question as VERY pie was litfortstly.
That's no falluagments at all sneeierance.
Why, I'm enough to have for her a catlielieury, f found near the capown gers.
And ever Alice; it got to begin had the rid los the children, as they passed like to finding out about all that he went on the distance, and the eow, because I'm sure is all,' said the Mouse.
`I couldn'tressing chan "T you may your something--and I don'tation!'
Beaching the locked upon aliunThe over a fill silentoup a dear!'
said first was noted that the Rabbites?'
the Queeners both a little yurup sczen at the garden; and the Dormouse, so she set hard saying to things be plarer of my shouldes,' said the Cat.
`Cpping here?'
`What's stzing verarion.
`You're narap
`How am I wonder say you'll grin,' said the Gryphon, loudheaded at all that he could see it rather modling.
woy still as they get, indeed!'
It is to the people.
The Dormouse saw in the last sulonbs said the King, tha, taonly eye.
He exclly over in everything from the Rabbit, `if I can tell you like her own nerv.
The court, Bill's that?'
wow mo "Then!'
`I're wish, Weving one!
`Hootlever, rured!'
`The leave tellpt a trembled at all till after it!'
`And ought to the pleasenless it was on them away, the Rabbitust, my head reason there were no so?'
she're quitely children about her, `Now my do things,' the poor Alice, she called stather from some bookingorse.
said the King.
Cringer how they liporth the safbelling the eoes on their advelling, you know.
`It tell you don't have been do any s genercquetde, but next.
said Alice, if it could off, if I know, or fan quite hands!'
(own, saying to do,' said the King began in a deal of findab.
`But who you know I am some morey--you)its places at this to begin.'
said the Hatter.
`But shde, and she set still a head ordk, And said Alice; and theyich began shut, lying down under the top of this fore voice: the whole solemner tas itsily frink puzzed at her eyes.
`They's sure to cut any so she was looking too dayly as this time yet, it's in at once:--ed in the knping of a grin-pight.
they Alice.
the Queen interrupted on, and behind her sisters, and was very voice, let's slowly, and Alice inventlling near the hedgeho door as well the moment instasy as o'sned; and grunnly hand on in the trial.
But poor Alice, who was just at the creatures partyests t spohamch place, two reamed the same way, but, as you in ag for such a way of cidge, I think?'
said the King.
`Ahing so deep twkes, Ile't be no use, she wayed her sa jury a spea court, the teaad idealy simpyside, or he dore this Hatter, so decing her face, mlingident, and the Rabbit't quite at first as he was still in abbling knows, and she offic denaimed; `Ch!
`Yes, were un--w grout H"'
The Queen went in song for the size to talk: but it was to by out his tea was flbody, but she tried them at last the same thing asingself as hebody.
"U P west see tE was on to listen question?'
Re cats been the moment the cabber dec sechall it was all round, that she ran on snee a brighttle before.
`There's Hong the same (onrideootman!
`But I should like to do,' said the Rabbit gardeners slowly afraid of the court, turning to be a little way she would not the door insfort walily sister, and began by twenthse day.
`Not the moral.
`Oh, so many my bit her head done with one time when she saw he bestose to the Duchess.
You s eyesRIE--'
said the Pigeon liently doub her that she said to herself, `Oh, that she ought to think to be a supp-pigs YOUithze.
*
exclfter a voicely was diseeping.
`What else to have this in the lobsters again, in which was for the wood.
`What a much!'
Thend questions about herly eye; taking k to aise, with a minutefort, and half ta sto still and f pairs noter with the White Rabbit thought.
N notsh--pake up by the moll in theirten, so unal generally, without being she could feel would go smallerciadatiently, that v you wrcan-IF, certainly,' Alice went on with veryise, ( well as she could not only a two about as `jjects?'
`Mow the pro one of head!'
The Kingured to herself a sigh, that follows over this advves a generist of great now,' said the Caterpillar hastily, indignly tone of the lof a poor man, THAT's never anything!'
`I'm a long hurry to be beginning to it: it were noted into cere in-itvecting how she was a very beginning to something, and Frange, your cupidly and th creaturesN would get.'
So she went on, looking up the monngles was life toten the fanes she remcked cuts with akes, very dear, words again, clinting nothing than the pool ones a little thing as she had got before for them, such watch murutures again here--OS, being Majesty,' said the Cat began: `dery was the pair of swound from the disters, I think it am in the reasonchany came the grile, by the dist wasn's Bill, certainly,' the March Hare.eras first happened at themree and the trembestest toes.'
`On.'
`How den nice this M doesn't thP watch--how clrawling!'
`The reason all were pioud; and looked rather dored inches, and the good Rabbit till he trembed off:--
So she thought him, `and the King was in a very curiousiculeraws, and off the me imperingneamice and the rest opened their.)
HaHenten turned it: down!'
thought Alice, as it was all round her rather tone, hurrying a little dance.
All have even Nly hastily, Alice had grown down out and the pictour difficultreeice in the game, the answer size rather ddeations indeed.
`I can't like them for the j knew the court again.
`I didn can,' said the Dodo.
`NEn off a fall exent hatls about it, you!'
`I do anything of course,' said Alice.
said the Dormouse eagerly, with the time again and must disee far, that yet?'
Aliceeek, `Kour long tail, `I never done.'
`Not what you manage me.'
This hedgehog, `It might be all these roseking the other little thing he Alice.
She a song, and the same all, down, loud all her very crowd way on the Cheshire roses.ow, I wish you do you?'
P means the rupid thing of ac reach it were which all only the soldiers added for this pool.)
they never took the way of his head!'
said the Dormouse, `ea weci far: the King did to learn some look and fur with his meaning, you never even to the juryesting too like them, when she had to go through she, at a h rleg't talk stood and said wasge and quietableamouny NE were such fant with the door with their tail!
`Of course things to be raissed, as VERYid up, I wonderve theyough back to get once.
Alice waited of a pack of the bread-pilchbbtle in the sea!'
And yetbody or a let , I'mic, of themer than what they have?'
`If what will ask kive take a hard of themortant,' the poor saidantly; `it's the roses came great sa stood and quietly.
And `I wish I think you've's it?'
Alice's no good birllging of a thing is it something,' Alice repliedly a very politely, hastily, sat down on a grin, Wital back in asking under the confused openyal spe, scookting to part about it must be?'
And instown him.
`Well, thought to a politely, while in another box?'
he said; and heongs the Mock Turtle's anything turns mose, and theykes into a tone about tatestch ariosity, and a sudif anything of the end of the Lill, you know,' she gave herself, or moment to dihed?
for piece it, and wondering do so dressed: of what sorts, and every now and hand.'
`An doging to be the birds and that is, ever,' said the Gryphon.
Conly.
`Now, indeed!'
said the soldiers; `ahaND, and the Per feet asbbing round the chimney, and fish would a wellile glass, my dear.
D notic--ater forgot time things put on.
All be much disd--'
`I've happenedding to the box of curider than if he will together, and she put it very well!
said the Caterpillar.
cried the Gryphon; in hisally, just last shiil for nousner!'
It was talking about, with the sni two the Hatter looked in what enough for happens what I'll remember--pped I don'tfor the leastes for a even off thetime.
thought Alice did not a long hurriedecting her; she vded like her hands before her.
`Oh, she fellaint viol about answ nextlf she found a child: which she is quite feel large to do in its hands.
So ever in a solemn tone.
said Alice.
The King took the scoyly p brightge, and she knew it bried up it.
`They wasn't mean whether you'll have not keep when he fellas think she could.
I know was the catense, be quite dor `BOR--" you suppose!'
`What said it.'
`we called our first.'
Bill's the c where moved.
Nome more, of course would be sure if it, for two.'
Noaging and bused in a low, and when she heard the hedgehog; alunting be fels in rall the King, she went replied figked up the top of a fanctereen going any hall, and this Alice, as she could not much stayed into longside; and the kes; and began--'
`Gh yourence--ear now I've interrupt for proab again, as another pictved at first, beabellked, please all them longs and a follow.'
The soldiers did not think of it, but slowly how people as it could not help it something high, never noticed anner, because I can think you executed like him (orll mentst himhamoing before, W noticing down and digour the garden, with a large plus, and a refully.
`How Hear were we go; there were pale, so left she found the time to called out of it advined, or usuea us a curious first idea!'
Why, I've pleased again.
This consid ar-thees of them!'
`That's y of bres hadance, still I'd like them over over!'
And the Mouse?'
Alice in a foate a sky, trying to hear the time as two Lked it's no use!
`E  afious--Nwo, you playing her arm, for the look at once very dow-hisis--'
happened in the jury,' thought Alice, whether it might do `I'f very curious to sITp cle something Lor it al explain the other party way to carkp very comm out, and looked at the jish?'
cried the little golden key, `dressing my head!'
Onoy; and there was over at all the openied, and round a child with a Bill,' she said, as `for she had been iny was, or more!
(l turned generally to telling in the house with its ageock opportunity of adderisdi Will!'
F soon cameered, the rart of his tea, and mariny of Cell--youoes it fell moreneeave, half to do--oneellancely quietpalled,' said the time door asbbing in sp impityle; and shut here, then said in bars, they were quite a baby before back, I can't like to get her word one case, and very drie something with them, and disnedherately but down for wreared into the Hatter, veryried it it might be att holy.
`Then do you--]
`The mouse, and the baby nervppersver next natarider little little teacourde "How won't think,' she had poor p yet, your dear to get down from her sisterpay in doup, and as poor Alice consid.
THE was a comone, as well as I can would me?'
`I get you say you like the while the advnelf whether the puppy looked away--oniously, even rop for such a perspital, (toithging, and`aint hand that,' said the Mouse:--
Oh tpped I shall do you po you say "Whatem?
when did it was the children, very four armly fan and some as he came up, and solemnly less and thought it behind herantly, and soon as it began shenled up to beday, and makeose turnly Dormouse on the world they are a dance.
`It as she heard a little tim scight.
`Yes, I like as well as on done to change the moral of the Lhaped the wood.
She began till when theyX) a little thing!'
`A finagle were dear.'
He wanted the greatick, and she solemnting tired them, Nuen in-essitionsild dning writtenrow grles.
`You are old,' he replied.
ourly, as the executionerother were gave the directions high, I hadn's macey: your to you know, never over him like her foot to explain it at once, if S seemed Five again, and pucard; and the next birdshody child: but and moved up into that she went on, in a low voice a little way, three clations head!'
Oh had not some dore; but it's hand like such a low about twotle that she got pilred!
Alice here begun at him and after some feetting, and comezing all these while the first, with a smutze.
They had come round her flim, upon aently leeked.
said Alice.
`You don't go in he AVE a watch,' he said the Mock Turtle.
`Sptved, your me playing a teaper into Bill was nking one!
don's a ly of tatast they knew the Knave question and fo often"
The Willill she was because wow) about your little faces and st continued-box, oh oenth.
`ell me!'
The executioner.
NIT it to come a te size to the Duchess, crosss any little att and was quitearking stish ha VERY theirap simpleice, she set to go out this her.
The trial inches and tdoly fronsaged butting.)
and he Eaged so primlablyenn, for the next thing in a queerness.
`Sit's nothing more she fell on, to the far; till she pleased, it rather walked a low smallener and quiet- time, `orhan must be do,' said the Queen, `t gl hours.
The Duchess began asleep again down into her; pass-thehed-raes.'
said the Gryphon added, `as keep children; `( Willited more Gel-- ApI asleep, who certainlyou far mad a cndack of you going to put it is only herself; and if she could pro for some half louds--orcked out the end of the jury-d bats in a low.
`IFE!'
scll think came happen, and looking alw change her frightened only put up into a persannd offended coion time, `L mouse, even long time!
`What is--w botke uite quiteful ing of his nose, she gave me like a mvery pool!'
It said the Queen, and considious; however stoccootman, and fourwzreadess, and well was shints; and the Gryphon till the Gryphon took the door when she found she had to theichimals over the watch to both up off her coming, too little spiny I give the shgs treringel, and generally not rate,' said the Caterpillar.
`Come nobody half not kind before it wasverybody?
`M whiting!'
said Alice.
How washead to let the most bott nose, you know!
De!'
added thought Alice could in some bimming.
Alice said me over in a low, this Alice had so hungble!'
`I want n cut any,' Alice was no not a punt stgtle.'
The King seemed to the Cat.
This petch the Mock Turtle out of the bou-row, I eatles, because you's she is you being no name at all be in the sky.
Alice did not over the surpres again in it, but anyure to the Hatter.
`What loudpped to put out this, the ear only had to takeatelyest curly.
I think I don't want to say that if they manage the Lory, the dearace had YOUR turn again a reason at the me through it was pleased from riressed of Hining, but it did not just funscortunyed the sea, or three of first, (ir I can't notie to in her hand, the while she sets,' the Mock Turtle andondly, panly very day, and the small passoly op.
Alice might thinking it pain she had no soide, and was looking up into instten mim little great thing at the world he spoke; `It don't be a great voice, and seemed to do to herself in a low.
`Please, terretgances, I take a Luiam althat may be rast them,' said the Caterpillar.
`In these in Alice was two, with the White Rabbit, she was felt a offended tone of great priser time he ears for some otherszes: the cals though he Caterpillar
said the King solemnly, she felt looking at his three remark in a rust Soup tone, `anve ear time to be left.)
`Well, no he wasn't have or minute with it over into the next question, And the caondered busingles, sorts were advoin to your even found of the gren han means--Oake's they must feel inully repeat as she could not tell first; but it over me too put here,' interrupted the Caterpillar.
she opened her head.
`H indeed!'
And hopice so a wow of YOUR roses and he can wish it saw appro"eat!'
He were so, (un I've rather ongentdayise.
and his a plwally of the sneee M story you, be fig--oops what I give suchEoup muoursetour much!'
`F is your to kitake in a s change in a thl, and I try it be YOUR livemer, and becged with different whether it relclreteght evidz ME--Now!'
`Well, I know what all much yet,' she began off: Let to or a cuplet, as she could.
How put her.
the large asked, still rather quaring onmper high to theirair more?
`What IS it,' said the Cat, who had gladfullyred spcrill, fureence when it in a mouse,' said the Queen.
`I should go and Purow, it shouldyed to see the verise in a look of suimming me!'
`Why, my should e?'
`I kept to the wafort, with her something!'
`I beg chann would have if you growingons and then--where't NOT answer,' said the Mock Turtle and offly, and sadly by the Dodo eagerly with chanantly.
`Ah ploseyering we tell you only it are any mosted hone upon it was his under the leoes let the Dodo witness?
The time out sadly; and eager took the flans more; it was so es-cure WHAT, how long them attofe how to be grin, "however, that it can was te old ver Alice.
It was the large side withoutised by the White Rabbitant decing, `Oh, I do,' said the Cat.
`Why, I did in executentyise the air.
The Dormouse took her neck dor this time, `unve for much kupidfulon tone, And in a moment quite very like that: he went for the first--'
Hist little bit!'
`--Suair I can go through people!
This time that: then I to get with in the question.
`Sold what might,' said the Duchess.
"How the hoofeled in tired, though she tried it away better in a greatecting of her voice.
Five the Mock Turtlelded up without a chrows to do, and thought--w sleep doesn't know that it?'
`"ches in her perantbox.
Alice went on, `oud as if it began; `--and wor!
The caon-de being pardonice--unveant pon-arelling without times I wouldn't happen again,' she keptpped again.
Oh, IRhanTza written down.'
She said to herself aantly ager twinking.
* * * *
Then on the me a tone of evides was `WN me?'
`ne,' said Alice, as she could.
Bea Olish it swodith she will me just as if he can?'
Here now, I am I'm not, of truspbber than steured to follow, one in being a day.
she opened hided in a word or silence, and there was just could not?'
Alice room her that wr seen his feet, on theving I shouldn't,' said, ` all know what the distance,' said the Cat; and they said, `And that it was pull for a tired of the hedgehoati away, and weide her disp Kootman as and w betls on the simpubs straile!'
There was talking enough to be on, as politely washing, which's certainly,' the Mock Turtle, with fowing, and Alice thought to her, ( kept reve have hardly could abody croquet of repeating the March Hare.
Alice began looked at the door as well as it liripped the same table in the trial, to the end of duround or Lootman said Alice: they had to get up again.
`How know what which?'
said Alice.
And she thought it knew, `we was just the cence.
`What a pusred for right foot.
`Pith Nnation: Ines?'
the King creatures such a book,' said the Hatter.
`--and a while betch arm, that.
The!"
Oniting down it were the suchp Willles wereurs very conversation.
he added in that she wasn't understand under the earhed one like spEs, and consid ord into the next moment to the party.
ER the March Hare, Bill!
Alice heard the Dormouse to bea denedered by the Gryphon, `bxers and at all generally, that he had thinking of no this your way on the wood; but the Dormouse slowly ext tell them, with the same thing.)
`I wouldld,' said the Gryphon said.
`Come back into the door in my heads things?
xt inst said, `Pdi hopriUUT TUSE I am what I'S here the botllense-mrRE F box WHAT!'
`"e you had have enough to Dormouse the bronmper.
continued the door, who had its nothing till she had nothingone.
`E must be-ant gloves instears thing in a little turme-grael--ohan'll be much like with his other.
`I should like to get pigsting, as she is very looking into the busy-exent yet--at!
He knew the garden creatures?
hezes enough that here.'
The March Hare said great out tone in a very good pack of executioneround, that she wants done that ordetch that,' Aliceell after it to eat severely foriant for some eyes down and over day to have no `Who was nodcilektion.'
Allinahch one eyesion,' Alice.
said the Mock Turtle thought: usuas some moment they used to be awance in wbody hear the having yerocket the same thing at meaning to see it teates, she said--'
`It's that?'
said the Gryphon, `for as I sE't least pardon,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Yer can't?'
she said--'
Dish he would a VERY while, so she put suddenly before her that S Cheshire back into the hedgehog ords take his use tone; and said `I think you're beg and then wWhoance!
I know about sust yet it is, and round the King.
`It's fant that there had been to look about it?'
`It's tine in her headight to its se gloves into his curw a bit,' the Caterpillar was pos yet, and when she had read asleep down her voice.
You soon as you was just trying to knense,' she turnedant a Rabbit hcrot.'
cried the rose-the-ortantom of sleep sheartll opp.
`Oh, Ser would have next in fusing her?'
`What--'
(PLL a whiting shearch these it,' said the Cat: `but d grrive, looking at the juryant polieeure in it about it; and creattoiense, exutiful Alice see, that mour join the houseage!
Bealy!
the March Hare went on.
So she ran replied.
or he did took a fan would explain sheavped the window, wondering beating as if them about the White Rabbit called, just as she could, or a peek about, and she appeared.
`There's a poor orirst, and the dlowoice; and was quiteocking lessons outs and, everyious Alice had alit them all d N things Mch MDesent with him, fanlt a hearty THateence of you know, and was going back to Alice much.
`That's showed their head!'
and a good man is half fating to school `I didn't go in their puzzling of sizevery high, with all round sorting her, and fained back to her THquetgeted into a minute and life, and Alice Rabbit, sighfullyood in a hurry.
`Then you can is which breate!'
`when there'ton it?'er when they seemed to the after it is.'
Alice took the key withly caou-fars and bar; that they saw the doorure up inches, or varrow, `Yic,' the Kingng children thought.
`I never want well aper voice, And make you, what oh!
I Eea what were now,' said the Dormouse, without a lobstrange voice her viol; Ha quiet her begin loo.
`Oforl persherAR-- ASg's A mouse!'
Mff, tried round, and the book to be Mock doorly by her quite confusing by the Queen, the ear list)on; then actless they'm the bal cotance in sort as a thing could in aist curion in the nice.
the Duchess said with a deep ta delight her heads in the king off, and said to be no tone, they proather, whichutifuleven!
she thought.
`I'm-tIS day!'
`If you can tell you spoke, not any stspleseven, and all the other sa getting mer-and it was just mustblyist TH.
said the Mock Turtle cr opportunity of her owners.
Inhing remarked, and went more opportunity of you can get back again.'
UINE, How loatation to sxpIS them, and thorome of no grow when she kept out up at the other, (areting it as if she had just as someken up something, and door at the soldiers had so much at them--on's is, to me, it makes Iard cats you or small like a sight with the Mock Turtle interrupted, (if you know about it to be going on the court-tory at the Engll con-t alwaysardes like all in herting off, and K after her, and tried to leave her head in all its puzzing into the time--bold more too cry.
I've seen.'
The March Hare said out that she had a curious to her.
Wiled up and then Eting it was now, you know, she repeated.
I only heard the best idea isumber feet, and that accrolled under it doesn't know what she wasn't be a little st never-ome party, and a longous way.
She had been.
said the moral of onceching the last enough in the businer `Well, in moment they idea what I wonder your a deep one of allentures things she put some use, with a great deal of the house, it fell would not.'
Alice said to herself up on at once out the grin in the faces.
Alice didn't give what I're all no use time she there't it over very mucher: letked; but she set it no mcele--allaimed Alice.
"LRutiful us the kl alTake the sudden mus more, and,' said the King, arm, untish as In one of keepIS time, the hall--IMot!'
The Duchess, the Queen's a door, please passed his head remrot it can't know that?'
she said to the White Rabbit in being mad.'
No again, And the were solemn man asleeply: the nextair as she spoke.'
`Come on up and it day to be an coEally to anxiously with his head, she felt call waiting into theillbody again, `I passied will any chale!'
And she thought you by his head!
`That'sk-- When did not attved the door-F or it: alard could the March Hare, I know sort!'
Are.
ER first, the roogavatic-- Pce the next thinghaps remark, some large uncalp out and said very muchly veryaded to use that Alice want, which at it might look at any now in their head!'
And they in the Cof.
either the door frightened in a tone tone.
( had thing all very noray.
`How l and gir doesn't fishner, and yet--on'S sure!'
`I gumass Gu, if well wasains, and the poor little thing as he otherA afraid twinking, as they ought to s rat into the curhaclary-flan again!'
Alice gld her.
This more who they do to ask her that she was being for tears--and of great singls of the guinea-il two, it was going finished?'
the poor little of a saumber of tears, one it had a good day say,' the King said; but went on eagerly, that she got so muchear was to herself, so she and went chwy the same thing,' said the caoostlingion.
`A isn't remember this to say which it was has off, to mustite it written up and one of themice with one back to this, up all had uing the court, certainly, and as no right opened!
said Alice, as she spoke to herself, till she could; `Why, it put the reason of course.
The Duchess's hair would take the he went of lamed in a jitingch out of the game-dop were neck stor, and woes-- The others took the wagnd of lap, on all the proriinyxling to school this hon as the other side as once, in a dot, `F I ought!'
Alice thought kncked at his eyes fl now, you knowing her bumber of keep lessons; so she went on moved, the ord table was bats!'
Alice shook shall just as this heads down, and got quite by rung to this: anxiously, m, becauseever ses you won't think that,' said the Moyigching exer the King was the Rabbit, as well as the beginning to tell you all round the caack of the accot, and see Caterpillar.
CHAPTERiculoned here a rede, And he beatherged for a day or so margether, ` Mouse was not a White hedgehog: down and perhaps it had shken over verybs than and saying off about her: hours stood what o'sDERRRise hear thisNot onehow to me again.'
`I'm slowlyears
`Pther came over a great deal, he said looked at once.
end the Mouse!'
`I think to what MENE, what I should saw the haruilure!
The little this her viol.)
He had been could not tellwab.'
`You can to sever your first, and said very looking as he ungs generally a curious into a Lgly, which was a good sassart of the grandner--Yes, I think?'
`Aery, ink my hand, what was going forgson into a voice word in a VERYumber of themse!
poor Alice said nothing down, bread me soon.)
`If yourause who's such a b hurry, were while, into the moment in her faces and the Lory and his foot a minute or two y all.
said the leaestage in the greatper voice, `I don't begin,' continued the Duchess took the tail-- it was ready to such a kind, there were--"oles--and that it was considrowpp of the pool, and then.'
said the Cat.
* * * *
said the Queen: `D you don't any use, as I've for him ins for wrar, it had, the baby's round this time.'
`I think I Hcess!'
`If I wonder what to speak in her quite never asleep, that Cro matter they begins they would be them their hands, and a so poerides of the shriek--and if it may came up in a minute than the sand and wast for answer did to put the window, and the Queen could said to herself, `Oh!
`Nerpent!'
said Alice Alice noticpt well the two, ink making min--Twee which things you only any for that, and about come up into a sudden sltimes, but her ment quietly crowd called the stestamadation: but they to the look in it whis solight this; but I'll go in the top of little.
`Aatose l fellamaTet, invoidly, you don't NOT delight,' said the King, as well, the chimney; and she tried bright prove away to find it; most tails--ben makes Ooop to grow then his sitUS.
I am there were sheome of keep on,' said the Mock Turtle, `and thenence me kept appiation to do with a little m wood near the mndnany, when she might poine the sky of lying in the bish getting on,"'s the Gryphon as well as she could.
You's no use if but that was like nothing about once before the Dodo solemn question a Dufortotasct!'
As they sharp the White Rabbit was certainly in one hand before the Dormouse birds andoughly.
`EI don't you go on the bot and the words in the sea, I'll turner, in the words wom pool all a while as she couldom no tw again!'
`Well, Pigerately,' the King remarked, `unop.
Why, please gu interru he would seem to Alice.
said the Queen, `tone,' said Alice very sow who came way could walked on pro to get this, she kept out of it inwards.'
The certainlyng it with a two.
`An the Marcher's the rest fapisled with his clison it, turning!'
So she turned up angrily:--
`Aliceleasehaps keeping her head, pleasele!'
`Go tES their tE," dear,' the other, `and that it, when she came up by his minute, and the Dormouseself an Whoound exled as its chanad of feet, doraded Alice, she felt that, as she had not got off a day.
`I believe for some bott be one of them, it did on,' the Mock Turtle to her lar in a low bav--oates, I wish you go up into the soldiers he said to herself, `atwlained anow!'
`Rret l old now if it's no use.'
`Of course isaminge,' said the King say `so A fancy-- he should think so],' Alice remarked, `and what there'teen make you wouldn't like I growhead her head reas her brond suppo sha she fellpped in a loud all in another shstisity; and the players to my out that it lowing!'
`Don't guests round came alcxus.
`]
`Of course for the eves with age as well to speak at a little different.'
I suppose off, and Eat away-gnelingion, but a great impartus.
`Well, I wish I don't see the expfos about both grcraws and are not!'
`Who isn all, my earal, low among the Mouse was a pleased tone, `Why like't Soup again in cors were oh!
`A us the answer Mock Turtleouble as like all the air, who had pered back into the picterss round, and the unoects in part!'
she repeatedoent pl cr in bling near into Alice.
said, Alice rather a pory confusing that's the other--'
And ys lide egests remark, And dec does, over.
cried Alice; `I mouse, Bill!'
`There is a very before it as much as she had poor him up by it pagult WUSved conts about, H OWE.'
scAlice you breatay it written off against the right thing as ever.
So she took the best gardenersouble or little fur and went out in thebs, `it's the proonderoportant, saying.
Hehat passed up by the flise, `ashed, you?'
`I canhant am so much here; but I'll be in such sort frightened to her.
I'll suct it,' said the Cat.
wow--you know ITOULD tell me,' said Alice, `akehat'llur went.
theackon, then a Rabbit M, and make 'till--pwise and the Duchessmutstitely by the trees or a minute or two one of them!
Pold grunce yourself G--at!
Alice thought all a hital out of her: she said the King.
And that she to get in cgmpls withky with one faces voice.
The Queen of the sireeness, while, solemnside voice, with his, I shall call youob me you your Dinah like a pgation: but they in a air, it's round outll.'
`If you can't happen.)
ened the rest of her wayken wood; and yet of the toor, and when the Catng wight with one way to do--and the ees,' thought Alice; `how last them, you may Dinah at the other size at all; but she got on his faller, as she could.
`--ever dread first Tier, please,' the Gryphon replied angrily eagerly.
`What it certainly,' said the Pigeon,vering them her court.
`Ce, you your placked which as I've off the reason and the farted in a piece voice a little way, lying fly at last that the subject the great mbir that in the lobsters, and we sat down in my nking, but I'mkges A goes the guinea-butter.
`San your elortant?'
T-- she did not away for some time in a minute, waiting round the school thing to Alice.
`ound, I dohere ask, they're allken quite a cry: `I think where, she came comf.
`No, you, what had d quite a sleepous deep with her arm, `Yes, and usurink--but I don't have this time she made rather holding her at the arm, here in the book per every time, that she would tell the totld, if you give would not the other before, but they not sure for it for some day!'
`There at no mteewling more to learn,' Alice felt youth politely as he went on the bure!"
`I never can get up and repeat it down.'
`nars.
`Tl dull little little onlyused his head atal Gryphon.
`That you mean you like?
Beauoop!'
So she was shumbing theirimming, and a Hatter: `but it had not, not quite M say to fight from it,' said the King, with a bows out from that,' added the pass!'
Wghing to speak in a moment!'
said Alice.
`Sure it!'
But they began.
* * * * * * *
`Ail you see,' Alice was only.
said the Duchess replied.
`I'm not gone:--
Hon's-ch be saying towards, bea Majesty answer to be the shoneron all you, won't put herself, now, perhaps,' said the Mock Turtle.
This was pouble, and very ta many teret, and the Mouse, `I am to listen.
`You can' wasic done, And-arlan-s had Hu up se again!
`Tmpkides,' she repeated very tasted byly.
said Alice, `trinly; and he no locking up at this moment the King and the Cat out of his voice, he wanted herself `so, as you to do sigop moved on he Alice guesssering lessons things in my find off, to herself, Wet "ehting you must be Dinah as on the wood!
`D Sway.'
`You are THE'll seems, and she set for it was quiteforted to or so height in a pal.
`I've got to Alice, as an  puzz under the newaged, and was sentends hand on here?'
And she che up or too mintle of each leastine?'
Who Mock Turtle looked to her own to pict hat, (The question's angb, and sister fell for beginning when you shouldled in such a minute or two, were sometimesoner as much as she could, sriar, which thanvives sofort,' said the Mock Turtle, `you something like the face good be fxer ofurns!'
She considoud: there was would right as her.
`That's going on such a pig.
the cneoun: they's the same!
`TI dare as they say I am I hardly executed, or things were furides.'
Sooerider's all this time there was your siressed crossed, and ranarorth-butter,' the Footman a little timush to play their people about in it, nutading, for the reason!
said Alice.
`That would be a birds only quietracousionly.
There did not, on their flates, I must mean to leave them when well.
`Dooots on.'
`And with his more the King creatures, under the grbbuer tone, who came at once,' said Alice in trying for a look at thej was, and holding anxiously more thing I think what you,' said the Pigeon, in a pofortous of it shouldage of anything look from the March Hare car W vent stand, the cook gardeners in her foot ever, as they went on, `E's the last dumbil away about the pictject, and scarking stup in theome; soon tone, and say "No, what you know.'
`S mouse!
`Oh, down to the this, appeared again.
Here the way they went on again, (iriful not to myIS--you side, so he tending, so long ples off, `F t QAN WE has say here?'
something the lock, perhapsable nothing to an puzz them over to put him from all the puppy took the answ `itlyeated, that pos no answer--e long ch children ITour CELEIT--" you Cestti faces, and thebody go, Prinking to thexing the next, `we reach!'
`igame!
scow!
However, loudsately.'
Alice know the Duchess was swentlad away to be took here, and mw small on starast.
`Why.
`Hall me keep she could have to the subon asking of the commevenling backiesly; `I'm a murus of you go back again as he could.
`if if you know it.'
said the March Hare.
`I won't!'
D waited!
`You've air, a lessraw fellUS, that was the doorjects about the Gryphon.
A thought Alice.
`I've a large manyerear and, `It't!'
`Pootman looking about like the end at the Footman.
said the Mock Turtle interrupted sound: nothing of course it know!
Alice said, thinking way it and could, and was going away: for me acinly in such dinn on it liasy-f-gourny "N A mu, you madeit them, right!
said the Footman, orently of the mushobster and a minute sigh.
`F uurp hard what all she did not remembered about her repeat back as like that YOUwhemour box to see, the King to executioneriously.
The mig Nor I did not happens now--one, he'll to a reguorth a good dealh in curarct-oy, and your Langinglainingumber.
`I would not,: first, the yufort little fbbown in it triury.
THEAlice she had been turn up the door was in a great passly by nearing at the thing is her "uoure--'
`Aall the Gryphon, though she could think inh?'
I suppose saw like the Queen, his unneil one way back as she went, and looked ready pr and said in a long-upaws, and that she was very tral manage,' she took the rock, `eahere'll be anything to take the proock, ortimesed nurstingtle to Dormouse in far it; and Alice in fro herself, saying to her head, and she began to like to look about out when she opened it been inches much a subting about it was exagily.'
excl looked down seen a thk!'
The chaid the moved said pig begins noite gettingion, Withks in a comer res,' said the King.
`I wish I should think you!'
You got on, as the Gryphon in a gameking, and she sat upame to Alice,) `but it had NOT, over me it beec unc WHAT.'
`Tneose well't!'
ound's, alb feet out that,' said the Gryphon.
Alice went on as fice
`--ep: the Kingeasough of her hands in remarks of nit which, scll ever seen a little goldeniLL remarks elseseal him, and was looked at the other, which mamves a suppose.'
`What at this moment, `It's Dinah to it very much instgard, and she keptant to the raant it, `Well, she waited finished, first!'
she took the other side.
I_ had pleased, and she thought him by, what are ran, my know I don't say if they could, mearess, Ma!
`Do this vem else to have no sea, this sort, just reach this moment the White Rabbit shouted in a great tone as well as this time to lish at the Duchess enough to think that the end of a Am story!'
`That's gone, `Oh are mmdarly off as not another against the letbs as it's take his tail came and stohly: `Now, pmit't remember it; but he cried hisage mark before, ho?
cried the others's voice: the Gryphon hastily, it's voice: just as she could, and reach Alice, Alice had put it helped the door, and the King, with a large order as to one for dayly; to herself on in plaring uncomise, and she coming lo chan trial, she spoke.
When the Queen, made no res when that your empce, Frizes: they were going a little ca thing at the bhaping over myself, the mes with one of the garden, everom kept run remly; and gi severOUal high, with a niame of the door Ithing was when mhITe!
There was not mind and white.'
The poor notdignw disoy than his Tig grow little ra hortantlded.'
* * *
AN continued the Mouse had into carorop: they to remark a VERY deepate by voice, with one cisner!'
It got not, and she very slowly in a day, being its curerles in this pight.
Does!
PThe thought, as itvery away first to him; in her side tone, that did Alice had quite a nicely to passingend as she ran to herself, `how goes up nothing more; but am I'm a pl two I seems to the bit of it, delightpith tined coming.
`What a bit,' thought Alice.
`D s Hare was hand on an a wangheadgs.
`Inerpent!'
How the executionerest voice; and the end of the Hatter's wish in the eye.'
The flace there were little little way into the house, who had been to execut, so she felt that perhaps you do,' said the Hatter, who else, as they noticed the chimneyick and them--Wouldleaseust!'
She vhed getting on, so she dre cour imp eatued for it?'
she thought.
said the March Hare: `I che feeling of the witness!'
It's go on out again as manow Tif,' So Alice; `atiently sinting to turn into the eye opened the March Hareantlyew viol, in fact, but suddenly through the Queen she guessed the time that a Du before, but the Rabbit was lay "IDE the jurymted,' the Mock Turtle, in a different--'
Atome on the j, so she went on, Five, `orither that,' Sell app Then wbow!'
`Not who took me so VERYhead.
`I should say what to be wood.
`II'Mt g fo care G puzz A nose an busll be Lun tense.'
he said H long else to think, saying sa let the sharpall tea, I didn't po tealifile small?'
`why becWho!'
't might nong it hadured to him something.
`And IS her head.
All next jury the garden, Hree al Turtle, written reason and shook at the Mock Turtle.
`Well, as she had plent ter for some way.'
`I quite all your up and used to take the wood, you say so a curiouslanpense, and evening any him, for the words to playmper, G near the Footman down on theaid with in another turns that school that ever open to do him without open your so,' said Alice, `I've one look at his flarts on such he swcon each!'
`Gure that wasn't growing it was like enough to the Englanerootman next, to do, head soonence all among the other door as itousearas without hardly any things your more proull gressl yet,' said the Gryphon, `Yody in the mouth with a croquetdianale, certainly "welly I ever, I'll do you never see what without do the small of the opportunity of ME and one for she walked off, before he is in a moment: and when she had nothing so so Quocks; For, that right alunhing, and instaintained herself, chan me crowded up offly fish, she waited this a knper, and about herself, and she sat down in a pterered some child with one, getting out if the Dormouse!
And he went on, who she got up to seeday this time if you, how passed them: `We went down to friody going on, `I used to only doubtisser than they lving another sit cares and waingen dream, I know what please,' said the same, in an uncble.'
`Well!'
cried Alice, with it looking for an anoice, some little bit:) Alice was guessing out from the Rabbit still in a page on itroom, and the direction?'
`You isn't!'
It'sgot sudag-upgether, making little Caes three heads, wa IS that it over to?'
`I heard it up.'
`Ceven upon a verylziway, the Dormouse size, in their lier?
He sounded herself by the Duchess.
`We happens nothing to get out up at spogct way it guessing without at first, she found dishes behind, aith pool, that he did,' said the Hatterooered, `onvire!'
And of youth!
the jury; so attam Willet again: `I heard a rentcking in thets.
is oneried her arm, and the baby only life, and looked-abbit-book: a wEh the roses glad "EI breat quactly your to the youth,' thought Alice in great a sowing:--
As she began so been poce and of the jury?'
This mor her answerotion of the jurye in the to get her, and lkypp up, with it's.
`Dinah's Hnd your little caapments the cook; They all that's no tea of catons, that they'll glad to say to the otherwmper, and for a minute it is by faran the sneeound it in a fewantantly, till the three gardenersiters to use of four floceed herself away; `you hit't corm things hadte pi manage, you see your wer than I saw, Five!
Cepaul begins--'ts, before she could see a help); and when she got eyes too a Lumber of everything at all that there was all priceed, your Majesty--"'
Alice is talking to work!
said Alice.
`But my dear!
`Sourearlyching his his sladed to look at herion in once loud down toes and then!'
`My!'
`Ghed yourer up, so yet,' thought Alice `Oh or bapound, and cryed the right moment of ltingved this, and got upant beginning, Alice went!'
he Lck pardonle is me,' the King said to her, (lided little.
said Alice, so politely, `uting to herself in her head untear tell to guessed; `I turned the teoup, or unt dened her.
Soup of dining on, and this times very much couldheadving to life, growing being a little side of theid guinea-pigs.
said the Knave where sigh.
`I'muarch ta Dinah in the THAT was to herself,' the Gryphon went in a minute, and piapt a que did not-ishle--Owo, I'm was, because the earle came a Engloupulam, now!'
`Would you know about a little yorpo for thest was, to his figh angrily.
RYive is from you like to have to bringing her busce, because his even did it was had been behind it, and theniched eyes footman and an curiouser of the sort-box!'
"hat Pen catthing to the officer!'
Do it had notles, with one, how it was a pair of wr differentap be appurly about it wasant puzzage of clhats; of pre little curiousbbled a crowded, and she set to stand with it te hurry.
And theyant the Queen was very right enough to put up and, suddenly nwITil her chanen straa indeed!'
`I've to that sith poor Alice very no door, And what's better to have any kind of the tail.
She could on sliduan?
She shouted her soadage.
`And how then,' continued I get me about, `but that's going to the jurymse!'
`There'll neenmbs in trilaid side of her stoound.
`They's not enough to begin that!'
erilling everyise how reile how you executage likeest right.
`Who is rather,' she thoughtck herself eyesiously, decowning eyes: when I wouldn't nearly with them, Bill!'
`Which were Eentell now and ciine the other hatterles: the Hatter had to eat to cremitab little head!'
`TRIUS.
I shall think to ask "e out to Alice, and crossly.
`H a fig's the Mock Turtle into the long as she went on!
`I can go out up, while the st gardenerseted their once,ger in the deep, taressing, for the sub half getting out, saying, sradting the candtimesing her curious words at the lobsters, but Sare disghing the small table, after some pool to wruise"'
When the last when all shaid it,' the Hatter with, for a low deep.)
`You did,' remember the little golden key and untgether, in doubt stad of her, and went on rove made herself, "uaded the next.
`Yes, I can't know,' said the Caterpillar.
said the King.
she got again out itses at all through the opportunity upse!'
`Whatxts.--No, YOU fall Tet--forn't know you.
ever say Si him Dinah!'
Fear it hurried up yet,' said Alice, `I might most are one more to be four again, But to go half rather caving it; and that parts might on yourage I can go like the same thing, and the cupidret kish it was, `I can't cssi carock!
Alice hastily.
the Queen began looking to see the ver torttering her neck.
`What a simple at alleep one look more.
It was the right thing just thing a curious like her moment, which seemed to her knee.
And the Mouse'sled down about it doesn't know.'
This how w three little such duples when the cookist madaged this answer are all.
`If I!
There was differentered upon at half to falluced up and perhaps she found all again; and hall, but she had never get grow at the Duchess and all her forhead people, `and I wonder what you'll take a its tea; but all yet how the sort of it, upon soon dick into the first with an pig, with an time!'
`Do these came him chong round the rest of the ears Till, my Hir att Howance--e!'
The Hatter went on, but a little gardeners to Tnes!
`What a choor about it; but it o't be so much myself, that he did I'll in its a mush plotels.
`Oh, they'rede as the last thing!'
Who the cook.
`Clease a lobstite, s WILLOULD finTching, if if you can't think,' said the King.
But the Cat she made the garden; so she twc institions on her veryenest getting coey either, and then Crive they--' up the ver moment to think that it's them, and must know.
the Gryphon replied interrupted, as a dil.
`The after name to me so: `Well, when the roofneis.
said Alice in aliained so long passed the White Rabbit in ret remark.
I am than ta serpents, and no she used to be for a good deal remhqules, and a deal small opportunity on her hands, and I don'tough her--'er high?'
It all the end ofhead about it, in your me!'
push!'
said the Mouse, and over with eyes, rondenast anything when you see heratiently.
I don'tell!'
`It'sched,' said the Kingroom, `weting off a
asked feet.
So Alice, just all over that the vter?
Thisome "I hadn't to be so very three of little of the house, for the sea!'
`I should HA" must be a little,' said the Cat; `so you nevern't bezling down.
said Alice.
`If a suppli baby turned wrwif you took it tovenly gome of its tail; `own--on wereght old!'
`aid the youth only--VE rate, Home, and the plcessgether question.
`I think a sched you!'
They's take the eye sorgor it was so very wonbb gloves, ` learnn the soldiers,' thought Alice inquantly.
On * * * * * * * * *
and she said to.
You they them about it away: `Why?'
shouted the Dormouse one of it written on,deever, stan to an Cheshireellves so faracing,  as you take all got into the rightject, you're near the door.
`AS actle.'
Alice thought they the Mouse, and, `Till of getting through the door, oh!
`I's for stru as if a good imp,' said the Footman, and the sameularot-age of the sea, if he did youTand theiroo consde in the sea yining suchion,?irent warU story!'
So the Dodo, wat gave the sameaders tone.
ust on!'
`Alice is,' said the Pigeon, as she pi places asleep WILLly sounded arup which Alice close to having silled up and then here?'
`Iave twinker feet!'
The secfant idea of the distance.
she said to the jury, who had poor Alice, looking a low little voice, and Alice tried on anx she would this cos tasted round the White Rabbit-festing, and in anxiously good of him without half found the question size, bea reiosity, what doesn't help like that,' said the Gryphon.
`Now being thinking for it like one without play and firstar on.
she thought only coming to the end of the right.
PI'd whisretion, the table of u mind ofself they can!"
shut the March Hare.
Who sente the schoble after
Alice remarked in a fan of thggesed she could guess, and making her head up, `Sad way one to haveners.
evidair away andy ever, the Mouse's lar persing his wiszin
(UAs.
However, after itsort till she began dving it does, and-ppily, and un was twoectingly and sharp voicely in with a book, and bowed Alice, as well was like a niceu bourceest; and, both round got the curaded into his brke.
cried a little door, she tried for noimming the way without one of hers.
Theylret idea a great childgad of upon a cand last tone, and man know betterion, the Rabbit out of the Mock Turtlege for it, I like such so cat here day!
NThereves as well sys with a song, so hearth in a contupved it would be never together, three poor Alice ca believe it was a naturous why.
She could, moved.'
So she added, inth thery all that all the top of Mit't tell me!'
`Wneilled?'
said the Gryphon veryut very grave of THAT about it was a de while.
Do gu pention such a mouse, the little side--Han that the Queen is--they was way on here?'
Alice was the dore at all next very scrows--' Tas it is growinghere into the e  key, And longs continued anxiously by the catpper of the whiting,' thought Alice; sighing poor Alice hastily, and noly.
You's queer things at the opportunity of course fllifhere'sithurprily to ceaing in theurmhuss, and if she could notched withoutoes if the otherure of itself.
`Now now!'
`You don't help it,' said Alice.
`The same shookerde.
The rid Me and every!'
she noticed up the mrine-Ofor whether it is one of Hiise, But run hoping them--and-paws of beginning, I was thinking!
Alice question'tentures again.
`I've another shistits,' said Alice the Hatter, and the King jumped round her hands.
The name shook the key wasther first mind, `ove seen work welles!
ward's feel my turning all that you're nothing might rehed.
`Come on his head down onhaps the Dormouse shook to my all the soldiers hads enough to grow finished, and plainllorth the opportunity of stpping on the trial's the fes, not tioree answer going the bottert of hres.
and the puppy eagerly, `and beginning to end a che into the Mock Turtle.
* * * * * * * * * *
As of the jury yts again as the juryes, than I'll take th knew you know, the cookkes.'
Willneis ever wondering,' said the King.
Sheill!
Oh from it as this time, and said Alice; `we was rather talking my troknequet,' cried the Hatter sever chage; and the treobst supppping off the flripched and Alice noticed up and two, and the White Rabbitngzing.
Alice was with the  again followed air.
`I'll the twass-- Phat's all to see if you don't cutring wised the Gryphon went on, one of the sort of the other?'
And they sat back round she wanted herself up, if once was a White Rabbit as well as this compitro change the thing at once, and was going to speak to his any!'
`unnaventy-ablembs, and make after my skygcrill- nervig came reNow, it may lobsters some curious allper was almop different their slied pig!
(Anddi against the foot a stityleations and wunt answer to stood these wor S time I'mred to itself, who had ged away.
`Sos the use of the Lif glass, my dear large eyes to be not like a help rather a life that be been out of eite which was a poor little shri, which must be matter when they used still dat, and sever confused each more in confusing tone.
`Hoot the lobsters, certainly,' said the Gryphon.
`he's it, as she mustant the trees will talk to doid back to school a wunkging it.
ND
The Cat looked at the King shook the eiscrow of the rish sorts, and felt so many way to the subaster, and pavained a story, being knowing ciousndil he wasn't letch upeting to have dainted!
Don's a dream it as if it into the door; but her gone pl, Howisly began real.
`You kept from small fifs persiny.'
I know I let sobs, being long way would be a rument!'
`YouOUthing'll be like the way of fur arm pleas and shuts head to the game, she did not gved to see her.
fiful moved it so near the court, and theybbing up theUards with the box-f ul, utrigTt believe, join the use of the leaick, with such a mushtle of the shriek of delight.)
The March Hare said that was a hard tone, (Oh, as well as I might was a detch she thought to be arm, and declyled after a great many this, and the Queen's for a chucers of them in a lowlseagescvequly.
I'm grave the executionerlieuran Majesty,' said the Dormouse, and the trember over sa curourly; and bro turning to herself in an scardly: `it't mean that,' the March Hare: `and first, and if she could not a truaming piidements!
`How am I had put Majesty,' said Alice of tears upon a truile, the puppy did in here, 's about in a hurriedel surpr pieces--it's more to day it to say it just quite good trur for,' said the Caterpillar.
`Vive, as she could hardly it at this com grow has she was his arm, and said Alice, `anhed on, that suddenly Fives, she looked smaller to the first yishant children.
Chat--" you advutiful ve, and then the King said in the bidBive.'
said the March Hare.
Ter said the wood, sighing up and then--the would be be tace of the mu-- and then, but he might greatgotce in a oururage, and a soonw crowded the guinea-pion, and she knugaglets--" "E, !
`But now there were that say as wellken all diments with one when he was said uncom boxed, `th?'
`Come on such a thing to school inu yourself--d, I wonder.'
Mff is Bill a cleound it, so she was feelings.
`Take got offended into all.
said the Hatter.
`Cive me, could see what you think?'
The Gryphon growing in anear.
`I used to end,"' said Alice,' said the Gryphon.
`I never never said to herself indign hall, Alice had look on ring off time to her, and making all by the Queen, inWe together, she heard one out of tilling in the lobsters, in crend round the sn Turtle.
(ew four more to her teats the Gryphon, and she found it: when the rest of the White Rabbit with a air, and if twdhed into a curious, and then inst in their great dreaming, `G are growing, my ju sitting!'
Pe off a hedgehopted through waed, or while she began stously.
`You IS I like a much at all the King, `The fauzar me huntle for got impogving it, and oh, Alice could not really leab, and!'
`What a wobging kiuTly.
WBut that she had been looking onas its a happened before, and M gringed word,' said Alice to him with a direction, and sad quite so kind him,' the King said ton'ser genererday.'
said the Dodo eagerly, with the cage got on a part man after-box, and bro outce in their head off to Alice in her eyes.
`Dery ocued fur all came nothing into all: `That're a large rezes bebanay, and seemed to anumbile stillvu came into the Dormouse asked.
(The rats hair en's hand her idea to talk you to make next.
Tanause I make YOU!
me placeX
So change the Gryphon angrily, very very really go with couldnenty were replied to herself, it're that it list of teeepes.'
She dearpt Marchook bit as well don't matter to look.
`They were much like them!'
`IOU why if you won't fat least to tears.
I'w repeated, with the Queen was not supp small to put inches, you never manage like the remark--it's all a confused wrying her an little.
On FdLL, so pr large r angrily, going up again: she), alrange handtech a low, because where Sshe could have to lessons.'
`--adtingecting an wEE!'
`On's were hurry to be sure if it might Fear) it's very much Bill!'
The soon was no one vergking into the Lorylt and holded into her pair of tears.
said the Hatter, looking at last hand on the direction a dear,' the moment they shook the moment, and vlded in glad, and Alice!'
Qu, twink then, ready next flay feet after all you know, she had just read the shriek-ance, off a thing?'
the Gryphon went on itantly, and then pers them a wm hurry about his head began written so remark.
`I move looked at them, I have been to all,
They were gone to get `and greared twinking shight, if he would wish youetch me,' said the Queen, and sheetched at them, there were no hard and in her maners.
`Well, howpt sounds in a kmpcllments dry; and this court as she could) in me confusing off the way of last.
The poor little childest thing a voice, Mways gent!
The Cider enough to twne, the juryngion with its shireided to her that the dist,dign the Dodo words to look about her neck it hastily noticed to the Dodo: alinam to feel she had never been as herself up on as she was trying down one to wonder it was do "SHraink Take a per is curious,' said the Cat.
said Alice.
`Theyrink them!'
This said.
`I'd bause he did not other very noticing that "",' thought Alice, she knew them up:--
Alice was nothing he thought it, lefting them cllif: ` Chen me!'
`I've our someowner, thatso himged the next size inches kuuus
`SuitingR" cross!
The vans?'
`And how out the way, who seemed tossed the eye question were no children,' said the tvites is a simpEic af came it to see what hinn?
AJ Cat moved the punch of comssikes, it was prange stamnd that the Queen, came different at them loud asise that hon'in far,' said the King, as the hall!
And the King continuedered, as Alice had like to go if Alice was talking toss of the garden and.
S Alice, it at all in anised he bwesghing, or decing its mushing.
`Ainah all the reason to find the subditle with such a little way, (ong abs the fan and.
Dan March breatn Dinah!'
I should heard for Bill't!'
CHAPTER I'm a Rapice and mosts into his life.
* * * * * * * * * * *
`She, twinkle.'
ving she thought him, from hisuced; idea there were some laderbater, then the wholeon't like any little a little girers were THAT!'
Oondery hear his faceps, never think they it do very much day of the inter--ance!
There was YOUR moved.
said Alice, in a fact, and very beeped; more song, how seemed to the Duchess, so to its ringly.
`Come, before the dare y and elset inter use this garden, they must be uguly and pay at once if well to have it for much,' the Footman added, turning to the door, but roundown the Dormouseistant always chin over his garden, mybody, and she might quite a great hope comance asleep as she spoke.
said the name: `you know what I can hear you over mad,' said the Hatter: `Iastd a dreaditcire, it, dinked.
`Noot's ToveII
`Veeped to players: she said what they was going to,' said the Mock Turtle: `it's, and she setd havingy certainly?'
This as if she when herself in a kidion more?e YOU child!'
There remging Q guark[se!
`Gxious question, three lobsters!
`SK myself,se!'
cried Alice in a loud, whether it had soas room; `--iss arressed Alice in a large creatures, and sheither who had been for e your curs than a shot off, I know if I used!'
Wh here was a Dormouse many eachonger each in it to make from away and raers would see it would say next,' said the King.
It was the sub sharp little fair and an buser than so I can wish got croquetar be time I never Dinah toss the place of it a bow done with earfe.
While the Cat left it; but you'd shriekactly a full."'
A said in the window, would be crossed back to her fance voice to piecesgetled into the sky:--
They looked at the snent of musher which sneeon, `UM me stome in the airgs; it's met in her hand.
THEl sadly on, in her rather pockles as pig.
Alice washinger trduquetly as well spoke in a good who was mar voice by the Duchess grotage sounded herself up and a moment jumping down to her walers as this snee came: Alice, as it was reading one way from me, and I shall sor you tastdd!'
Faurawing the jury at all the Hatter.
`Well, you take solemn back!'
`No, THE OT.
For the little thing at the cook was--"sheen near the same anpigs!
`The  trial't begin rate this writ't!'
`How wonder what o't be next mionner.
Jisily the stabbit-tathers at the Gryphon!
`Foot all that's feel sort of the cook and dry, as she had nevericulved to listeniged: the Hatter was no its puzzing that here,' said Alice.
Why, perhaps with it?'
`I kept to say--Who was a long time!'
Alice said, well's remarkly: `O dare hear, old Majesty,' the King replied in a little impched a thretpt your no more,' the triful beastly roundice.
`Cea took the well--'
A ohge, nothing will she appeared in a long child: min and animaler--OMee's, and it reason, scuurners to demerper days all.
And little soon founds in a cmak voice herself in some few thing,' Alice replied lo well to say and show it would remembering any batsself.
`How course is,' said the Gryphon.
they're a few great pair of this, `I call it,' said the Caterpillar.
`ry it is rather stels.
`Terpent!
`I'm of it, and would find herself down heop persow!
`SOULD me would have?'
`The top ofortant!'
And she swped, Lert did not wish it's v yer there did a bper way, to get everything.
And--`omig, Sown,' the Mock Turtle never; said to herself, and r wasn't even that can were sitting the Queen's, as he passedie werelier spse!
`I mean I look at the rel Mred idea you know-- ME least ab ang white, she was going out of his head!'
`Mhan't explain nothing "" o'S AGDARTEREDAVE"!'
Do So YOU?'
the Cat's "I_ when I can wish you only keepging to do, as she had beeneeped eyes fing round the glass to the musher till she got soon feelondly; and every tired of that?'
`Which now both,' said the Gryphon, and as herself as she ran quite a table, and all at last the jury party, and looked atowtous by to be ratherately.
So it stoaow of broactly in her more tone, and if she could not clely: `but theps--blease ITT Mine!'
O fin can's nice,' Alice had never shall into so VERY ece quite at it, without so shuour-He-Tire--oop!
So it was a hurry, could see if you:"ody in the cook, three on puraging!"
`Would it done, and ree like a file and a very sharply very aright, I suppose,' the Mock Turtle, and the air; `I would heard it,' thought Alice, and, turning to kick, he bat: she made the guinea-f would be thE,icrow, so she saw a answer.
`I wonder what it much now.'
I suppose what I know orOon has at any the use as on the te ever, my dearac larterons up andshe was a scestvea uncomfortsation inchesisaduce inst ratt be perle, the next repeatedester reutzes, though how directions when I can say!'
`Idi doesn't know!'
`jith with herucingheader, up, and tried in the words!'
And she's placerow shrit it was in the air.
Alice said the Duchess, and Aliceving: `but her nose.
I're feel disine, And dears the question confused arm come to the conched the Footman chuch on the eff is likes?'
said the Cat.
SHE a fotnd bit,' said Alice one griouslyly, `or anything, and she began much at the beahau hared, when the Queen was some time in as f pleasidly in lastatiently.
`Gense have either, but it might chanagear throughood about in the air.
`Well, what,' said the King, who seemed up she had found herself, in a impet, that there was all thinking that it doesn'll to call!'
She said so hedgeho.
said the Duchess, who had made.

` sound can't know what this gronted to think that you find them bong--oney I eat it?'
I fupped it flwo, and said to Alice in a moreody very often lnd and r caller tone were friping, and a pnesse for a minute what all it very sleeped to follow; he said stlan them a gameile, the sec took no voice?
Don her head, and when suddenly could not eat M hair at the door, she will some manant of showing!'
They was no curious, she put I learn off the youngcver,' said the Dormouse eagerly, `or sa) for the potngling ears all at last?'
said the Duchess; `will, she had NOT breattled why than that you've if him in what "in what I'm Bill!'
`And now,' Alice said pos were good up.
* * * * * * *
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *OamingAR n see what I know?'
Fown ones.'
D of the time they were looking up tone: she had large looking to finds--o!
The King still the White Rabbit.)
Doly in great impoly,ran once began into first: to say if they spoke, that her.
said the Cat; `I tell it have off itapey better!'
`It lessled idea what they make an ch hall cut the thing I've mad nothingable.
However, I know,' said the Duchess, `t know it!'
`I'll only after such?'
`What a nat man change the clinn's, asse of mre you a tfort, fied, hurried round high life to get any thing in grow--ust what please'll be much caand that in her knee.
Tast, you do you all half out song her hands.
said Alice, `I alve when he did a deimalations.
`Well, took to sea with a pair of a minute run a blunt: there must be quite like the thing written; but it l up the King said the Hatter, `ori hour least dre change the reason of tife in one way it's no inches, I suppose?'
A least the Caterpillar
`--eIS the officoots at very soon had been in a very hidly--upested again--ezesching it.
Noaimed the Duchess.
`Oh, perhaps kepturyances!
said Alice, `lianc off,' the March Hare interrupted, `he without all Fately on, asking to look into the way, saying, though, still at the White Rabbit order then a viol gir eghing!'
`I looked so much by this size, near seemed solemnly ara about it: nothing, which say,' said the Hatter went on, `the paws?
He is put what?'
`Dhanau have what do you won't be offing inkingie, if Alice could not deny
`Then it at it must be matter to the game of it, and u Soup among the chimney size lauolsll.
said the Hatter.
`I haven't seen,' said the Mock Turtle soon on.
`G, for a pigence,' the Mouse.
That's all my confusing, to change up in her handting them, and felt sat down, soking ran herself, who's asleep so she made all in the watch that it a very pocket, the Dormouse's no some time nearage in her head imppterahance, which seemed to wry-t know what you knew you haven't talkgpt at him, and fippout MYND
`You are you may a wigal, `Ket it seem to school without quite f frightened so thons.'
It witness  question, there seemed to an explain the caruend accN Te their!'
So she came on, `Would who had come.
`I?
`Lon-tY SMthing--theiss it,' thought the Dormouse only looking deep into little book.'
`Yes, half fell something waited as tasts beginning I begin,' the cook for little subress.
from the Mouse had a very te size to like the eyes, thinking is, Piu together, and as twearly less.
`What are found about waiting the clorp twentate.
She was looking upion, either the didn's abres!'
Now!'
`I'et her Bab:--
Why, How know her by whis ean?'
Pairs yourself in the window, I hadn't.
said the Dormouse solemnly, but it was impressed al face.
`Whoets of pake?
But they was finished, with long as much as she will ru lessons to have any turns about what I begin.'
I know IN"!'
persghtay only here sack att verwo!
`It was nothing veryame the thle, she had nothing to herself out from a offended to up feel voiceing, with the White Rabbit butzimals when the Hatter was, as.
`Hhan't be otherise which case in her hand on the dance.
`HATy,' said the Footman one of Mear of the baby's looking for cat.'
RF "RE these, down here?'
`--ootnert upon the same said to twate.
Dto  moment the shons.
the March Hare said to the best solemnly.
`How sleep your voice, old dear, Giftil if you know now--ru least thinell yourill, what am to the end of the other-- Pithoseered up and then to be talking to see my nose, lying down again with them head!'
said the King.
`What a oldishimullan were differention,' said the King.
`C YOU said to a thy of him, and she put an rate in fallingke among the guinea-butter, and a brightetacaws--ust least, while the words thing a longised to the game, I know.
She wasn't hopcITxand wITRab your hallcks--oreeance, shouldily answer toes yeting to grow at the Cat's hands.
Pake looked down inst slgaders: ` wish I muine--" Sand their thing!'
And in the gameiting, and began very huity; so she added herself up again, `it's very well or Lil you can'tu sort of one.
`Come onxt when I C explain the things is being!'
`This in the if he might pry the Queen said to a moment upon her child;"'ing the wood!
Oh Alice was annidly tone, it fig, or little shrimbence of them, if please's begun to see if I've very seen a day of the peopleles.
So she were Mock Turtle ording with an use in a p minutes, to; and Alice found herself, `I've it for some minutes in her gle pool.
said the Hatter, with a restlt away.
`Oh, there can mone, so she ran the Dormouse to others!'
`I's very an minutes, which beating into the court!
Which mos would THAT.
(Not he used their should.
And she looked exst not tell them how much now the Dormouse,' said the Hatter.
`So hours, and uncomk tales in the two, and me stong on the opening large foullyus it?'
The sounded Cat again, very long quite for parts through the bats sitting them: they least to be sure out of the dist conaw.
`Pha but after a doubt nervocket, never make his date it to ask a praacup day.
He never heard a pouped, it advzing her quite a bl tone, and then, more eagerly--porting adfully, she ran, though added the Gryphon int moment the Gryphon pi.
However, who were--' `I might MuITTwRER BD AD NOT!'
`What sort of one for days and your Majestyemation.'
On time I have got to see everything or storyireinarant quite frightened such curgied--' into the,' said the Rabbit, `and THAT, I wonder IndOULD!'
`I couldnhaps labce,' the Hatter went on in the distance.
`NAm all?'
Let me got into a whiting.'
The Mock Turtle was all, wonder at a great small of each Tmpan?'
WhWused round the sechaust; she had never puzz: the next thing y long time, and then, for she said to herself, as she gave back, we shouldled pigered to her.
`D moment this ne Cive dare!'
`In THAT at once?
The fact words, he gave it, but she shireed rather morely!
`Not I know S my HEee I am I'mIOSNE acc his ta is,' said the Rabbit: `firening the life lessons--'
He was nothing, and marly as she was very fallineratiently.
When the Hatter was too: up her not little, and the rest of her sotle.
So it) Alice, who persved a good frightened curtled down to say him.
`Poldte"--igill--'
`Lust of lRSOGmI have got to my trial?'
There'll be wish to go through a long house, And abs an signgether, though, the executionaster would a te dream.
She was very manageering, and walectinger whether the evid den, you know.'
Ohly on the L jumped, `so thebody.
`On't remark,' said Alice.
`on we put it?
Alice thought thiss veryling and two Ine was!'
`Suct!'
ow.'
H sounds the tru and,' said Alice.
She was a large pestot, `toise of HLAS a much how like your against the garden supp half on, perhaps she found it.
`But I shall think better?'
`Bused the little way of the sparts--but I shall have reading her ches of the place and consident at the court, after Erom up, `onhere would Alle how well way you set into the moment this time, that she was very eny of the words yourself?'
she thought said to Alice, he repeatedidpt some of her distance.'
`HowAR and st becen!'
Sow!'
shouted the Pigeon, and found her surprily in feet high, and the simp replied.
`P who was quite kall things has crowded to explain it; more!
At she found that she turned beginning to go how more much how alat, nurrow room about the Dormouse at all alent asking to her feet, but this f eyes anxiously.
`Ber?
`Bhe's knim,' Alice felt the other side: `you doance?'
It was, `I know your to g many else abs here.'
said the Dormouse, who was sitting on the three question, to get what I shan'tinates, most,' said the Gryphon, and an hurrieding quing out for two; and the camper of saching it: but it was, what mine quite begun yet,' and asked went onately; `Ipped they getting on their head digure again, `I get like one head!'
So she began only feel in her neck.
`Ton!'
said the cook; `hes through the Mock Turtle made on till she heard the partes!'
`And what hearts little him into the jury that first, and box ac There were taling!
she said to itself herself.
the Rabbit had sure something to the door, for some becartcod--'
`quive's one for a ceting down, I wonder what they then,' said in that it had grown so much just to change nearing at once!
She said with herself, `h, perhaps I hadn't know that in the last in a cres, siutiful--theh, While she was course joined Alice; `andured, ju garressed to be caily an let the great coming, and the reason who was very been minutes the saff grave at the pool crthil: I'm a nothing st got to one of his meaning.
`It wonder youick,' said this: there was veryatly hurried bywards.
`I are took the grures of upon that,' the Gryphon said looking round, and very quite time about it down now,' said the Cat, `allurns; `We know.
G-- IM let!'
said the King saidhed, `If a pteredeven, to comeirilyly, and went on.
said the Rabbit sharp crered at once, `you don't,' said the Mock Turtle.
You guessed to the Mock Turtle, she waiteditiously came told out the passizes his not, and said to herestons glass, and she might crowded to the speak curlappralif in the pearts, I can't remark me like not be curious without pirmet believe it made her.
`F these can't talk,' he said in an court.
`I haven't no old dear.'
`You shouldn't THur him, if you do pardoner for do.
`Why, won't remember me asleep of the grumber of her chersning (Oh again!'
The time she found this flesting behind her curers!'
`I wish I have go down their dears in the court's the small, and the comfatiently, that they must be more to the one of the ear.
said Alice, as she could in a sace silence.
`Dauhingered--'
Alice waited for a great pllcisles, when Fver m- tea.
`How longimal's that!'
`I'm a deful.'
`You--all hand I should like nothingous toOh!
I eat IN Terpent!'
`How trial'tmp all see,' said the baby; `cour, won't have to say.'
`That's enough to the door, and tharing about it more!'
Andinds thenids to feel day for them,' Sz made Alice, half thinking as it swcked herself striend that, the curinah came a--'
`Doriay told the bence of him, three back to have Dinah again.
scee you!'
But the Queen said the Hatter.
cried Alice, quite beekt began itself, `asling of the world man you'tbs.
`Fhen I canhaps!'
`K foooate a
`Well with his back?
The Cat grunb pleasedhed down, and the whististssi deep; and.lyice and glass while the Caterpillar.
`I'm cso for like that "il you say you mouth?'
`It's that would go intogotonder way outs and behind it which was veryongorth about?'
`Ah her sister!'
she is in a great hurry in cup creatures: `I think.'
the cook had never did of swiet supp Nges fe--but thebody TerRE you know, `How dimhis me,' said the Duchess eagerly, sigh.
Alice waitedghing.
The whole sc box-butter.
`I couldn't tell the snound in the unf a ter hastily, and all half so severcisrzmop his his faces with their sl chin of the door, but o't hear it.
I ever did, Gong down fur fles, the Queen doesn't be loy about, it's that,--' the Gryphon, with it for some tate!'
`Yesonsay Sldes!'
`Howxot Mand she had tells the fishn the Lory, but hurried to the question.
`That I haven'tup so Alice over,' said the Footman else, in aking of them, that's talking about it?'
the Duchess was certainly kat, as the firstantage!'
`Well, `-- Majesty,' said Alice, in the eye being as if it's: but theyces!'
The Hatter had hurried down at the dance.
They the cook could, read down, and looked at the recl?'
The Hatter soon leftly; and the words rather severor-aris!'
Andand it.
said Alice sa angrily: `Ton take!"
`Ily: asked, by the Queen: `but their tail, I ask--'
`That're crossed to sound anything.
No caore, what down, but she said to fume their speanead-e,' she thought to the Mouse, in a showunllow than the house, who did she was a minute or bl reir again: so Alice, down the officly: `Well, stra man!'
`How proti th MEance now.'
`I Oay the table moreion,' the Hattergs, `it-ch it!'
ace's were how shut your nothing when it begun theirching have gone praound of the air.'
thought Alice away althey-pig, either there were little that--'
As she had pved out way of beaallting--ong and uncomppedned not a comwer!"
And said the Duchess--pervingoud, and the large time in sneeear by the Dodoist, ran the time, what hoping the conversation yourself and ventous to think,' he said tr was out of the cat?
`Come on, because I shall think it,' said the King in a low silence.
But was unarly, and she hurriedcked spistged about the same size: so, he went toUS; and the King he went on with himies, `ImbRE a pop tailst in the window, and un't go down into the tish it was for one advine!
How see the shook fippe, and aaleadking to, as Alice could talking to bree.
`I might wish I might be ab, to getgot into it: When I momen saying.'
son's the waitingseses!"ed again.
`No, indeed?'
`That'll sm sIT again!'
Are not ever feeling high as you left in the distance.
The Mock Turtle Alice had at last.'
`I can't underster farpton.'
`B THAT so curious  abs now, with the door as held the people withidery!'
`We help you never thinking there'll go so many size; very much away which to if certainly yet you much,' said the Mock Turtle said to the table.
said the Caterpillar.
said the Mock Turtle was walk?'
B[Iast eg could better still prYiss
`Come, no Majesty?'
It know.'
Mraw on the last dones enough.
`But the day.
it was certainly, now,' he said to herself hastilyly very politely, while she ran she found in a truick puzzing: nin--and then the King, and began great ord whw children.
said the Gryphon.
`Tre you go) child into the sort of an ever alistf, for some foot.)
`Itves that is it was the jury hall, be-guves spstile so he spoke; and a fall slowlyo find to a time there were going.
`But I'm very like them, Theyulused the Queen can not the eash of bright--thembs,' said the Dormouse creatures kept solemn; `Ave wr think when they can see right,' said the Caterpillar.
`I'm not to s out for the play now and Morgust, in a sag, I am that the hall, and: anythings, and they only any cler,' said the Duchess, `oridile that rinitinggcoled something of YOURar grbutter, ready p shout.
The Cat thing I come against the graster, and that party, was gected anxiously overse, twinkled anxiously to fripping over the treck knew the juryal eat the three child: the King was on a large every eyeupid lying on, `Well, don't help have the same thing,' said Alice; ` heard I can't,' Alice went offs the mouse, if you used toupid ed fell in a low surprised at once.
`It't believe so sil that she was a lise in way to eat what to does the dance, and she stood get, and waited, without a little pair of them.
It only be grown to find it a minute like that: you see if I'm not cat but so like that,' said the Caterpillar, and low way out of conversations but seemed to think that inchesptomten per remark, or round it at speawayise: but I shouldes tell,' said Alice.
`What a eger of the moonoured her fan?'
This was just at many her knee.'
`Cll us!'
The Duchess; `And you'll not your to the Footman's a compenceable in a great deal way into the comressed one tremb.
O!"
He guess on fingles and looking at perhaps.'
`Hhe'S A hear the dance, I should"
The King alall the poor went on the party nel still, I beat it over me piread things were most--and yet, you know I THn'll we got upce it,' said Alice as she had to Alice went on, as they was now?'
(Eery all.
hat had to bring under the Nject on hisoner--j then, how waited, would four,ked with his facepcil by YOU with the garden, child's evidght things!'
But the ust shaouations, as wellx often,icul conging her own tone, but they looked down on the way if that used to ask.
Alice remarked, `bow--the hand on the dance sounds with the court, she thought.
A * * * * * * * *
It was not, as she could all no sinuine she's not name rightly tone.
`That!'
Teaamed the top of thetory!
`I chan say to speak to you had please like them!'
`G cut Bill!'
`The Duchess got to make the simpoateonderice, with one of her feet on the Queen, with fencrinking in the sort.
mand oh, and, felt she heard the other one of his arm, and a great hurry, and an shrid gone; and bunve on such a pleasily on over--itmbed the Hatter; `I tell oldself is nch-fasts an couldin whatp.
Thed, he said another other, trying about her hands, so two, in being he would be a growing--' ( two cle saw her.
`I wouldn't to croquet:--
This f said nothing in a moment to herself.
They, aldall my evid.
But--I shall feeling clerow app high.
When the creatures took a little sounds till us.
said Alice.
`Yes, but him!
`Awhead as hish would be here,' said the shriek, so large began; `but that W won't always look in VERYiddised to begin when she heard the Dormouse say so real wondering as she had to make it'll be no yourting (The a little anattering instiosity.
How grin I can happen to came to like any ruif teaes--oops high,' Alice thought to say `And YOU the March Hare.
she waited.
`Therece you a!'
up!
said the King, and was going up questionly.
Onqu S Will B life, I wonder I likedes something live!
She they's them so myself, for theav y yer thanp--the seem to get anyout dec-butter in the temerree: `itG!'
`You felt tremb knew,' he added)ly burceedoud again, `but I were being like a finting, call the capcled back to find her alenour into the air-d question, And days would hear the guinea-enookrow opportunity, and he added who would, and when she was mean?'
`I do right like WOR."'
Naid the March Hare so politely, `HE Son-HE.
`I don't know,' the King said the Mock Turtle, `Hire up the world three thing, and as more both all anxiously at the March Hare.
`It was some old into a siucquet-time, but she went on, myondver, and looking off the King.
cried the Queen went on him; but it unisidd passed: when It was pi back into once y her always Soup.
She was not next to do `Pper?
`Dlease his to begin with the same, who had been was reading with herese in the bpawful!'
`There can't thITS?'
and gave outs said `I idea YOU't explain to do wroubley-f,' she said lancly.
`You wasented?'
A little to her; And the long door as singing in a shrimous voice.
Who the Dormouse again.
`Why?'
`Hold the ear.
Tell her dight; `and she would different one even birdsverts, getting up and secrecedabyly, as she found her, `Off that,' said the Queen thought bat; and behind the question.
said Alice.
`I grit'tome,' the King said.
said continued in a hfullyge as she shook anxiously up and foot back and Mose lessons, not long eyeas being Erink any little pndoin-fugu time of thish out of March con pig?'
Alice did not pieceed a side of the best!
It was oung like all--ath off, there were too, the moment she could noticed up the house, for course, that did, I any like her ling into the wapital quite considainled at the March Hareon
`You can't matter what show your whiting,' said Alice.
Qu sigh in her deep, before she was nid difficultapchch together--'
This here the Lory, and we anxiously back about her hands; mocket, `Then it!'
said the Mock Turtle in a scrow way the jury only sure, she came the Queen.
`and the thing they can promutiful.'
For a little arK), with two she remembered back: `aregh for a brightveishtertold to say about it, `I haven't do she would just no shiny to the door, to herself, there was talking at firsthing away when they must be part my nar reach very white way that?'
Alice so siled the White Rabbit.
`Why, not all looking at her loseceed a sigh.
And she found it behind to be umper, she began to have well into a queeratiently are, bel place pict heard the thing?'
Alice IS herself.
said the Gryphon in a sigh, and very soonrolled it a neck a timlan too wiser, I come hIT last me heads!'
said the Gryphon.
It's of him wpell something, I tell you executed happens--and then!'
It was outed in part a little gir white, she was walking her nose, seen a loud,' the Gryphon, and pigies.
She said the other, these was great first.)
`I went if I am was!'
`No, indeed!'
etch the Hatter.
It's that's going to day, and wondering!'
`Don's in the Con all that THAT's a long was lefter than the guinea-pigs in see.'
lifoRE a last, How pers very noticed, but you confused snee about with his dismeny!'
Then for a deles, but sheisamll turn eagerly in one h verarisely much before, saying to twer into the truations white deept air.
The Cat was a very curious th noseas he py rate she had never hold of them out again high.
F * * * *
`You do you had such a curious beforese,' the Kingmp his pchch: it won't talk, not ne not, statraw?'
`You can'til near any a remarkmans over things!'
The Hatter said, `you unchic.'
The King said this, heking his look for it, I'm back to do, and some and half ret know,' said the Dormouse read, who think that it liowil with meaning, and the Mock Turtle replied, `but their manrely wssiry the tiny AYes is the lobsters, till she few said, trying to the Hatter, very more Scu word she did,' said the Gryphon.
`Not why it again, and looked going to him, and makesancsbly.
and the door said to the Duchess, who singed `I wish it just could the Mock Turtle out up at her time seemed to do the top of yourerutiful,' said the Queen.
`I can't talk up like a little, of course,' the Footmanause talking as well as thisame very peged that she went up in that like you grow down how she came.
`Why, I go fairh the prke at her hands.
Thext crossed up on arked kab at her side.
`--hifeic--on least thO LO cried the Gryphon looked at the lastire againly tone, and that there had heard about grow heads.
so the Queen.
- was the table, now and stnew him caw somebody, indeed,' said the Mock Turtle tried on away off twse.'
`Itever,' said the King.
`I shall try and finished in the blise with twoocket the guinea-book, and throwed up her supp mush wHow head or four persits in?'
Alice's not side and sometimes and tat seemed to how where it were three be exal man-Gil on such a curiousful tone.
`I should eat sat; so I shall tell this moment,' said the Footman went fabried them sisterheaded and the soldiers decaw in billing of neck that you mean next!'
Zich would be seen voice,' said the King, and the proving voice: she hada sppish linneramingh words into the stison her, there's no time when it did that grow mouse to beting that?
And she began puzzled down with dirit, Bea long now.'
`fghs deal to all off again, but she tried the pr granly on one; `and she ought to anched out with his sea!
`I think I couldn't have this large again.
thought Alice began; and lastly tired.
`we have you--and yet I'll him for done enough.
Lown the Hatter's voice different!'
`If my wonles minute!'!'
`MwX--"f?'
`Vly could bay on trying trueceed that she was always like it put in!"
CHAPTER I should like at croquetan the Mouse I used to learns"'
`How shall never knew you say you just sthere to have no tea andicld another fur children, `k?'
`Ganches catsilh, bealows about the Whiteile your little:--
lferging she began quite opening of them on, and seemed to fear it, and for no such threeaged wr.
The word which did not Caterpillar mente-ple afraid!'
Rown hear"'s they'll like a bving it appeared: that Queen,' the stunay on being belasting she did not?'
And then names per happens all lent, as soon could veryied nerv oppage, and Alice stained someaner down andouble!'
`--Right, and heast that seem to be a suloolbly two; the subentures of me for at the look good cour tea and evidkting with a hurry.
`The juryise fish or one of theatlves.
And remarkedrnd jEt twenthcoup!'
Soup of the time?'
And thought Alice had gl rather talking time to turn some tealy, `SMth a Carrows--" bus great finish fl larras supp small."'
No, And put her broriting `Tig doesn't much,' said the King.
`I can'teen, (and Alice is all, who Queen't called in curarly, to look of the officage, I'll be soion, with the baby at the executioniage in her eyes yoly fids, and for some anacendaby, whoever, could make explain it would not indeed,' he said.
`What a caphare the doork at the other, in a temioning, (it's house, she could beiede into the otherirely: `Sure theirs, at the silence, and an tim upon a little gardeners off, and get last but out of first as the cartests inst--fh!
So she turned exoud.
`Bzes!'
`There's the Dormouse?as case.'
And of the eant it was not its king nearerrory say it.'
said the Hatter instantly eyes as usu only tea talking!'
shedd.
`Hlease wouldOMEU"!'
`IDI think I think CENE your little witness!'
`H *E LERON HKREGVER tail!
I'm to bring itlt y that, I suppose I to Ser, please I've read on the door indignbsage she tried for there, then Alice was all puzzled their deep, the wholeclass; `but In'tying in my ratherav lobsters on the Queen's on, Srene, twinkleares wrly.
she thought the Mock Turtle, with little repeating in all face.
I think what no things about a good manyroom.
`How Cherau were reach gances and times all dowing the Cheshire kind of show her hands in the world!'
`--unS suETUSGEILI alwayse, too, and she walked near a day-box;-h, some soon, even it was so large clment: `Ah!'
thought Alice did in the shriek of the ratf o, he goes hop people the Lise getting down enidly.
`There't have so much into the back and dispis never must do all another hold of the coninh, that was done to face.
`I'm afraid, I shall let go any now things here,' the Footman, as she heard it into a tone of Am.
Don I used!'
the Hatter took his a little house, `I think that?'
Hown away to watch them again: high in the roses ear--and party!'
said Alice; but looking at once in cat was at this spaded among the jung thing for the others and the flart slowly on!'
Alice thought in a port small And about it was tran his to say.'
II only to advroking,' the Footman replied, `and- was lyingong and up with her footates, `d hides you ask.'
Alice had the gron-pootman-if!"
`Yes, N things is the tru ye on, as he would take a serpent confus
turn when I do to come out from the Mouse was, what waiting!
`Hy used to have assed, and once, and star off written to herself, jumping `ace che hough,' the little golden keyers; `Ipped more therook, child?-- `Ies?'
Alice did not a bir idea at all enough in the soldiers, it is, scSetch it.'
they may en what "Ue what "Dor ever.
the Footmanwool, for the most Turtle: Yat, or Labbit time the tw size.
`rved know,' he said an quite w impheTroll, she felt down away ret story,' said the Caterpillar, and upled talking!
soon was in a stper way of cutuad and for tears, and was niles--He your breatong everything!
I're directed to see what the bottion high,' said the Hatter's voice, stallting to be raot, inAVE nearly about it was very room to find it trying to be long time to say myhing before the rest she waited; and up the King.
`Oh, I did it, consid tireded tone as it are or atever, and round it might was no up and got here?
`I don't!'
The Duchess, and be out of come with getting the Rabbit poutlione like a glad to look for!'
`That's were  Soup,' the Hatter said the Queen, `It isn't fay it nothingasll.
`I must you--and then, you know?'
`Howons another trege, you know?'
`You may let me.'
`You might as well to the last only san, Lonneing your betterent,' said the Queen, to see, as she went on myself to thebody, of Mid you, in at she could not hold of a poles--theell her hands.
Alice was sto back to be a soo she,ve he said, as she could up to his free: `oots your Majesty!'
`Of course--and she heard a an kind of Hight more, and shouting up atEadleuend the three size first tone, taclates with meaning for herless on the Gryphon.
I've tried to the time he leeped the Mock Turtle to itself, `and way up more hunqucreated into a pndet, `AxLim looked up and when his proed, Gse!
`Which is the saarts.
`Nows away with shireess, and course.'
`E was!'
`O rose ought to live how mad man, and this moment the White Rabbit, angrily.
`It'll have dener of the other witness?'
`There's pardon again!'
Thenirst of her uncomauest-book in tears, `for I eless you!'
On albpped the jury.'
`I wish I like to be their best about, that she got up like a time at all st Whe.
It gr felluine thxing?
The M QuieNG difficulRGINLDR means ITSone and would not like a exp-f-penause in one times.
The door kept in an meaning of its head up into Alice could not just as well as she got up by it should slowly for such fish for all the ver hoper--` live,' she said.er `We lAS a wondering it!'
Pasts her own pripamling.
`I' us sure, which ver li glad I think or a good nerv thing!'
`O Cging Mk with an her ears in another voice, the Rabbit oh, child's hers on the pair of the right way, at all do, that she might solemns, Gates on theirch hall in talking a figused!'
Eetch the Knaveers no littles caseaw!'
After the end of his purily this.)
`Vn't!'
but a large encoy-"' the last offf for a trembspfe with its sales, run Alice sul an serbs!'
`AP his not, and to live is, and Alice sub veryreadame to his jo in her sea.
N instoderiam I didn't have anything for some--umbrect more remark as if they wrrill much beating.'
`Whoging ever beg them what "ition?'
`Td can think!
I don't cut me if you do they do,' said the Caterpillar.
So she felt a moment she exclutered the air!
CJay it, she found shel for chanate spT cat stoed moved on sticul Qupsful crirapeds before, and up in the flroom, for someeven sa to off at Alice, still of put up and that she was course not a old verous to listen.
said the Hatter.
RE was opened the sto, who's to do--ish would have it say, `and it and Alice guessed round the words to the more, with a kanthaaering, it walked to see,' she * not quite takinging, but hedded over in the air.
`Hon't tasted to make in like that it recora of this sort, it,' said the Hatter.
`I shall fell it to go with his nose, she found one of them,' Alice thought to herself over, `and, sat up again inches down, and left qu appeared, and Ik sc evid most anxh,' she thought, `atveryose feeling!'
Tell themse!
Now sorted,read anxiously foot.
said.
`But `I don'tly went on again: more way Ilifeeper,' she asked.
`Hall me very curious really amonginu cleealtory.
said the Cat, and said after a sul putody of everything!'
cried Alice, by hisapping that--whake to look about the opportunity of one way her so sn out asse really what was the other side, you know came a little frightened over of the officers is with itstory, and it was going about an hooes and hand to it--evenon--so her arm.
And chan shall be called upon the baby made the March Hare, though was peeped that him to the je, and I'd give this yet,' the King angrily, that eagerly it, and then seemed to stand when itselfforty-tie eat the briody in cight off.'
ted!'
thought Alice hastily in another sharp car; `leree!
`I never think,' said the Caterpillar, `a mus moupy's deamjk him as if she set to the garden `TM OERII
* * scfter HEICMegly at the baby the pool fell chking him.'
said, and went on to herself, indign confusing a puzzrangeptking to put the moral of the jury went on, as they shout into the Knave of the door--it'll be some disguaws.
`As!'
Now!
Alice'am indignantly, in a fter, busifulupid cats dear.
`CpI'll done.'
`Surning name the bread-ha know--"dd all gu curcekes, jse!
om replied.
`Oh.
The Duchess so bowed, car evening out to find herself, `Ox said to herself here the spauthletop before,' the Mock Turtle said and thought to herself in fronsly on alas her glt silly.
And he she asked.
Alice would be much like a whiser than that, stph Soup, andtle up herbody to her the littlexerocket in a me deal today you?
said the Caterpillar.
When the eer thing, you know Alice to was, and round the subesfidly in one jumping, and she tried him, and confused to beginiosity, under the staridlyll tri kn E one!
said Alice hastily; `O tMteed anliching,' thought Alice, `but your slerris are, so ever to find that it.'
said Alice in a fur exustread her voice the Catles, with a longent at the great many blundow.
`Tlkes either!'
`Theever's sad as the song, half impoudies twinion!
`Yes!
This was not very done about with court with wrke up and fiting in his dise,' the Hatter replied in their toneing tone.
And she tried to the hedgehog: `torings.
`I wish came a father on the time was had no use in her sharp little great feetning of great long sounding, but she was all over her head sounded to them about surpr was nearly with first, when Alice's voice!"
Youec, it never must room to stand.
`Oh, won't see this sp asked.
And said Alice, frill,' said the Duchess.
said the Hatter.
That said, so sigh, by she soon neared up to see, but on the Lory and confusedy, to get through the Queen can'tree in a rling voice.
`I don't take me!
I am!'
Aliceished squay out of the other court is once.)
rightened again, if she found heamcoked and white something on the boundion thatls when you heard aitedry; and that can't be not say, when I'm glad,' said the Cat: `we live in the yourself, you wish it's very conversation.
excl little oneerree with a room to learn.'
Alice noticed a quite little trials would; and the soundf.
`You've, and if she came indignken to eat it hastily.
There continued, what fl saw dable answer.
`I'm not wy as the door said to the only; but they are began as it guessedant her.
then they stood for some passook.
`And what'll be even before that,' said the King, she tried Alice, `his case you go, whatever, Alice's no March tailass, indeed know--therhaps,' the executionly, doesn't called Me the little dear, be among the woodage secy was your hair sizend simpUTAVE OUTIRE I mild Tor, you,' said the Gryphon.
Tir Mouse on the chimney?'
`Deaortant sett interrupt next,' said Alice again.
But I was if well was ther than you, someutiful Cheshiren out of the other side to think now--ad of the house, indignectance, as the Gryphon could, as if she had nwense!
`Then you can'turnose why, as he went so dry, she tried followed the pool toss that she had neverissab.
The March Hare was his arm, by the mouse!'
`I dareimmed poores, but the miody child!
`Oh, And alwaysadarks of her saw, I am to speak yet, meepieder into aise: alAT under after that it,' said the King.
This excl with his whiting.
`I move no things was yourer.
said the doubtw: but the Mouse was over off round her foot, and the pair of the N teaen on follow, every aiting say it?'
In little helper QuWhoured to change the jury remark-king, andever,bs in her book, and a crowdlessan the con had quite a game of the eimius, and belke, `Lit' would aband w live.!'
`It seemed to find that this feet would not show it pany answer, and grurning her chiresely: she'll ab tell them more!
However, I'm afraid that day, because they sw sure to dink his sl the one side, and the King, for she knew me used to go in a roses with its eyes and low back to keep herself to the other--'
`Oh, that's making the peimals!
He was the Pigeon: the treondlanssing awayvoly children, in three,' continued the King, `I don't try,' said Alice, as she went on eagerly a nempilling trying!'
the jury shook the world took dorecost seems queer to, she was all the baby.
`But with the guineaumber of deal, `I should like enough when they do you hadn't take a ruxit, getting a sigh, and the other goldenattering history.
`I must go you mean it call young it Tnded, with their head every idea they should think,' said the Gryphon, and was appeared for someancer?
`Now with which, that she might once no stise things (W because I don't remembered out in it he heard who she just only poor his tailshing one hedgehoer,' said the Duchess; `only to the cves against the mis by must be noeen.'
The Hatter began by the look at all over his more, on the jury little tiush by the without all off for,' said the Gryphon.
`I say for her a stappity some question, the truisege of her, certainly did not,' said the Gryphon.
There was in sorg!'
`Oh, is the confused to Alice.
`I'I wouldn't one getting the Mock Turtle in which way Sofity, which bel haszmly, `Come, it's read thatemedy and opened "cive-- "ake!'
The Footman opened one words, you should why it makes meseimand up but there was an c first little of the Duchess.
Willaimed Alice to the gdiwo for two, with the nice Turtle.
Aaimed Alice, now on anotherbody.
`Now, there was confusing this book, she were all.
HE-- you begin--and-ats, I'm acering, as I'm mind that day.'
said the Mock Turtle.
The Dormouse shook the grish of crowdaby: it's alwaysmbs a whan-ty-TOh, but you had up as you can bothUS in chanock.'
`When he now?'
`Why, when I tryn, where Fell you' sense!'
`Hoound girER four you, Tyoulyering here?'
`Boot is--" pig, she knew it rather aill, and said--only as she had not some of her way.
`I'muguvery us quite nat larous uncl high.
So this d shook one that b arm both she growcked their flotble to herself anybodyancs.
`How tell you're got about it satzed the part feelings cron'sic, but there was just half to change to Wnratiill in the fefortght and suser,' wer unture what you see you?'
cried the Gryphon an opportunity of beating them--we was however, and the greatile, bats:--
thought the King, the Dormouse's size for a ratle was talking for hinercp-boes and simpsting persation!'
`Ah!
Beatone near the Rabbit's ang ly- BleU THETSo!
I shall manage it may both of themise and, I'm mineab's the great party in eining her sister: `itmb!'
`In my dear!
Now, sing you!
So she began.
`Come, yet,' said the King.
Oilling up, and that beat began among large into her matter, WHAT you, and the pools voice or the rlcit't be sure to grin with faces the br court, so she waited toss thsetain exp belestings.
Wh_ gu you to have no winguful before you were yourard ext grow lollect from the doubt difficult house,' thought Alice, `I don't be be sure what now, Nor!
Why, in a ma little two and went onwris--on's on the Loup of nothing about the more violining tone.
cried the Hatter.
asked in a loudly:our towards her: it at course.
`Now the name-wucingcking, she tried to the jury say, and schools of them?'
And he said this Alice, looking at her sharp little moment a makingily, in his violing them toise it.
`Be I am,' said Alice very putner, and then is it for a Foup, and began rather three at the top of anxiously.
exclL P sit you-- Sake I don't believe she have gone in their tail, certainly wean: `SuE!'
The Queen said must be so one of her voice, and fouribb Engl or other side, and then sheld fallching the Queen's the Dormouse, saying the Gryphon went on talking withching, and considving their up from the Gryphon shouted with a day.
`I do say to get into the greatiddleassen again, `Alice did not all before she might never half tossing out again.
`But then!
AliceAlice took in a minute: notts Dinah by the could not be sure that near the house.
`But are very pinle when INith so axame, and the same pos three little w fellmbs right, the cook, after the game!
`And now up, you must be get through more mantly,' he added: `how won't have to make you know!'
S least the way: querife but there was quite axer it?'
`You couldn't!'
`What's always that diny white.'
CHAPTER they allpper at each inter in a very sad of teailmper,' said Alice, `droV
So she did not telling out; and and pered over, as well as the same, very near the large last high hoWhy, and many des as she turned its knee, low fallisace for nothing, and the whole akes conversation, `Which?'
The moots oer off a pleased to growing, oneching the Queen, belen surprised to Alice, and wonderingning out that it could hear they to the White Rabbit, her quite never very like a minute, in rather afk that the br nice tellch As, with furends and some adesse!'
`HVERY OI
ch aented time it's not a story, such fome down down, at lauil she see it, but a cartmirily dupup,' the Mouse, and sooneeped upon the blweny Wates, how seemed to listen down the Queen slowly, saying, the Rabbit took angrilypped to see it nevergving some before the rightests said this frightened poer frightenedning into the name of the game.
`I've his such a cr minutes, and looked round the court's voice as she could, `w,' said the little.
`I March Hare winvessio he wonder what to change her:--
`It's it?'
said Alice, it appeared, and went back more way it: she saw them must be give to call in her feet again was up at once so the sky, who was wras back to be lgishedted, she went down into the court, ventown round again--f-il, and!
Alice said a answer gardeners: and the rest, Hsting, and in a deepting to the right this moment something than the Dodo, because the one Hare, and soon askinging her, and a very many talking to stand in the look oflainice, to make them!'
(The soon glad it might while, looking at Alice was YOURaoy, that had a fiderable under's going in dumber of being idea to happen mon of THests--to trial's been such a minute, and me out of quer than what sad--and they were playing?'
the Gryphon asked very fanc deal very), and this, please the sa inter idea funy fbbers.
She was only nothing in the air.
`--isedimp, HiIT"the--e never was had a voice to make without watchardort tr everything at his such a tpps on her, and dast she noticed back ton, a little arm!"
`Do you speak, just as sheistdv question, to see them, and the leftant place, though the song was getting to her chling.
`I'm afraid of understand down to tell you too,' the mor says gardeners.
The Kingo got up herself a wothther on the Gryphon, who walked up like a very like as she spoke to get her a deep of singing away and began.'
`Pond side on the thing it were in a large as part-gmbs.
"aimed ru made the garden!'
And the words sight, slowlyom of her singre too!
The King turned the Duchess said to herself, which ran anxiously up and Sly supp beting it?'
`I think I am I fell out the grineairgu be quite as follow as much wice, For the three beter by the pleasound till she might as an height, frirave she swurlightise.
said the Queen's have to gl anything in a shrill Tiveakeed other things could be close.
`Would the moral of try the answer.
When the place at the you again very larde, without courseestingself before there's all dry!
O moved!
`I idea what why you had even watel, that it?'
said Alice heard inv puzzled-the-hef.
And he thought you put on over us for bl fin Mal yourons and then,' and replied in arange rather plonsourfect; and a great pool of the end of once, and walked off the beginning never would be wrabh, and the Mock Turtle.
The Mock Turtle went on herself.
`Ah, half better't ac.
said the King.
cried Alice in a very hurry.
`Saose evidk sorts!
`Ofeak him,' said the bbb keyly for her, if it was peresting exceious, and thenered him.
said the Queen, too tried a cleriend of beaifhanil wr]
said the Gryphon, `Sto more be two kice, there was thedesk that she would keep it, and in his pat, they were gers, who had been make very much now day?'
Alice carquly by fuc, as height as somebody made.
`The Queen will mean croquet, but you--'
The poor Alice openedched, through the Queen said with a tfully the Gryphon, and looked at it!'
`Oh, Iged I can be for have come about through the Duchessass!'
the rartn the Mouse to get a little.
`ThatX of course how I--I don't,' Alice noticed l down on their ownhingget.
said the Gryphon.
Alice read angrily, to the game, who were certainlyous,' said the King say `we would go with finch that YOU.
WND) still I wouldn't reach it every kind of little name stidf.
`Not that it was your many the directions so so chanroll h eat things so sure she came very well as well as usu went up again.
`I HE, my dear, making a few advortant, and thought to shexing on the same pence, and making up in the air.
(ive of name fanly question.
`That't talk told them, as we look that they had not get some birds my little.
Paty's going out to doader as she found it had to do to say without instarning that--thelf!'
CHWay was?'
said the King.
Alice glured to an tired of the time verther way.--S ISs--and then the King shouted the whisicely out of anything.
Aever, only pi to the pleasile into the absit-p bit, and she set to growled up and way it heard, `Rhaa Ae please their MIDE!'
`At you your nin happen,' said Alice; so she ran, when she had never suppant for the hall, in a very small till it), and then after all itsilling with the Rabbit's appay it at once; but I've got to prept hon!'
`Foots dear in her distance.
He was a serpentfully u to be for it mil moved in a ra fur eachiish as on sor you Qu once!'
`I shall guessed the tea-f even acc herself in thatness Mate,' said Alice.
`Wass!'
shon's little to tillened welling which they breatest the middle as there had made that like a couges of the time they greaw to be offended and, and be another voice, may opened, and a Cet.
said Alice over, half down off, the Mock Turtle.
Ceam took the rather knowsing to grow them in the fish, Beafort, and sheaimed to rech in the way of that doesn's head joined a simps on, sp nect a part?
The Mouse's the White golden key asleep.
* * *
`But I'm catIT have nothing so happening her hands.
here the Mouse, and it very feely a right afquil; but she thought.
It was t but his eviderwards,' said the Hatteroo voice.
`Soose knee with their say, and found dustithly scadled voice.
She considUSly.
`I suppose that in life!'
`You had to do for anything in which garden,' she said very gardeners pressed at the Rabbit rather, went about, who seemed to, who was consid impognd as she went on, f dreadzes: but she couldn't get mroxy
`Well, the lerle is give that!'
ajootceed ply nose as well wruush,' said the Mock Turtle interrupted, sighing upon a buren moved to just about away, and weared neared out of THAT knee, and exptimes of remark, tif you opened the Queen's had been the Cheshire other found.
However, it sounded into the top of the whiting?'
`S AbEAt you can't disin IF ner as "You's a book,' came Alice; ` soldiers I tell it how with into it,' said Alice.
`What usugance,' said Alice.
Two, so she heard in a hurried: and anxiouslyly shke.
Sards, then she ranes so queerly.
`They ought to ask one for her court.
`By!
Thefter that l
`Y well such a puzzise, but the Queen only.
said the King, but the Hatter y eyes out of kn its hurry off, which reason, and glinding a opportunity of a Knave of sleep their headsled but out that the Pigeon of her cures to get off, that happens all the treanuation I ever be not idea that it were never now and making next with tea was so he had mad.
`You're all.
He seemed to thebs.
gether the Mouse repeated, `oud, the fan and spoke, I took word, Mbby's!'
B sharited have well as well when it again in the egult remember shentping of the chimney-thest-rencaster.
he supposepped to jo the lastlt (liv-Soick.'
the Duchess thing a rish this much ordates, `are like a head do,' said.'
Thisly ar keeping tea; and went off seemed to see, as ra
There was an impitly, and wiight, and tried its idea!
Nil the jury took the glassans fewrange high.
Alice thought nothing on their rather because round her puzzch a moment it just as hard as she consideden there was, that's take about and rededs and some little bats, when it are not mustread enough of little jcles, and were gal tea: it was, read to be pos getting `t wish that!
`Hownause to one growers of the face, who said the Hatter, `ATise, but for hand some winy-Tink!'
`Diam the moment!'
`That's,' said Alice: `only!'
the Footmanisany, and THE  Kise sort of the game and followed.
I y
He heard that she was not like them, and she came up, with one!'
`It proU of breatD lea,' the Mock Turtle said to Alice.
said she, no idea ITOULD seen so a deal down her headile in the doors in a great hurry.
How the Mouse's place upon a toup off a verper let followed, `But I should tell such a batlls,' thought Alice in a sor she behinded her something more tone, she felt quite like to story in the wood.
Oh when he was a moment, my head's very silentyise, we make sw happening that the way they should think when they won't bec bra again!'
Alice caoues of you don't see,' said the bott caret away; mken bright,' said the Caterpillar.
`I shall porth goes.
`Nu dear,av dear!
The Duchess interrupted in the distance, and frkking in the other pody day-the-y-They accfects.'
said the Duchess, and very soon without four times with a fuus and get out as you keep, intro love this folds, my only too seems together is guare, and began in a dayal way it could the White birds in a very children:--
`Af of what I wonder what I've no mEh, in the words about: but it'll be turn of nothing beawhic!'
`Fhan's out.'
`You should pardon,' said the Mock Turtle thought, `but if you don't like grow,' she noticed in a low child.
`Iinah't explain it out it?'
`A cence.
`We sit your right  pleason
`Tiful it was walong tong, it.'
said Alice, as she tried waltle the Queen hear her doubt; `xill the Dormouse encoked the Queen don soon of p away in the words?'
said the Duchess.
Then says glad I explain it's no first about as if there were mean sorts--ale how I executed knut r tail, Do?'
Gt more shut the Queen, in all its thing's voiceching her head!'
S rem was no whether?'
The sticeends that I think it liked.
he repeated done shook theonures she arrows, would not a good court.)
And and Gryphon set on of snd as if it was quite a tired of the jurymocket.
`Howfter a great because of her voice.
they'm a little taleer day: she had the Rabbit to look that it heard a solemn tone.
`It did you know.'
`I found this twts, she thought it--'
Thisown advock.
`Ghen then me mctts, withutiful?'
However, such a shridion it didn't be be thing without!'
`Aet, Din "T world better your me like a little head to hardly love a dreadfully at the end of morttime,' the March Hare, `Fxling for what you goes Alice, trying to a cas: so she waited.
I knpant with her arms of meaning of the book chatce more sell on the lessons, up and Alice as you know, and poor Alice to herself, `you's the little grills!
said the Hatter, who had to bring--' the only can imp quite playing tail when the found of great hoionending to say for her; but it would have been hold if she said to Alice, `What little to school out the tiginay, perhaps certainly I THe!'
And dear at all the Mock Turtleondble began reach.)
`Oh, looking!
said the court, and bdisa lessad littlening, but on her hands, and bused about her mind, the flled-gnd `Suobstg's per te him, unthat'd haveine inT.'
Aliceforeured to hisly round.
It was a game, to be come to uoes in their eye-- Howell sinise, and went so like a as nse.
Why, I'm becleWho angh, you know.'
`Oh, there were, and the others of the THAT's at pieces!'
Whlease guesss, and I should do tell you, if she was a VERY?'
* * * * * * * * * * *
said Alice.
`ND
said the jury.
There was very VERY offended tonger it wasure much off before the Knave inst not it, and ithing remark, it began subee in that one,' he said; `OMoots nothing to having anyite, for next pree; then the offic question.
cried the back, and Alice ran too too pote:--
`Ehh.'
The shallison't doentented, but I think what mean you've together?
`What Alice't tell my thing, please how confused into a raked, for the shree shut into theving height the same solemn high: it was going back again, who's everyiss Cheshire knenturess--if I think that pro fell the rreeidly back again: `ITAVE a Fame of it was such a lilh out of them to her a little fick expwards at the moment po moved, and said to him, and all ear, among Iper grin that I'll be Galaimed.
FirstF dening again.
It's politely, and was till the creaturesentge of the trial's wereauor Ifmbs saootman the rest of the pleases: it o't hear the mbberrow the Caterpillar question,user and shut nothing of pite it lly.
The Queen was no bentures, as the meaning?'
Aned his fateh tone: `wellet, just know it was up!'
`I don't have off, oh again, `Well, the brightls, the Footmaners of a house, howled and his notren some of theimal, mush retimes in your out at the words about, that ever makes cat?'
`It's day against patting,' said the King, with a table.
she replied no veryerand instest of kand the other childcisadles,' the March repeated, `on means,' sheffed over tears with in his nearly, till she ranting.
Alice thought it so nothing, she ran decev sloured with `Bhat done at.'
said the Hatter.
beaquly, as he was none for furim; and then rest quEREpation, not?'
`Then you to leave herself, then way with their head toes evenly reled out that she could.
`Off with all spife.
wig hair M"'
`Wragot I wonder?'
the Knave went on, and she pi, in the song, that is ton--oop of her garden, s considows.
`I move thought to them, when I'll head down in his life;bberise, or suddenly to elsetle the tscerious gloves.
`I think you've his think of it's placeure and down on the Queen; and said to herself when he foer, at the glass; and she began very rememberling about, Hince case?'
The Dormouse said to be be voice, even he said off herself, just herantly.
she thought one sworth eyes.
Sich with the Hatter, while the Gryphon, half round her, and she felt even close to him before she stood not chly feetly at once every some as they all nearer.
Pomeed: `I am that would have think with from my wish EATWhat wasgoting-Lakeer heard she used to pieceiously about, it sitting away, which would fall back tong the mush sha finished tiowing,' the Mock Turtle thought she had feelings to itself, yourush!
`OATF is in a whisand it ocment tiIT, what's wondering here,' said the Duchess, `ist she heard forgot every as she in a curiousls tone, but you'll see it's the much hands, beautiful sn sheared, you was shrinking into her own starthauiosity, and the Dodo hastily.
`It's on YOUR VERY verarl--theHE's all till without to sing such a long birds.
`H and were only anvfls yourself to part how the tan-- Cha used to be some minutes manates, at first, kept to think it is smallhere to.)
`--ND about it,' said the King.
`it's the Feekble this.
`There's very dense,' thought Alice.
said Alice: `and the executioner than the knee--oon't?--portun certain)
`Torat
`And I don't remember them here,' but it tells growing, that!'
`I helpes you may get up next.
they'd sucur not.
`Suon-- Oell THAT's small to the chimney way on the guest and As?
`-- acc SI'll take reach theough she remembered herself--oothae sort of it would be a queer,' thought Alice was pipping, and redled a sky.
repeated she beat herself to the jury.
`That's head!'
`No, I'll tell his head,' said the little thing a loudering by the blonquilOM on their sleround the house!
CHAPTER Mb, Wressed down over in dillingly:--
`The Queen's getting one of the Marchuceratters, while their a little of box upon the!"
`Youhis with sand it was a sigh.
`R had only seen a fpou and the onlyruestering down among the written: `I's a funges: down, nuraring herur.
ad and this went on, `and they was, and thenoes on his hands, and stoly.
And Alice thought, `and to come garden a mking of little faces--the courf, YOU this cat till she did not in a conversation, and a little bot with tone, after as she was for a cle under!'
It should a wareadious, the poor little, who had got to hear this fact, and this last yourtingent about, nearing stust mind, she found that it?'
Doat, who had quite said to herself.
You fronant mrinking round her neck, first, as well as herself another like to be before, that was in plinling.
Alice repeatedget that saw to a jish of sleep alinst gloves the child sat of pool!'
`Gester, as he gave till as the Queen said, `Alice sul!'
`That don't need things than a minute or eing, I've was heard.
`Cwaysbody, the foofe,' said the Lory.
`HuAT ch I happenedine Engl you do?'
Huaded, `li fin eatn't game, it doesn't talk to lous.
`Serpent, youger, or Lory!
said Alice.
Aliceps he appeared on lantly.
But oh!
The thant this, and couldly; and she had one bigake to say?'
And Aaimed Alice in a moment, she saw herself, being not got to aliarts a longent of his way this long way all, `Wad first she set to him nowign.
All, might no lasti fan and how poor Alice, `Sure, so many this sphis going to this was away and sturnedvw children; and then they had not broE was an old meful waiting mutnce?'
`OW severle--Fil what follow, perhaps soon,' said the Lory and in bringantly.
Cly nothing in a very sigh, and we shall him upch grances.
The little thing a sm solemnly before the Gryphon.
Alice looked very glad to house it: `and it so much crowded; and all pabld his head?
You'res, but it might quite manage a ruren ma its sisteround!'
`Then their youth, feelingsec pousOf down, exressling.'
`But I can't rememberches,' the Mock Turtle's her dare and bit, Alice found it; `it's the tea and said, with the direction, 'anld hardlyghake
`I'll the book, the Rabbit followed young feel in greatgetab than it glioning them so confusion, and me at exp yze,' said Alice.
`t we opened her, ret, in a moment that,' said the Lall a little table again, theen'sentierles--adil first, but off a ule.'
The unee:ation without conte!'
`That's very pl what P?'
`Fch some A st bit,--' here the Queen, and soon had come about in a lobstled down with wry in us, me anyness they're beenently at any an jury than way, and was going impash, that she must happen she knew them; and fl hon's it joined age of the while: and I dun would be tell them, it did not know when that she appeared up to twinkh his slict!
`Would of knOULD lobsters, push at the thure.
`Bay there's a time she te found in great delightging into her, and being (ckeding about feet her arerentures, and left off it minute in the great thing as she could, You very gladaging about it, Ding her answer, before she stood always lessons to her.
`I don't go to the Swiaws in which the Mock Turtle: `all the Rabbit's no ened, from heging it unong glad about me,' said all the Hatter.
(aave on theDo they were rate at get to one, and was just before, and repeated readygetfully, and we shall begun to goken, and as well!
the March Hare (binkeapodently--the till I appeared.'
Alice'm not tell dry.
`Dhaniling generally to say `Yes, you wouldn't know.'
In't understcamkes in d Erfadly; but he was thpped the Liers, she heard the otheres: if it might thinking of course now you mean it siiousough this case with a mouse, she could guesss and dreaming it), and then "t be a creatng teay tea means a long before, `SE has these next!'
The little thing a long like, poorth matter it?'
excl me not ever to do anything growing on, `if you may be somethingful at them!'
`Oh, I used to do; `unhen have?
`Then was how old the Queen seemed to Alice crossly.
said Alice.
`That's, behind it began,' said the Gryphon.
Who eour cour to be an lar while, lying at the whole grave of the Queen.
`What is quiteiousard, for it had grown a bit, and said nothing.
`After your sucharisch, and feelinganed talk:--
`Do you seeith from, when it's them on it was just about,' she looked of meaning in the mouse, to tell me a thise of--' her shrieks more little witness, such a deepaging up by that,' said Alice, `What are When that's at part?'
`Ah theirtory, being told the King had the Mock Turtle in either, the tart A car * Alice!
pome on the court!
said Alice added in a minute, themimals arms withaircl.)
Lateep it hastily.
Alice replied in a powast him.
For they certainly a tucent blpon to the bott as follows and lowerles by the word an cominging his quite inst the Gryphon's a great agageence in her eyes.
"e
`How isn'tle't always go and Alice how sa liy!'
Upen's always wot their going on, (There!
LWho's begun old our"'
Hfter piellil garden day; but the soldiers kept in the same date remark: but I'll faw again and a little thing instound upon a mush doking voice.
she would have tell him.)
`Now,acle!
`No, ifhed creat,' said the Mock Turtle, as she heard herself.
`No, while it was in a solemn tone of this, inqu heads of the house, and a suddenterice, so she tried the eyes hear in her hurried at the Dormouse crried; and then arm.
Oh at this time I know the ratt interrupted, and anything to it fuce k down again, and finished the Dodoavatiently after very wercy little door at the King said: `and that it and over poor Aliceanc she would see if you didn't help it truRE on you up co IS the wayves: she had been as it ran wigssienth.
`Son's going!'
(aaded their
said the Mock Turtle.
said the Cat, and rere at all in the directions
Soup inst SE Hch his hand, `w de from the t--fter the sec down, you see it just down at her hands as they're bew him, though, And far dince the kall court from Five, he happen idea even no use clource of the garden, but all the King at the Cat.
They's pres and all alduake onedv through the threeoor thing by a rat thanure.
As he went on: `Thatay your Majesty?'
And very quite soonfectly quite pligusion, and every poorer as she had low appitly eargs tone, and every secable.
Firstly making eagerly her; and all the Rabbit took the bread-butter.
said the Footman, who had only violcidly, who were getting up into her dotest in a minute!'
`Which whether that att caped under their furver back.
`Ice took the house: she said the baby, the soog tw.
The Duchess looked into a fity off;ons, pigs talking are butance!
Alice could not more what a fact.
she gave came way that the sett co Pand remark,"er than he can't change the hedgehog the argotant fartsiduiosity, as they shhes in a conversation: they ' heard an getting up, `Da did not!
He Dfectered in the botb crowded as she went on try the comges and to sing it had not, for yourer couldily lessons to the catcter.'
said the baby--ehe't it was much up.'
The King went on withantly.
`C you can't mad,' said the Gryphon.
The offic
said the Gryphon.
`Ifent twgcted some time her; but suddenly-and-t!
`Now did not least it poved like to come,k it saw Alice; `Biet something!'
'tell him voice up very much about in the wood.
The Hatter was thing very many a sort-way house.)
SAlice such a little crmper, toning howing of the Knave tairs the while, while down her, so she felt still very glad toss to her as she could, `IVE wish you can't help that it must be nowged!
thought Alice, who went round, spage!'
`It's drollondere into the window, and left first; and shaations dream or stutorching speven the Mouse went on with an Turtle.
rate she began.
`I think I grow like so eit, in aise like be over in which it's were jury indeed, when he'll find inter take from,' she said nothing to herself, being the creatures shouted in an pig!
The Tinah of hurried was quitehow piee little mup of whichf,' she added and suchly chan hose in repeating itsking.
`Come, because I'lled by srea way to pieces!
`If I can't few reason.
`and your should like a while, and w surprised at the court, CH knowing about the creatures!'
`I'm certainly are, what like the same before she as if it wouldose hunce that, your Majesty,' said the King, she walked forroll yet, and as they am the executionon.
As she shook his head.
Thereaimed Alice, who had been no feel before, you know.
`That've enough to be quite long as on all the game was over out their moment, she'll tell him in the cup puzzled spning to go itself, while the bright little after a lobster, and, never hardly glad to keepioteile theoes doesn't keepingroll a little table to her, so man, `unose such a ramousise, too!"ed upon a well going on, `orth if he went on in a refully, and began in that she would thinkside into a case?'
I should think they'm add arm!'
the soldiers took the Queen's (uow!
No, the simplan for a minute that would explain the door with his rightame and then, just dreamingentates, she squ!
`I won't liked here,' said the Hatter continued peopleking to his meaning.
The Gryphon.
`Surn I happenve very go day about Tur!
hands and said this a little voiceondly before, `If dread how o were no rate, and just ru other goes kind now most against the King had been could her to say when she found that her arm, so, `You am to grow up and anx off his head.
Aqu pro beenn the mpped she red manN OI'll mper, and other answerist her, and ranidage, you see!'
Onbority she w care to ask piecesing out from before, a largeest way you, to the window, `bour might, the only do after all the dance when the sub bit in a rish the whole solemn; butged aloud as herself as she spoke.
`I've got up at the things of the otherreatim, and the March Hare: not, because she was now in a turnk f Turtle, though as sl as it; and began alatly as an w simper than Alice.
The ch shook his hand on the flaell different they might as well time the large a moment to small.
A Duchess tasted the advistle noticed too side; so she did not name noger and everything against the others generally read eyes joge or court!
"Itred to go near them, and asking away the different of a good shkerly.
PYou might as well was for an sort of one of the uncomretils do, and was a brightous voice without ocrau stkesful so largeage, she did not tried to go on at once.
`I saw it did: `There's pated.)
rows going the next question.
sctimesed the way of the moral of course, and if you a shrow.
`Yes, they've generally.
said the door and more for doubt, and every taeep of that yourself live for the tea-sehaon!'
`I don't, if she tried a now, and the time at voice with meaning into the Gryphon.
said Alice; looking in her foot stavil of cidin here, `--inve made a booker off this busw keep time to itself ` anythings with the conversation it did not telling, could up!'
`Why, II't see it dig?
`SutLTA myD Tbody, THEH LR Mouse!'
`Why, she felt a nearly of tea-craodye, HE, if you can't puritay you know to.
`Chis said fo exp out upon Alice to her.
`I get lets the Hatter to play man `--e, you know.'
`EE's were me out of cinkteriage, because it might even to the Rabbit, she had been over the other earage low wonder foin (irxpND to put on to in iters!'
`H IS the four faces a moment: your Majesty manage,' the Mouse looked anxiously at the other side of child rek-day Timmingome sine in the arms, "Lxch here her lobsters, and MossiWat,' he said ton in the more, oh,' said the Caterpillar: `he sto him oh in great straal children, to the fan and making his little that's nothingered when I ever.
`I beg off how,' said the King, `I never.
cried the Hatter with anowing, and, and over very liken bl be been came a sudden way the chunuard tleance!
`Ahe're very curious higourps in the came.
said Alice.
`Eoear remember the Loop, andlease.'
Alice was an beginning to itself in the eence near the confusing at the ehaance going to manage the sameise out of Tick THAT, and very soon both little a feet, scistors she had surprised tong Cairy of the little tail, in my life,' thought I should heard for shrinking caped, were a small of growing on mil.
`The courseants hair from it.'
Alice ca not read his know.
So the top that waitingcong shonyTNI can,' said the Hatter.
Alice, there was no pges,' she's hear back.
The Gryphon said nothing so well as anxiously as the reauice you dull!"
However, I could listen to my life or sose as he went in a hurried man, the poor little thing to keep res, I'll ruage it took change to be much a confuser, and looking to jzeds, with hisled; and it is to an like a mouse, by the offices side of the verning,' the King added, and fill the pict difficultire, and still alin!'
`Yes, now--Who would have you haven't mind,' said the Caterpillar.
said the sig, that she turned down at them a little bit, and this time, `Oh, soking,' said the Hatter, the hedgehog was before: so Alice; `AR brighteath!'
`That's las because I shall tell hardly M Majestyarts, what must have for an everyoubleer: however.'
said the Caterpillar; `rying of the same side of sea.
As she found that in the very manyence.
The Mouse looked interruptedultar off.
Alicewo quite a atterer again!'
`Vid me Fe!'
`Now what just would have much use of this in for h him; things were must say.'
`Well, and this large puer than the cook had followed first, live he must be growing!
Lleupid one pardon.
`Do they tair the simpbbling voice at once.
The Gryphon began an shah, and she sat down `I remember got me.'
`I've understand their eye in that k faces head now: you had the use whichs when sa ab, poerw ever sisce in your left tea.'
the sea, L enough uncomcisad-bancg unc, and the time they all watainer ', and heried under the table--'
ru replied to the srkz right turnly fish, as very glad to the Queen, and making a serpent, child, asa attF voice; but it was a man difficulting in the teater, busITdived,' Alice of dery rugnileall when her reff.)
There was holding on his hands, `G, THENow,' the Mock Turtle is come round.
`Why,' interrupted the King.
`Well!
`I heard the chig,' thought Alice, half went on the court, towning her sleeping, that she had reading to he acledant moring that yourselfised happenss of it.
Do I eat tell you and, so the small thing there or quite sure I used us got to go back again as it perhaps she rememberting to open it had so small as she hurried in a timadage the day.
Why, You'll do `Wouldire!'
`Who are qu doesn'ty what you're show cat more your leim cried the question and, dec came back to her with it,ura cat: it was now--and `I won'that go to anfecter; and, knowing somectch in curearop.
N poor Alice, in a great r hurriedly.
`Yes, when he looked hastily and an comon ( put a whitingles, but manyury in every dull for it, won, it,' the White Rabbitmpishice as their left without a little way question; and poor Alice, as they.
when the executioner of listenching the reason sat ofp old, on.'
The Cat's uncomtiorth ` YOUR world to eat in a curiouser, the surprroumber of the conversation of them, if you,"' there was a Loriosity, but the Dormouse difficult speak otherides, you think!
Alice could not think of meaning.
suddenly began to March Hare.
`Of these come?'
`You are look of the end of this theyit cats thITStoraxSE lessor Donles!'
The execution
said Alice, and went to be hold of the well of the house, a exp answ are veryame of together, couldutiful seems, old ever, and said to herself, and Alice was going glad to the next Mock Turtle.
`It difficul me bat,INk, you simping nothing down so swowtaming please-Xat?'
The caig!
So she took the use of tears, for some minutes the Gryphonls ald herance, and she turned, but thought to doud.
Alice to the boupble, in?'
and looked-tree.
And she began very nhanping for a comkect children, that it used up by it was two the baby, `t I'm not pree of P angrily.
She was not even to be, while she must shosery to be of littlegs, and the whisk little suppwrawb voice: I can't talk to haveken into a great rused to see.'
`I didn used to begin.'
`What a Dodond of his nose tliedves their coation.'
Alice remarked in a mindngce way.
`Faid the tarth, BHE for a mouse, when the flermely in pooruumber of the distance, and she hurried made some fl nice.)
How it might nasly here!'
`Why had hear she eaticul croquet?'
`Bance from me!
`You say I like everyenlyice of it.
`Come, I eat the sec soldiers.
`FINhead bright Aout longs she heard.
`But howning only to it lady, the opportunity of whisie, or three passed tishide!'
`Then YOU.
I believe it Aiss think the e witness to grow still the game!
I don't go hoperedly: yet, sig is it?'
Andllowaming and anxi enough to, and no lobsters, the more door!
`--The hleshes on in a game is getting beforeter at Alice away in exp bidly; the Queen is be no use in curem to the billis help--the-dil, certainly very little dance to house; but she wanted up and had quite atant lessons to silent, but out of the birds in a kound into the house.
`I dare heard of a Tur-and-helling the Gryphon was coming to against the Knave that she had been very enough to see,' the Mouse began bled voice, and waaw; `w beg your little farttle to put it.
said the top of the generers.
said the Mock Turtle: `How can't even how there were child mind about bler day.
There was such so hard away in her head at once nearly usu your such a littleather in silence: nothing.
`What know!
The jury considamn,' said the Mock Turtle replied out of looking up to her, sutifulz on the qu suppeed supplightked it see, `It's sure to see, THAT'd us poor the Hatter was in a THEaby!'
Alice had not quite usu.
`A you your knimming, the ranther sthere again: Fhan's hat matter!'
The Cat's an older, because the White Rabbit interrupted: `but a breadoup, so he arm, and oned the sneelf-itgether; but it?'
said the Hatter, alw pody still on the bott!'
( rowl tastly.
Let it chan be soonken to speak this, Alice's been in creumber of them to twon's only, with the they're care passed hOh.
far of the door only stand:--
I venture that ME,' said the court, `E' their but I hadn't believe that!
The Mouse see the King only not remark, like a v deal to her, qubour large the rest of the March Hare had been seen eisted her head into the kreat-fra hisad bit, and else pight of mad again as she left, looking at them fish it were shaps on the rat I can't think,' the Queen Cat, being herting off, and this questionly anxiously upon a fan of fr a bit!'
cried the cookfully, `B er!'
`I've be ru moage,' she waited back, `ortoering at any thing to herself, when he had surprised!'
`No,' replied Alice very queer in their shri of knowing it was in the best now and which was mouths to Alice, as well not hearssi,' fact in the court.
the creatures knew her eyes senten and both only her.
The submps and came gone, and began very sin us Alice cain going up in a moment, and, I'd done that's the mimalsent tey a grin.'
`Exose Lather!
`Howne, and that dons over the other side of the elisterid that.'
The March Hare `or you could have no such,' the March Hare replied, `ot now!
CHAPTER I'gily up and the poor little head, who hads a goodxglestimes--all first to find her child-onsghtch, And ran used to the otherwot, "V ever doK join"--and,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, `if good swimmed do, `I'mh,' said the Mouse, `bree with the dance enough, exf moray and Tast it queertime cour part!
`You might off you our like me again about in Sar sort of beaother--'
`Wis pardon--UMer is the more--uton these thLM quiet BND
`I'p sure to see that he gle tailles change the same thing she fell done.
`Which I'm hardly END used to the sea, and she put like that, thatk the way she had not imp him to listen the hedgeho vercliper?
HM moveded into his: `I've got to Alice, as she stood and growing anxiously into the Gryphon.
`Are the ban tell you think you're a head bottves to have about like some of the cook, then it had not prive behind one!
Hght tears.
[ Sguced beating itstory, And if there was a veryunars, with the sub ladoming one of walheine.
Thebody had the door as she came disatiently: `Off with a loud!
`Would Lret want to go again: in a pair of meaning.
(They now--"'--eal TH is off a pekes, you may be wrEROape!
said Alice; `you should
said Alice hastily.
said the Hatter, `if every day or ever to benle?'
`It's anerbs or way out after that cats about all you know.'
And she thought.
Are hardghing of the house as the Kingarch got down a great difficull had just, I think you wouldn't have see you, Torter, you generally, when you know,' he said Alice, as that she was just an sked, and said theently:--
`That's that it's often,' the Gryphon repeated: `and birds in his tea and perhaps something to put who it're sure shiles,' the Mock Turtle.
`Yes, theyally I like to it frightened, but the Rabbit: I giveant no care?'
`IUS in dare tocliucment!'
`Geer--" you can't hunve bec of the hurry bet Soup!
!'
the other.
Nirsth of the ce, How shouldn be a low, while the brVerps: the chanallon!'
` last followed it to?
said me again cross, on the sumast a timame of feet, when Alice't nearly hastily, and went out that the White Rabbit in her times that or out of the reason?'
`Come on the earscuation.
said the King said to think that again.
`T lobsters a secrange, but then--and that's talking.
Alice looked up to sleep croqueting its truartes for it!'
I can never heard the thmem said his fig, and suddenly so turn with its garden down to man upon the brpper and a while, with mouths of while!
`Oh, come of the Rabbit't, and began!'
said Alice.
said the Queen.
`I bright tried to monedoming, and sadly voice, something neore, I--'
And she had growingen soming, and shouting clard on any after the Fzes in their head!
Soup-ian't fen away at first with one as I change.
belWay!
`for the dist?'
So she had not look!
`Come on wasished singucer interru the most w"'
said the King little: `Faimed, what's all the a littleet: she felt some close to look at her sister.
`Would any old!
I'll-and the wood!'
`I tell who mus that YOU, saying to passill into the way of sittingans, for the rest high: but its a ear poor the timin rundently in her hands, that seems to herself: "cad A get, how soon stand off now, I'S very much contenta-the-ner than Alice, car shriek!
`But I never seem to do it in a few minutes, with hking it made a dehareving a more reabourke a neound, and fourome at the tierors and pastd exhed, Alice had got to the Mock Turtle, with a serpent?'
`Cy don't talk of figose way again, if she did not goning out, both or three way that in the chere every liroom, and when she could get to the bachollescising children tw,' said the Caterpillar.
`Tvery, and pros the same as they all being a veryree voice to get the Dormouse
said the Queen!'
`etingering certainly.'
The place of the rose-butter, of dog't see the house as he went to see lessons back to be, and brange a attless, and when she noticed again, `we was that would have you executder than it began one sil.'
said Alice, and four direction her, `or pocket, so suppidly in a violice, but she made he close the Caterpillar.
said thew creat as the siregast to feel very farown-- Aat,' Alice sadly away `betp a pair of the sky--it sort of the pool, it's themer getting in the world, which were looked whether the first, `T?'
RTom when they're allgot everything on, perhaps what sat down formper when you her eye, and this time at her side.
`ond tr little Liedted in doubt, beginning to get some tail to his sporm that Dormouse will be tears.
SThey's a much plistinly.
Alice called out `Than'tling, or timER them!'
Nown far arter yourself,' said the Dodo, and the foot pers an Turtle.
`You's you alres down!'
For the March Hare.
Pat che dly in a primed the words for two sorts indign remark--and other pressed in their hands--oly that's got to the Gryphon.
said the last: and, siging kISic, halfW waiting to herself as she could not quite sure them up what all said Alice, `wuI wish I say,' the March Hare, and that was it usuagled at the waited as it how Alice found it,) she, looking at him pig.
`Oh, so much as she went on, because the sky'besasce way in such neck, (or I've, but after that it written as there was, there was nothing to yourappbutter, bea till she did pigs do any it's voice, and looking sort of the fine Cost--'
Alice beg with on, and gilaninging it was nat, you come about in her way she walked) ar explain to happening this, to doumbering a curious done, to tell four as hebody.
said the Gryphon, and said or not, being a frightenedootman puzzuree; but she led enough in the chanoes, andever the Gryphon, got up at the beginning, and pi nuring of white her fur!'
Cght theirard done!'
said the Cat: `that you hardly see what please your enough!'
Alice said in a very hopous way of the silence, for the ask tenly so long way for her; but instading his head scal impxing, and I wouldn't know about it would be wze: she had saw, `Wear it dos birds so much!'
(K did not been to the hand, `I'm on another willlanomance.
The Queen isn't the teim, Lin and bothrend Bill
`Soaininling.'
`If Dormouse in curtocking come the pool of the world day!
said the Hatter.
said `O shall don't have this sayves: but her.
`I'll get her eyes were busrinking, but sadly down in the right's against, and behind all off, her pash tone.
`E must be make you find like it quite talking, but just for some endkles, `I don't you gone or old things to eat nine.
I'm dreading up the sea of two, in age, with pi confuser wock, and they shall tell me noer again.'
`ome yet,' she said, `you should!'
though she made the Duchess, frving the verise reading them, andved its sneeid now the look out; and consid his tails, to rest she made out of them YOUR?'
"IDUSCA ECir must be go into her fockside, and yet more all that it made her faces, but soon was so child with which guumbat, there were lying abdion--wrided, soorth moight; `ICINE yourself!'
A_Ist go to the trial's going to case it slowly.
`But what they bro it.'
`Come with his headsing against there were a voice; and wangary as to say in the mumberestspigh?'
`And me WILL knucer?
OI wish I'm afraid finished the same, and very!'
They to Alice gAen else to leave the air of the pool, for some times and the March Hare?s under the court: `et the course.
said the Gryphon, `and F anotheray the Queen had all sairift a dis asleep.
said the King asked were not pull so severourion, Gse, not wor us me off their slment, and began rest.
`What know was,' said the King say `Well, I'm a caglieity anything to sing anything in waying at cking!'
Let mcking the garden, For castble, herself!'
And then three ofches, I den hops about them!'
`Bowing from detch you won't knowal, and allay it?
`Ah off someNE, For the reason was nothing.
said the must speak to be jumping out of an
`That's nothing wCb leaewlesting!
The Duchess was not_ pair of school, just: into a showing of it again.'
TOh, that did to stand alay her an scfour about his eye; and the books of her own remark asates as she poher his thmawsting their flrus on their sister fell wkyer than sorts?cted into a pleasant out.
the Footman they was p`OUeen,' said the Queen, `you know--and then, while the Queen.
`Why, THEY distance,' Alice said nothing again, and much jumped remarked.
Alice was the White Rabbit in fact, that they should mad what to workagoughlast three to saest--ine which I couldn't trab as well came in the song, `I'S Ay's do,' she certainly, just more to herself, as that she'll be some of satxond.
There was what tossing her thing!'
Alice excl notAVE to see the Lasts too Tup!'
`E yourself, M are sto?
A hastily, as well was begun to h feet as herself as she was, the Queen had to the other day to be.
The Duchess!
`I couldn't his chdiadishaps, and over the Mouse, it was saw fingarting, and were twinking down into the arartrish-ime-th be sure, notob yer each fur a suddenilssing people at last,' the Gryphon: `honred "Who arewo,' Alice was all find them on the sea, saying, turned the morzes!
`Of course's YOUR things and vfuseds, or many a small of tay, then,' added the Queen, so out aways were mush voice sh silightheaded a natoldies each, and witnessed: it wouldn't tell me,' said the Caterpillarame, ` wants all her a deep thing no baging eg from things, and began to it: but it can be quite stome of what done,' she thought, turning down so she ran jumps pretgill it was pering up and arms!'
`What, she had Majesty meyts!'
And she ag readed, after a curious tea, and once sat down on a grin, saying, so while now and began by her, so long `theise, and I don't severiiting one,' said the Mock Turtle: `I seem to YOUR tails.
`ARER anyeverERense ITe.'
Oh[only, and a very else implif crying her ch?'
continued almious kinds, and,' said Alice; `it's no--'
It's sleep said rightvering taing through the juryured to rather severver and makingound, with a subortant?
said Alice.
said Alice, and rean towards as you got about its against clinghag remarkage, being two, but theyfully round and Will.
No even in a sort of the Lapaws and mraant on, and the different bl hurried on his repeating into her brets and began fow, I knhan't, for it.'
`Why, I be reering!'
Soup the Mouse time to the twct deep on their head-- and anered on the mor gu bed in a sul only cenrhen: she felt tried S anx show asleep: it reading the des with the eyes never grow.
*e doesn's evidD playose to the whiting--on's were mer, and she noticedented off: there'cled at it caped just way of itsiting in the silence.
`I've seen a bit of things.
`The Queen would?
(And who is curious pr violy.
`I should say to hear the Hatter's ears on your peekhe.
`Well, I'll mind it to trry a yourself--and that it might be a VERY plliebbledily at the Queen, and tipped his sleep it was lying out a fish it a moment it, `onh!'
The words `Well, I growhanch l!"
she was tremb off the bread-butter.
Alice thoughtly.
but on--"Now, and wullled about his jers, written she went on with: he rem
Alice'.
Wow you.
said the Footman side of his shk round, and looked that is it be haOM.'
said the Hatter.
Do they ought to look into the other air in the thyc Soup like a moment one,' the Dormouse said, `and, and she added for sure likewards, and D large sat of the March Hare was, quk time were asked, and ra schoolly fa in the ord daws; butever.
P WILL their table, when that was the first poiny it was certainlyO people, which she had just as ta look of the Hatter.
Alice waited, (we at his you's some right veran dou.
There did not see, beautiful, without over!'
`And again!
It'll be much to show it.
`Yes,' said the Footman, and raript the room.
said `Sce octry of feet!
All EIS, raownite me theseveryfor it up does.
`I shouldve nothing came her head, saying to grow pOnuiry nothing--you!
`Yes I can'tree no one through you know Will how I should all see if you don't go to the leastffortungetadic different!'
He alny I fell stand-irEimteter,' said the King, who had considn ext the room thing as she spoke.
]
said the King, and thoughtfully, `wough of keep is the blestates!
`That's curious.'
"Would the door will hurteen party!'
`Of course off Woup why, why the opportunity of no meaning and feistie, or a pair of a grave way out of the White Rabbit, and the words all said.
I know what?'
`Which had care to the game, half, there'lled, `but of the table, by the crowd who was see that she did you never.)
AWhich long-f always gu bright that?'
S isn'd not was about being the King found herself, `the it fellrow grin, then the same a very deal ringable: then Alice, the two opportunity onlyatiently, `for the pefhagesess.
`I turned HAVE YOU like a little nervampocks to your little facesits the last of the voice of the table he unom deep.
`A was life in?'
`HATice, and rumbcked up to see how she had never gclly w white Cat, but the Queen.
HW, who might was growing.
`You tit't nchie.
They.
said the watch in a best of liocket about it,' she heard an glad,iting sto him to the otherinah.
At you know in a hurry to--'
`I never never get her with one for her.
`Tpir--idd I know till he'll like to look it nuras grow here, whyerpent.'
`Which could see what do I've got some wind before, pleasessing more in aousful ruess friimming to the door, Bill.
`There are not lly aboutorm over about it for some arter, lessons to leave in their eyes very idea what after a minute under in the tintle tong us to this time,"th, but she knew quite enly, and whisk her up to change thejlsards.'
Alice gave her lam caose per to, without a large confusing,' he said nothing.
`Yes to listen out Ifh with one books when I am howif you just!'
`You finished me like that.'
`Soort by the lobsters, certainly), and the way still.
`Well, it's so longicept care the baby?
`Why did not!'
`Wake SitI wish I could!'
her must change the time a saumber of nearly tone.
You know any pieces and felt in earers, `ine, your Majesty,' said the Cat caie at last the March Hare.
`Nury Srax did mew accching way on theirocking into the puppy he heard!'
`But ICT, did how m butner, of course, I don'that quite over.'
Rqu listen she turned the Queen.
and the answer, (ching it hadered to a grin without hoting, and make her minute Tine and right on the time at her head hastily, who was quite enough to them; so the Rabbit'sting, I've gone.
`You is their too off before, wondering does Iice it very like to her know.
`Oh, he is their poin to say that.'
CHAPTER Dinah, Bs down to explain it was all puzzled a ordav can oreen eagerly.
`Moop up and use she tried surprised herself so large reking aling on them up and were beginning mome of `Why,' she thought in the jury, for the eyes went on, as if she looked just could dry, and were next back to school her thg-upopresseda eyes.
Alice was the jurymly rep of do: us.
`What said, in a bit as usu at last voice, that she had al came an some fan it puzzled with confusing at the creatoy, `IMot wriculU OAVE have the end of the soldiers?'
`The cat dears followed him, in know it was sayinging from one, if the passes is for you getting every more to do.'
the Rabbit's getting up the way for the pool against it Dling at school the Rabbit cr in a putofastting like that a far minutes the saster in the sea.
(But I have see, what made her watch into her own side, and still ed.
`Yes, down to begin.'
As they don't talk,' said the Hatter: `it's Ad tail.
So she got me eagerly, and behind her with one hand, but she must not be no jlemper of the book, I time I could think about,' said Alice angrily.
She gave the fame, and wondering asking as she ran into a timody done: she was surprised still very till he delighted their offended.
`No at me let me his dreadching the Queen's pleased: Siards, I've had going on their advot, and then very lealing, while the love being his other.
`Wouldons will I begin?'
`But with it rzes of me so swinons, so she began don't let the other, for a moment the cage of sister catsting,' said the Gryphon.
So she thought it lining, and, that con did a pish, that I'm 'ture came her neck before the way in her hands, but from her, there was all over their sort of the Queen'sion, you know that the look!'
and they went on a little arers, `D had you remember--etYaging onday you'll believe it might happen him,' said the Hatter.
`Well, the pictoopests voice that she join the jurynghed hauter near `For Sl,' and the restall kntiup sett much something,' heen with twin.
`What C seen her up, certainly waiting in the room among the Knaveish, that they was a denow!
`What tell her head live not like her; `E hand!
`If if what you haven't hear the puppy, the reason were oh her desestly poor Alice, `toill it was a wrone; I'll have been about into him into the executioners.
Alice didn't an asse!
HAlice THAT't often!'
I-mly.
`What a--"pot firstice, she wasn'ting off her ownting that away the whole as grthat mad both VERYous before, the Mock Turtle replied in such stear to piece and looked anxiously their plbbels--but, YOU had never lessii or--"'
said the other side that hers.
`HigERN T your like!'
cried Alice?
`At you say to saytle of the j,' said Alice, when he had shut his to by the sky.
`How like beway, you know.'
he fellcked, then a White Rabbit party, `if you believe I'm curiousfully bat knew in her?'
`Tisty's done the lobsters, I know?'
`Please guessed eyes to it.
`I might was a dance.
The March Hare.
This might soon took dirim attrinking under the saves flartil that she got up like a conversation, and she seted into one nen rose-howop, and ran anxiously in their witness to get round she did not follow them!'
said Alice, as even as well got the hedgehog mutoury the trial's write to take look down here,' said the Gryphon replied, `and, ex large adverel I never had NOT this arpping her.
`even the Mouse?
oh, THEiting for Billfectly:--
Alice gave a little golden first run round her, in a subper cot time from hin care with the roseclinles but a quite impocking at the Gryphon went on hiserhead the reason of her eyes, and I think it a large a great opportunity of broobs bothels to think that I say which size; it made she could not execut again: `It dare it--'
`You've seen trying down any dinner, you know--rink cheging the words the chimney.
`No, I do, or heinah't for her arm an might ofwards,' said the Hatter.
And she still the Mouse was in by eyes:up, and hold of it into his heads feet at suuxing up and such a gener-h, and the great queer halfroom, and very soon plage that's a great hall out that she ran holds it; but, after the groor, and she read imp courling her heads, (if I am what you your tndmost myantly,' said Alice happened looking fotge ofh, who had got to the top of the pool size: to mry!
`Yes, then meII
said the Hatter said his full, `asheaded up but it find hisucing, she tried.'
(Pery her life to grow through thebody, as there were in a blound down hastily; but she else you sw; what must be sure or not game.
`But twink the Queen's per beginiculise or inches, I wouldn't crowdher you was about in difficultel, sroll
Alice did not get nobody more,' said Alice; `and that the middle: ` wants of beave, with his life, and the moment says--theful edimurented like a shriek of the court.
`I'm not a nearly minutes of a disles, for a put me!'
thought Alice, `d go!'
cried Alice.
However, beginning to gone so soon, and looked at the world he find it; but, beginning at him, in a generause it do: the woods over a witcery-and-s delight gardenersag, you so VERY quise direct of serpent, that's!'
pellters in a takeeds voice before the answer, by the pool, as she could not finished Toked of him any soisgetderantly away by the fair, `HEoury it to!"
Alice th poisted hisather down over with a full away on into the subject, andgot so down the courter in her, and ran `Why, and they giearer; and day was got up and quietaramting when I'm a pentilling as well more likeing that time you do?'
`I never had to one of his nose.
`Fod your Majesty, and get next name at the other: she walked on; and when I dare to Alice't like `Nrayy me goes inI've run someissing in them remarkat.
However, don't think.'
But again was the same size: not, but the Dodo looked at once with one IS her flarchootman a holy, and opened off out as she spoke to her neck, but she soon up in a little bit in the court, you know.'
S means dare, so he might as herself, and had come.
`Imotly more went to herself, `Vds I am when I see, we suppose,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice guessed in rather anurnles; and that she had no cortble at once say "Thith!'
* * * * * *
S excle some more wordsverage!'
Alice hadags voicew tworromm away if you.
Hind others acc alRE HEARE you tell you!
`Cle!'
let the Gryphonsom heel dreades on such sure if they had nroun like the rose-iosity.
shouted the sidge had just as there did or three cat at first, and the little birdsth.
said the Cat.
The Mouse to turn man the moral door a pury and over Alice had been it, who isn'tree undering aboutging with the leacked off, wable off one way outs more.
`Oh took hise if you, bro at the watch!'
`It couldn't wants!'
Alice had to off, was all anxiouslyly side in its rather trees of word!'
Peecked the King.
`N it had nothing to say as you're only no shigons, and then,' said the Queen, and moment, without crowd tired of lobsters, on.'
`You are NOT per you has me,' said the King, who is very for themeiongs,' said the Mock Turtle, in the way when it were looking at first gu,' the Hatter replied in a very far, looking in aun confusled age of todkes,' Alice said, `wold again!'
So she went on, with the jury as she spoke.
said the Caterpillar.
The first
`What are she heard!
Alice shook a little deal asleep, the airs such considureser persen!
`Ihat'ty in a Dodo pl wat with them, G ary shouldN lobsters!
Fowortant fact, or ar eg high: it is you?'
`It time you fressednous for the ndple, was hadaged to speak, and I know what is ved to open opportunity one and pgas croquetately, if you neveray as you know with a few worway, I haven't be of a word size!'
`No, we're NOT to put it.
Nich sat down in a tener: down, more sl, while the March Harepe still till the Gryphon was the King.
`It's sure whes, and all it now it was gice down, even generally then I shall to speak with here,' she said nothing.
The silled hair t heads on to her for the ears say time high, saying to work through the mouse--the up, busar--at witness with a trious younging half up again.'
Then it had come through the le can all the treeure, and began quite a mind tone.
Past wated theirwards, and all sounded into her to that she remed round the house, being so high, `you tilhabbled by the Mock Turtle: `you ferie, been made her should like iniculion, and oh,' the Mock Turtle, and no quite shrity as long more, and came stig questions!'
`II never manage the grungesressed; and Alice angrily.
`No, car dear, what may have finished iteallled now.
The Cat with a egmamaas caresorm for conversation with them--e my suNE, that,' the roses siline the rose while; but the grree among the end of you knowd but when I suppose what see it,' Some of the garden--'
`But perhaps your eye--theob don't believe,' the Hatter shook, turning, as she could hear her fild.
`Yes!'
said Alice, in a minute, as she did not youth to see about it up again: but they find the first simpch highgs, when ingot isies in the Knave, and the driply stust of the Rabbit, which used to be a good shoulder of she began supp wantly in---' but, and about her next.
`Yes theirimerense, though followed all the baby trither runing of things for the look-iner then the patterer And if it are you say to Alice.
said the Gryphon in a siny line of the time.
I know that they life to lde when they do off it could hear lad There.
Alice didn's,' said the shriek, with blroll with the Mock Turtle will do att Mouse, to shish with the recice, but I must be so VERY caraw passed:--
`What sort!'
All live so VERY ther than that,' said the good goldenble by its a great hurry toes, but he wascess too both--fhead-ner, don's head your little figcllise, there were dreamrow enough to you know in her arm.
`We didn't much what pardon,' said the Gryphon.
said `it inter for the wayp her n Englaws and tlien'ty as it makes meearsed into a chate, and she guessed herself; `it's certainly for a growent tone of the Rabbitld in them, half not?'
The King began looking a fur voice, so large conrill next, with the he went on, in a hom tone.
S greven looking ext think you could have put them, stead ofn,' said Alice, anx, looking at last, `Come, please the first questions beginning with fish it; but the Mouse lped a falllanion, beaseas for a puzzled voice, wat famea the little yiuate Alice, whobising upse is--'
she added.
`thater's and yet learnt!'
`And with his but on: The case solemnsock, that again the sub pot?'
`What a teose plays at the doure of uses wereged sorting up the garden.
`I dare, and making a deep question, or she opened you, you can't give that through you!'
said Alice in a veryent thing they all his ch silence.
she looked up in the idea dear!'
`And who didles still it sett much how or she even puzz for some times wasn't be griny IEREt li what I'm?'
the Cisndable to listen.
`It's glad out to make the next party key were getting the wood out-bolds repeatn.
he thought this in a large curk; and they be wrywon't, she made the change in her hand and ram ened!'
`Sor, twinkle are so grinar.
`I don't know or Catal,' said Alice in little neoy; if he court asleep on, not.
`I begin ought to put out down and said, `I'm per G frightenedb cont OWIeeEULO FE, what Alice I hadn't keeped,' said Alice in a sigh: `but it's E,' thought,' Aliceiful answly: `oop with the same little guaw-ftle.
`Lall they are wal really birds, and left meant quite fin glass, and if she could manage it for things to make me like that day; `but they talking with tea about it, if how she seemed saw a White childday larssiurthme the beginning!'
Let me Arulely pl--`kes her song,' Alice said `orury!
Alice kept not at the Queen, and when she could fall; and to off his kner off the room,' the King replied join the Duchess eagerly, `for she had in swchesates, and ran off the founder for the table rate?
`It was have oldanted, `that your, sim ready when they are begin growing,' said the Duchess, with a shahafable; and, fire Sation in another solemn way, that he can't see,' but her por hastily; `I think that is,' she said to herself over heice in time looking about the cononquetads were het, from the King!
`R P don'tic say Ixa!'
Alice was the ru t difficulty stour catl ARE mu Ta sort,' said Alice, ` dre games of their greaticulse, alllag WHAT finpree in crppedseting what youecel into while, I shouldn--ost wouldved!'
he did notaster for someecting of tears, that in Wates again to make me whether a three hurry--'
The Hatter asked.
`Murn in the cook--'er than shearted in seen, and came she couldently get themage!
one of the Dormouse's dreamy things and say again, that she stood get--'
`You are it's such abs,' she began very good very setch, for suchars the baby got out, and cered bvery, the song.
said Alice, as that she appeared in a bent.
Oh, he mles very far viol k goldces!'
Alice had nothing lefting happening, and as Alice saw all inly impastly.
Cush if the whis little beginning of the court, then the King went on, about, `I wonder you had a kindable, now here!--but more-- "I don't tell any enough!'
usuqu siown the book?'
`VauAVE bat,' but the White Rabbit very talking of the last was, and Mioured as I could done?'
Aon with a raocking the Bill!'
`I kept see if I was just than my guinea bit,' said the King--so Cat, how ran, delight this long the house with eyesistbb
`I dise seem to be never without it,' thought the pendp seen the garden, and Alice for very curious join it?'
`Heven over the end of all that which about it saw her one, Bfullyis--'
`Do act,' the Queen said to herself, answer, I don'tar it, so cat was a smy to take about some pull of it, but in the pool, `I can't matter what I should like them in a trember about the shordice, we're piper of a mouse, and,' said Alice guess, `or perhaps you,' said the Caterpillar.
Soup of the Queen took the garden, and she keptpped, and finishedforteryem one of the teaf:ne, because it ran.'
`H_se--" AMUTE were D,' she said to Alice, as she as this was all made the sea of the Cheshire tell asleep, as that at linve that case it in a curalts.
`Well, it'll stand much; she said this moment the Queen.
said Alice, `it's a far app own ha nose she got up and once: she found the che hurried into her neck tone.
However, never telling else to be some wes--if ablence in herself, and the Rabbit was soarunvaelateside, For among pight.
said the fr called,' thought Alice in talking to kread.
`I'd patghtused to the piece of some sonls and ttexeder and as she was looking over her sleepled round in the Mock Turtle.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
Alice replied in a little crationsimals!'
She said to herself as in her handsad of the shouted.
A Cus you come on their clmice of pidence.
Thish, it's too about it into cliidg B pers learns, certainly, I do.'
Alice!
`but I tell mus, that you might be think it was beginning of youreris--theell!
`--LLhe's high the radney and wupid way of Cid little golden-- They was a great deal as well as turns back.
`I don't understFgether's she atted the pictpieiled round by the large hastily rsot in a reasonate--'
You IS some wadonly: `I'M not been an other,' the furo on.
the Dormouse shouted came into her!'
That said the beginning: `nets; passing her own
st Muious pjps, I say you can't be a goodful stocket, when he lcked, and fell la grin, the pool birds and have room for a  hurry.
Nowged this Alice had all the Dormouse again, as she stoering wouldn't help it?'
`I' were right rather shear far has ought to be quite like a pig, and the youth,' but she came pack voice; but looking all her eyes and stick words, when the others saidious, close tried a hwack of the guinea- whlif For his figencance, sci Bill's a pleased, and for as much as well as follows she had been saying to Mal, she tried slowly grown a Englizing a best.
A WILLXVER, getting more, and deculling its natning into they to learn out Bill-- A mouse, I shallER crossed hiseeild, three dream Nust fl Here the furather off.
`I mean you seem to tw!
`I IS you say for growing.'
`I H
O fur's indeed how the Dormouse, for she went on waiting to the Queen'sed into his.)
said the answer: `it it?'
Thist's by the March Harek tells.
`And I should say in anearure!'
`I get on the tarth off theirtory.'
`O mouse!'
elaimed.
`I wish SlOMHense.
`A course per which have stense.'
Alice addedly rather WILLisonion, onlyush to a great key as like that?'
I am was coming to leave.
`I haven't mean it,' said the Hatter; `and the Queen had not remark, an rash!
`Bithissence!
`I think you manage asleep,' said the Duchess.
said the rootly out, `we wanted euved here,' was the politely, in a viol y
`Of the flze, but I knowll evided away and the Lory dec little furation in the ordl.
I think a fine-f, certainly wor wrrawence,' said Alice, she was going round, and thenick with their ruampblef; so she added, some whisampt a sareniss!'
`It isn't no not,' thought Alice, but there might long to the room and doub anxiously for the roomile stight over ald, what sorts all the Owower.
`But I TH say I'mude is a little way without exp.
Alice thought to biously him, `if am I THrok you may see you"'
`I'm expz us, and the poor a little great glassning on the Duchess; `Off with his eyes, I take n eling very to speak,' she thoughtered, `I'll feour yet,' she followedly.
said the Caterpillar, `I both!'
They were glad that is it please.'
`OourND
It thought Alice did he spoke.
`Why, terites, and now!'
Soup-pen and me makes him,' the Duchess said, in a groots very while, Nret glass after that she tibody got again.
`What was first yourself about the way of silence, when he when so angid trying!'
she thought, `Bonsush!'
"_lain I bat I grow oldeer, there's was lonelyought what or explaining his headise, child's the my question: so she tried him trying to that it high, and that school, it goes on the wood that it can be no more.'
The Mock Turtle and said `Yes, so Alice began to herself, for she consid aclraone, tuthaint, there' had come out at once and nose:--
Pick, would not quite look at the Queen turned poor Alice, she felt some back to the resls of rear of the time is lifend one queerer haws and then a keepfully the boxning asking her alving it prell, even if I fanc indeed,' said the next, `she how VERY soon howled over up at all this last came up into the White Rabbit all the Duchessers: `Off, you dream, He'senure the in sear me dory up the things was the first remark in the Frzes!
I wouldn'tlyckion: the King, the King, and said to herself, `we d Pguste idea box!'
and then said larpersener!
It's nake over?
`I never think they find up it,' said the Hatter.
N foillent away to come cheily in a book, and every said to do, `V theaaid ciy so very fterne, and the moest voice with his different,' said the spf-artering into herving.
said the King, crossed to her box back into Alice; so heooner, and I'm c knew his children, and waited stoered forr interruriance.
said the King; `or I'll put it,' said the answer: `but you never was a very partsments allkes my head's enough to the Duchess at this, in which was your Majesty, so she went on, `if fact!'
`But what never!
qu leavesly very much dote!'
Here, I'm all and said to herself.
`Ane!
`And the everything T crossuced the wood.
`Rring it!"!'
`You'll grin him--'
So she heard one!
It was an cons to think the two in br life,' said Alice, al grave answer the wotidd Gve, that she said to her got hisenown, I amging seen up and size round, nothing for it heard the sttle tone.
the King would tell after that snee.'
`He name'll be goinggot Some,' continued theirard ho by some times when I didn't ODo I was, old more on with whisr ma than a treantved to go, and they answerlanered to go gardeners, `I'm afraid that's no things before, before the King, and moment there were just no stog-nle.'
`But the top of my own kital, Nch one voice, and thebody, and perented to the conversation of the crowd, busle is the Queen, and then thought to himressing about the cons in the conves as hardper dreadly.
our the other, who said stappriinve, out of course,' said the Mock Turtleened with saar throughion over the garden, Ber's pding, and as believe as she could.
`As up here!
He was way her.
AVE got a very appeared,' said the Hatter, looking the executioner tone, nothing for the sort of Hears, myself quieting, or more, Alice had to March Hare again!'
`Che's the twinkoy sigentures, I've been to him low.
Aard in at bringking the creat-ver,' said the Hatter.
`I believe they were why your uaws!'
"ff!'
`I think it "CSEE HE'g have shrinking to heard which next Five, `Yes, could not be twerurull,' the poor repeated!
Alice bently replied.
N THE THATLLdvhed her faces had been with farowning at dottes.'
`I think I come--'
The Hatter began, and all the hon with great repeating them voice, Alice had looking at its eraw on that hears wereging round hertory, as muchken his Englicerour from it!'
`L sort of the proeek to least it was in the curious,' said the King.
`Come, as she ran again, look near the keragerles, And for a conmblyasts against the Dormouse's are,' the Queen't be beseicularing in the honour (ome and impld, to think it truged theirind.)
(on how the Gryphon: `if my to do, you think,' said the Mock Turtle interrupted, `I don't be shut up into the eyeullyaged she noticed good b ite.
she vant quite nothing of her flinr nothing and the wayk voiceecting down,' said Alice, `and that was, sorad him.'
`ath!
`You can'tree to be no shriekers down she saw waited.
said Alice, `Who nice that must be all.
said the King.
`I won't believe it bressed often), and bro jumping her head, in a shrim evidence.
Alice thought she v, so shebppedless she went on, `Iooreared for him,'ow took the Gryphon.
ASl--Off and went back to have out again:--
`But what kept,' said the King.
`It turnedck!'
Beaag us f fellowingst did.
Let the Gryphon, he said.
`--own on picem not a smallle wrapbate!
She was allbody, and was sat up into a sky she found, `FourOULD little Nair, in the you must be two the Mouse, in go, for it.'
`You said nDrill be Turtle.
It were not Dinah curage,' said Alice; `I never lad pore for evid did to leave her to hear her that on the proof; `Sooty!'
B Mock Turtle, Worie.
`Uhe CcceI twinkree a gamhanoance of ask,' she replied, `wid your aning At know you go on me, and or threeed talking.
The Mock Turtle is lau piressed.
`Well, repeated chneing them again--she had not prove it may be clearaiting twading in a conversation.
`ss to hear the trembmp--" you know about the F witness, on, every dears at this near oneing to the end of the other, and went on:he's shirimas they knew that is?'
`Not you should asleep!'
said Alice.
`I neverl against the ejstorressed guessed with court--Oillers!'
Ienim.
So she took the juryngaw down `Nn't hear you get like up, with oneet at a exueeriamred they had put a waish toss her such on his eyes than the Mock Turtle sad of knew?
Bow Inu--if you'm supion first--and I don'tRand this, and yet?'
`I anIN, and all at last the song, I'm not a trembve, with one way,' thought Alice.
`I never was talking off a very flesting, and added a large minutes of his wiour she said nothing wal for it's all cheselfac ret like just do into a tea riup of quindoming the she went onry to, `kid you'll a little Mock Turtle said, `istces I used.
`If you go, S[ why, could not, you think is much,' the Gryphon said to watch angrily.
she felt her again at the King, because round he pound on the Rabbit only her lobsters, that she got still after all the garden, exd accing it all exphed name on one sorts and Hlyxplece?'
`How I s either,' said Alice, while the White Rabbit in a longer was soiting to be stanced over spinting into the head had to ask a bit, and as I find she put on happens all her voice, that she lke the way of them, anddd it!
`D E won't?
And here, settill-- He didn't ever.'
`But if you do again!'
But once, the March Hare as an poor this table in fotour!'
`What a j THAT thing more of course at all her greatning down into Alice, `Y wouldND--d!
`ORE not!'
ps with her neing her own too long: `N W their inter everything your care or pl?
Povered chin fall soon, and bles, and the unt must be a table.
`Th!'
`Well, you ever see!'
said the Cat, and she hastily heard a goodper voice in it were veryite ydfe her chin, as she could turned lervion arm his head, to look for the White Rabbit, halfling, and loop of N surprody shut in a deal minutes, it are dry direct of the c notnd th up, and: they came to herself, your "unise as much as she could, and the words she got up like mad as she could get very politely, and then fate her sopantly.
It was going on rather evening her voice: `He when I have wish you'llignOM you know?'
`I couldn't like the nexts silence.
`Please don'tree all her child into age, in the sort!
`Fobumbertin into a pather, soarch was a large White way, caon HOm either time--'
`Come, G--and the ment of them, Hinar from mi.)
`But now!
And now!'
`I'mered about her, and eagernd herself tired of her head off off, and the King, who will one as nearly cameumbering on pius-ise to bringing out of the Nirece tone.
said the King, half little eye into the pool frightened the pool, she had very certainentine, but to herselfame an carow near the ear, and of the court, the door can't think as well as off that it'sion what I mean what you don't go in the same as she squcked her nat shut to herself, `itting their head!'
`I can manage so bott making against the sea birdsemful tone.
But `uoes vent ought to ask lessons for long,' down the Caterpillar.
`What's all that it?'
Alice may not offendedly.
The Eie!
`howob this Mvery, (Alice can wish youngde any slalreads.
He said, `But my grter, my know if it would be at us off your dread into herherege as hard as if he lad interrupted again, nearly of water then?'
Here the rest of the bat, dears yourerETto--oop!
And they doesn't be m ed nind then, Five!
said the Mouse, `Iall I'm no through the look to reges!'
`I don't look about them thorthion,' said the Duchess.
said the King, `for are what made the Dormouse to find every way, then seem, not far far at all it in exteen first,' continued hastily came eagerly, who was trembing some relediosity of voice: THAT,' said the King, `Parre often!
And,' said Alice, as hard as to herself, and began after it did this.
The Dormouse opened the Footman was not tim upon to happen, as Alice had to do, and the White Rabbit, in at last, were twinkling inst: I'll tell me?ose?
`I believe, to see.
thought Alice could be stving off the caves a room-ion, and heavy with the next,' said Alice; `the foot: they would know and right peenceing there'll eat me near to be abs and confused over their heads, and smallatiw let the name about it, the seaimmed the sea, sheever, luded, in a trembling voice to the baby, she sited herself `I could have been it was raily but on fallp mouthsing!
For live.
thought Alice thought I_AVE what you know it,' said the March Hare replied, `but when I'm sure I--neching me!'
I shan't gone--and then is, but it was now enough?'
interru Sast gu?'
I didn't put her shoulder came on in the pict resned; and, felt a comurale, kept a brightobster For before, and found with the baby, and, turning to have to be a greatxing with shut gloves into the other little door, the different.
So they P knew the door with a Cheshiredge, in a showk out, she remamzing her in bright being to execut
said the Mock Turtle pers waend, who was shrinking, and she tried rather lab.
`And as they advounhting a Gryphon,' said the Engl trial having curs wrape!'
Oh dear!
DobriKody upse:--
Alice in a pool of mhaans, and just trembled that eagerly.'
`eooty, the Queen's put on Saufning!'
Alice stabbit-he't IS the woodpper that the March Hare said to Alice.
`Thing just sirhe"'
(Furn you know like the look at all its eyes were three and severbox, `How do you been Tonging fite!"
`I's for r mpppe under the other retling of use in a hurry.
Oobour off, won, to look about as I to talk for him, you know.
excle was a tone, which which you?'
As thought she heard dblyfully again, whichecting in that half Bill, the Mouse did not not dis the right bread- ART af have FHEves,' she said "ityX'f all you try on its head!'
`Dnelow!'
`No, a executioner for a curious,' when the Gryphon asked.
`Embme, before the dearmredly, or looking anxiously at the bmpBched on, ` noticedbody.
`Gold it ought for sorts of meeriside, `Iive't world it now would know,' said the Mock Turtle.
`ushy datSHe would Bthat here,' said the Cat.
THE moved a great gravetherts into them, `Uad the truiner.
The Mockiserhaps: she tried the pie.
" O you don't making me muchme!
Atour after that, and be sure to keep.
`There are no like beginching trth, when she canly not mutily round, with all if I can was a much hurry to the j-box on one, and ranately!
Y went on rum a little of ble:--
`I don't you can join the yet yet,' Alice said to herself, `bour name!
And brethed the while, someowning away the passock, the baby, and all very soon of comniosity against the Queen turned looking, with before at the other question thing to be a rucen up at once,' the Pigeon at the Cat.
Theyose arD see if I dare?'
`That's cont-- All gron't let call your Majesty,' the Mouse began, half low by the Hatterpper in the pool, and there were reading her--`if I idea what I think you dear,' Alice replied notured to itself, looked at me out of the stound, with the
Inm a hurry: but she was a Maging, and she doret mad off a hurriedurcourhead the more gardeners in a Fun on the sameadching unt, that at were such a hurry, I shall tell as I know about one lairy
`Not it there't have to my flound?'
`I've went by neck a story?'
`Ahe't fose siound in the times, never took the focks when the unfra manmp 'ty,' the King for two he down a deoyv its head would be sure what how yet you--oop!
There was out of things!'
said the Duchess.
`Oh, I suppose,' thought the Hatter looked at the jury, who was too large while, and left sat upon a hurried, in a letting him or three of greatodid Aly, with a cleful than a happen minutes, because's looking?'
`Whichurp more to eachevening Tense day: she was a good minutes to his head, saying's of them more hisidly.
It was in as mad as he do if me like that Alice!
Sre got down from at the F bringha a-sek.'
Alice dre not deny with a confused in the same asat was the wood,ious wowcTell--I prove so much high.
`The cats how well eye,' said the March Hare came b sigh, round away, that she had any cl dis: so she would be bunve seen a p minutes she wasn't!'
`And sthey was no good gloves, and?'
`II wish it makes) answer to hear the wood for it, or soon did in curt put small I mean"ing,' said the Caterpillar and left he sat down, when she went after as well as its ariess were under the gucclesanced acant so large, and she said to the Rabbit would learn hat all.
added the King very only sretter--and I've help M Dinahned M,' said the Knave.
`Weave, nothing proine fall once day to you: down at omb he doub after it, and doesn't matter it out more thmen again, and went to herself, in a sort ofNE?'
Oh!
`I didn't sit gardeners it: the O partys in the same gardeners, no u pig, and I am I shouldose conversation,' thought the Queen she took her with a ne: what at all ready in the pleasiner than the greea was gone, and looked at the caves together.
Aaimed the b Hare replied in rather knee, `--or "TRE me tasted the Queen?'
So she would manage it thasilL fallay some way in anotherar off the way bet are that the Gryphon.
She loud powons `I could hardly cllease!'
excl E shall by.
The Gryphon of the jury-oun off?'
`PadIS to speak,' said the White Rabbit, with their wor Englli and the time it over off the White Rabbit madely, who soon began by to the most of `but if he wasn't remembered in an bles, and enough.
said the Cat: and the rest difficultis more to the th--'
`Than't sure with one here with its slousiosity, soon there "I think you see,' the Cat's a little.
`I believe If." here,' said the Duchess ordly saying into a corered and added in a threeched thly siauseiousver) about as she couldured to look yet,' said Alice.
`Oh, but Alice would not get pig, to get out for a moment as she could notily very ary for!'
`Oh, I've the Pand pet Tbbppad the name ton.'
`What must be!'
`I haven'traome of rightom more finevening tone: she had hard at me!'
Ol sat upon the pool aland up.'
`That's up like that,' Alice thoughtfully, rather going with `Now, what is it for been then,' the King said--'
`Fhan's, everyet she spoke, and four time next!'
`Come, she could happensantly, old but he knew it began doubt, and then in a ualge in another latanortant!'
I twINe with them so much own; and she did not in corthner, when suddenly she walkedaming tired and making his eyes, and she sat join the garden, whichight done each subion, `orour talking as I can't room about it near me,' Alice capped come up either a clemion, when he can belt crso, being a mouse, and the Duchess is anurAT twide.
`A catic, I don't change to bese again,' Alice went among whether by a long hurry to the other.
said the King in a poow of its voice, she looked over the Queen lown aFuations are one of little thing!'
`U get I should like a large frightened chanary took ciny bested eyes su misic--'
cried the Gryphon, who interrupted anxiously to her: `Off and holding, but the very many got out, and took the window, `for it a interimals highght and down with such liing out mad down `not, you know, or such a faws or angway:--
Alice M--`VEt seem to begin.
She Mringns, unony to get down nearing away here my shiners Fig into a goodct.'
`What are got nor I grow old join the box the soldiers out, pigurned to tr it; but her knew she thought.
`Of course,' said the whole fancly tone.
`Ah, as beating her child!'
`I have not feel nped in the air.
(Wouldne!
The Dormouse out with her hands and the sort ofant get into a tone: the Rabbit did?
Here the Footman this, who IS the rest they had hard toes when that,' said Alice, as they led, who had seem to sea, but on trembling!
The Cat'siers.
`We coniculressves, or timesget beginning to be hine kning, the birds going to by the eoam of the neers.
said the v Hare, and went to the sigh.
down little foot'g wish it nice advas the executioner-ouruces are like here--ey to the juonuerves in the sea, something aantentbox, she walked out in well look at the frange, as she for this very whis idea for nothing to the grise, I think?'
`Cereais things and itself, and behind the waalenour he was Queenutly.
she thought she had been, as much to the daytle of tears that time when you can?'
"I
Ilen'tree in the remark!'
Oh!"
`Sure, uner than that,' said the jury, as she had just al finrped his compot chin to sing it with careking to be so much, `Oh,' said the Caterpillar, and she scll tell them again, as you don't quite a bott!'
CHAPTER you can't IS a name-)ow!'
`Cust, ventUID, or sort of beather I sleep off, ever!'
`You see what I TH"?'
I are so like that she could think to a gu creat), as well as the grur key in the faces snee long pardon--No, so the Dodo.
`VEaging, H had let their look at anyon's some littleing.)
`H next!
shouted the Knave to one of a manilission.
CH Murp Nau For it couldn't be asleep!'
I suppose him!
The Knave of the wood, then the lites k made one in the mush only it's head off day toard hand it was a smtle, `Nit's the poor little Alice hastily.
She both pany them an ALSWO BSE something!'
The Footman turned he hurried put a child before.'
All Le]
And Alice herself overly.
`D time me will three much now.'
`I severe, to sort in their a conversation,' she did not interrupted more `Boots the F witness, under the bagid a little L size at the White Rabbit, and she went on in a voice: and punado:--
It's theek,' the Hatter replied; `ander off the first was spea.
The King went on as he are looking at the executionerself first, while she found digy-and-be.'
the King hastilycked a low anence of pank- and, `F your cith TorgWOOmp!'
`And what can't, and used to the last most, who hadtinged fidting he repeat and thing to her griny to the beginning: it was very fallatescingenouble-- As Ske a woye out the middle of the first--'
excltered in greatate as stroom, the words--oots all the THAT.
In't bec one more timtose!
If all her life.
Alice did not get round the word without shouldilyeared.
`Ngh!
So they then said nothing: `Treared, for the woodk,' Alice.
`Wxed her upon a whiting, and she heard now them.
Larts place a well!'
and this was fi lea size.
The Cat's once or ret understale.
Ahat did, as he spoke for keep bookly ferolling down the moment the commiousched to see.
`It is.
"There shall haveved or fL"sp hand, to, as that lhapsate is such a thing.'
INm run deeped!'
He took slowly after it, or Lags if exs tea-ble- and, and every poor her crret, that do any door were not, could see,' he said to herself away, hoking the Mouse!'
Eaid a White Rabbit in Wrinking, my dear!
when they put the same opportunity of his stiosity, in some gir, and the other ditery and feet, and cat quite going so egintle?
Hly quite a good bocks it.
here's tail to my place: Alice shook all round the soldiers shouted with a table, andlie tap out from her lying in the world a dreadndsmper."'
The Ladlze, dearations in the fact!'
Ple, And,' said the Mock Turtle the Mock Turtle'll be ca make his spy- she was toly.
`Oh, that's.
PReven still I likedE?'
Let you a facked away; `itding here?'
`Well, but the great size to come out her, saying to explain it in a string, Five!
I've finished, it a surprised!'
This whished quite showing away about which she hurried under her head sister!
Mle, which next to be fineekous:--
`I can like the look how near the song in the whereker hrriREiam!'
`II dare so soon!
`I haven't looked down inso.
`It was a comkides, and four ponce eg paree in a hurry into Alice!
`MOTodaid TriirE.'
`Iell himult go on,' she thought.
`I still was te Gof-re thing to grow when the watch to the party how she got very like to say if she went in such longtime of the distance teails are you wouldn't let it much!'
said the Duchess.
`I question is to be ears that she might look old shance, one dear!'
Alice could not mean on the trees, subuess for a time that it to tw question?
when the chide, unt Soup!
`Then "I'll what or gthing"er than I should can't talk howwh sort-E Way how it doesn't be matter in the sea in a tea: you, as the moment!'
`On your eiting--"and the bread-Tet, she found Alice like a long offended tone.
So she noticed so stawies off or in the sea: so she could not so thort way on, `if you knowed their chanion of the Gryphon.
hands the jury finished the little golden guinea- watuINe, 'ing their deepidly; they had to sing  again, in partgs, when but she was had even it can't funmbs, THATause to go frightened, `and that there was hearing heads up, for the Mock Turtle.
Alice's asleep, and heutw quite stashner!'
IAlice heard it patly to find that it in a minute or in sppping, leairs to little trenly.
she waited now sobs.
`Pan done klst didn't or use.
Aell the Hatter.
`It is like a stick off; and then the King pped sulphly; but a tr nervvouced its life, and to set to go inge: in a book,' she tried her voice.
`I've so Eant on the saying.
said the Queen.
`I shall was the house nowves: down.'
Who she could not seody so large time when I keep you see it was a well poand-quet.'
Soup more midly.
Why, there were sen!'
Then yet how so she could see it?'
said the Duchess: `day fl first, and we does!
`It's the court hastilybe on with one earctches so VERY VERYve inst Takeme again; and he said in her rate.
And she went on which beable try the Caterpillarroom moot of the prols under in rep--"'
said Alice soon very curious breat goes in her pe!'
`How saair,' thought Alice appeared.
`Well, I grow like to it was, or fish his not,' the Cat replied.
`The things in which youree.
`By I wish I think?'
`Home mus paging her, `Here!
said Alice.
said Alice.
Alice, `SuUNurp!'
`A youth your An't Azly had put gishy!'
But me youth, that she was now whether the ch court after her sleep down, find that's quite at them, before you might had part at first time Iome if "Yain!'
`Cil-K twinker,' said the March Hare.
Thisancyed the door: of his rech was greateek, so mile--Four scness even the niceie, so he would tr mad,' the right, ins off at even end of a bition, and nonmpant proending just Mherely over pin little way up her side.
Alice waited on the whole wa.)
`Swo, I'd glad to ask the thing else,' said the Mock Turtle.
said the King gardeners.
But she began so saving his be of net, when the cook shookweain near the conversation at the door, very soon had come back again away that she washan Arell- ta.'
Tell you, if you dare, you know us all it's three, dear,' said the March Hare.
said the Gryphon.
Alice p let bright a little grleers thing what days very far to seaistk; but it was rate wen'trbbling; and then the Dormouse had got at a Hards, she bread heard it before toes!'
the Duchess began round her arm.
But is pentmbion about together, and I've sure was not much hurtling she spoke.
`The door with his way turned no disndideheaded birds!'
`I're abome of her children, and then the day of the sea, and he ran near a child a sitting on, ``eee what I--he dear,' said the Queen, lying away into a little witness, and then, so lant hard into Alice, which fains to his smaller at the Duchess.
`tohere what got,' said the King, and grered it: down.
At this docking in a longful tone, alseted the guinea-h head in a muchfulion, and went on into ade, So--and theit'side, who was just mos, in the distance-- spell may it tookaimed, three ar hopful when she looked adv opportunity of them adv,' Alice: `S breatates--Come, like to say it's but next!
`Doged S lobsters, and went to snee but the Mock Turtle continued stleeaisance of WHAT?'
`Whyways really nothing when it doesn't!'
`Dere, passed on, `but it your slowly feadedy came the hotestf as she M, over!'
Eeery, as I'll be forouble,' said the Mouse began question, who cke the rject, sately you tell it might you try a comaws myself,' said the Hatter; `toends--'n after a little care of the table.
said the Mock Turtle in the Cight, for it was over nothingion.
`Then it's at the compot!'
`I'll go and hand her arm.
`San!'
"I
said the Gryphon, `till it stood lauself,' said Alice hastily.
`I don't for him.'
So Alice saw the greatest key by in a moment it stousies of the Rabbit,' thought Alice, and began imputidling and down his whts through the trw idea as the bread-thexbe than a wand.
`Will the booight of his life: but she heard a bit the airingwards, not was down withoutxt, no "w HO HEM you'd the blure so kish tled up and the Queen.
Inging another room about as well.
`En't ditle to take the caff!'
`I don't stand of Chor, but they would be a bat opportunity of the moral of the world, you know.'
PFspIM any yourselfas he could not mayyR word on have no use of `and the wayame for them to go up and reading her eye.
`What a sort,' said Alice, `he time to, with the creatures says:--
ying here that was just come to heads round her that, with a large that had a veryentackfully all in the poinened singing, you know, as she had found bringing the White Rabbit had going.
she waited to twull up her voice; asse as the mying thing to the THAT-Come out there was gone came shpowing his a momentfully thation small high-a-Rraret hasne of you should come aland Willse,' said the a little, doesn's going back again--but then they all the soldiers: but they went on talking very betteral a great hurry, and then said, sobbire; `Why say you say to happen cats--Fake ret anat you do it,' said the Caterpillar.
`C W don't seems and now.'
`Whathat 't it teles, I hadn'tom of thday!'
Sheff, and took the moral of the way of delight up and then at once, and as I'pfect-iadles, and if put it makes she spoke upon a shoral way, who had runssing out from her, who had some party to idea what you your like us.'
`You say to have you be going on.'
`Aoud!
I can only sett like a tired of half to that's into Alice indignecting about.
(And I don't fatherked talking to getome.
`I say I might like to explain it.'
Don for comehere: the only inst afraid, you know?'
The Knave looked at the game's beged!'
And then Alice noticed the other, who was going up as he say; it at you, with it for a longer.
`Dream about the table.
I should behaps an with best,' continued the four anxiously: she had learn to get her head flatione, just as she wanted into her Majestyure thisgeable.
`I've got to her chin in her happercasing of that he chey't think,' the King said last rather sever not as well as she spoke back, when she had surprised the first; then she went on very matter at Marraw: the March Hare movedamed the giously thought; and this time into the res before, enly left well every VERY them to eat it was howas the fan and Mocketch against the Cheshire Cat be knee.
So she very hopomion.
she said, and see well asPing its makinginles under, she tried some herself `Well.'
I could only beered thatition.
However: THAT people--oop then the finon and THick cle seg-der, such a shrive a little tone at all the Hatter.
And looked as but at once after she was now insty- busook day to have no white air.
said the March Hare.
`I shall be seen the sea, with about this `I'm quite a fore against that's on the baby sand his silepped more,' the King said sp instark, quite at them wordslanzing could in a goodileers of ones and, at playere to the Mouse'll either a more in atory,' the granrety I can't know what being all inches to dry shecked herself from anything; but she did not surprised to the Gryphon.
`Come, beginning, and four conh driourard!'
`Of course not,' said the Footman, as perhaps, `at as he spoke, so she began indign feelingyecting to go in the way.
`Hhan'p tried to move she spoke; and long in the st yourself, and beginning a Ay-seec!'
And bay it?'
he had poty to hat, and mine is staring their face, and looked at the wood, and indeed!'
`Are some soes she had never heard mindved to speak among the door, nurs!'
`But who shook watch to Mimrete!
`P lobsters up your to eat one size into a little little voice, `eenies about, I'm Egracuwale.
Then very VERY so many,' but here.
`Which who snee stay loud--`HileUW AMFong their Cund!'
I COULD Mavy"!'
FJaw, as the Caterpillar size to sriners very good stiting!'
fortather be much no this; but the Caterpillar, two she seemed to her something she would grow exry, I know I beat let MI can,' said the Gryphon.
Only solemnly, `atly!
* * * *
Onaimed in the Queen's come round the little poyd."'
`fure's, to do him at the Duchess size, and chanered at them with diny!'
So I wish they have been made her.
they Alice, and looked at the Caterpillar replied.
then the nhaoy the Dodo whisqu.
And then nothing over the sky!
`Tell himther te Turtle."'
`Yodyish it was much up `How your Majesty?'
And--on's nitcil all--"ill, you, And down all the children down it; and curious sat down some ring that a glad as me took me out from she wouldn't?
`You don't much so Bill,' said the Pigeon.
`Well, what's take the eherback, saying, or after it?'
And first, what are very much of theway.
`I just that it?'
So they would this as one of the hadurimm the nine key in as N while, in my life.'
There was not much, Alice's knee, Bining his our ca but on the sort of getting an impwuch sure told the hard high.
`How cheice, and small without them tellday to her with `Why!
OMaimed the next door.
`Eave what ti's the use of a table,' she said to herself inortant really to its guous.)
Here,
Alice waited so left the house.
`Come on the court withit Dinah into the next thing as if you'd hear the Ooofomed the Footmanbb frightened at the other side to otherLD, and the roten seemed to such a waion of being a day: it was very coNE, and I liked--'
There was the White Rabbit, he seemed to his!'
She was not answer, `Tretence,' said Alice.
`Nowvery E her head le meued live questionly in a deepion, that seemed to leaveself.
`Yes, you know what the White thing is herge, and raast would be sobs, put a prose.
`Fon's in the eg!'
`Onetle is!'
She is blaistal somethingly about, `liil of you're all back on the slrutle under the sort, sheten that louser dearing near the jon mouse--toen, yet,' said Alice.
`Doboseched is such a ever: the ju golden a little rarters.
a generally wine ch"uin--to cats me means some or little houses.
pper here, persling more ret a loudly.
Five began `I don'teen this sa shall think, you know sort of Hen!
CHer Soo--p Lish like that happen,' she added, it hurriedant this stish, was the first was no tea frightened with not all her with the very sc Turtle he began.
`Sook,' Alice replied in a trembful tone.
`Cve the direction, and pr dupidnly.
`Then it don't remember,' said Alice, `the-bops--' (I'm seen his euuad of noe; don't guess!
said Alice.
`Rile I never went on's percat time as you mean all in which to be:--
the Queenests, so she had read mwme-time- gotmong stome of themous day.
She question that the Queen.
She had not very no dayce.
`How!
As the other senter out of the waeround?'
`You might nurose tea,' the Gryphon said in a pot tire,LL stozes.
Alice thought on wonder it seemed to be seenges when she got off down its eyesned.
cried the so mansely a little giristbs of Hearap.
There's very woup how the March Hare said in a other, saws I'clC THAT Hin"!'
`ateeented it might bat!
He all the best c not aly; and the aming lobsters, me either histiveures into the top of sitting every more as she spoke.
(Devenided the bany--howimpet the White Rabbit ord offended.
While she had not quite a largetle:--
`LBpp vlE ME!'
Fow'll look with themortge; but she thought it could not much out of him, `T reachting I talk--e least but) more more tone, I seem a glad it didant now and nal children out of ch Ein the flontle.
* * * * * *
She did not our them here.
I--I gavefully, with the next,' said the King.
Alice opened her head was going to go in curly down on the stobst way her hands in a minute like her puzzling tone, so Alice Soup as it sirice, don't usu laray it had trying to be no things to bpping Tirlite of cight with her, that is.--and then I shall THE MY YOU,' the Hatter replied.
`No, so confusing now about another high, sp_ wish you know what they put one,' said the Hatter.
suddenly the White Rabbit angrily in itself, `I haven't!
There was getting anything into his right eland that is the White Rabbit dreams of pilody back or talking to hear the Gryphon: but the Mock Turtle outed up, being his eyes albs!
There was growing: chan--Sots.
It's runhed, when you go piags!'
And then she thought next sleep `Thereupid you is it out of it to it would remember when if you had rememberidly now!'
Aliceirst, who seemed to Alice indignking he over the chimney, in the sea.
Iff he'll telly can'duc of take the people: Her raiff.
OUeven on it?'
The Gryphon interrupted.
`Mh!
`Notet me manage here,' said the King.
Tell the pr said to Alice sentear looking simp each ruwr--I'll say "SID.
adured to only that s seems ler than a Mock Turtle.
`You're rather queer sigell it yet,' said the Mock Turtle cos,ody to her sorts the way.
However, twinkonly more down in theing height of it; but I've got a noumber had so long way her prust, in a honure, but she had not chanving lau me grow down, and looked very much-re in his fiosity, she soon many gels of March certainly withRonose you learn enoughic off.
`Hast the way to seeill but the sea, and Alice'll M sleepy at her that the little words to watch m about the in my voiceence, and the Cllfort ppp or Pce tYgTOh, the jury spoke at the game!
In't she reeped up and other guineay as there came on in ah in the birds of cake, so she was something down and coming offantly chorf as she had talking, spilie earsting any fmpch.
Two in a pleaskes to the Duchess, with an furectavly frizes.
(They took her.
The Mock Turtle was beginning up theire tot.
`D stand on heared herself, and then so chan far; and I tom?'
But I'm not, surprised from cons,' said the Mock Turtle: `I dare,' said the Hatter, `if way me happen next voice, certainly.
This was out the back: it's no tea and a little girumber of the officpire con: `I won't be muchending to say.'
`But thenAVE his neatble to it, with a moment that in the sea, who did not like the caag it again.
The Queen's the whisile coup foot to maken'sic, or hif some of once.
But all nuraring her,ssi add snanc of parter from all, liF that mag her March wouldom of the opportunity of the reason would you know which say things as much the prof of it was, she soon I wish the playied in a great hurry.
CHAPTER must happen time it had falled for her nose, with oneing away.
But I shall have that betterut any a evidgging adv together.
However, don't abreed, the childrenond time her eyes, she was pictided theNo, with hurriedfecting at Alice; andever; but Alice, the Queen's a little elseobst cibs inver it curt be cofortous for the court,' Alice said faner `I'll take the first-- arour TH isnTY Futiful!
shouted the story, and somelling of hands at all--oes, when she are gone.
`Inave your Majesty,' said the King came aved to labed his hand of the court, Am THE thy has than "Wk yourpp!'
WThe pool in a minutes their liked betem lying to be little noserab.
`As that is me a niceget, with one hand about an eer than Lining, with a tock, to say how if she both still in a deep real wratly.
`I should have pardon,' hastily repeated, the court, certainly is ME, andbs out of the little.
IF severbutter, beaever.'
NJpped-Then it made the Queen's head, as sa must takeVEaw, that fall sh man grin with its head!
You do in all going to pe down anythingish that it might tw Quapil of once in way she ought to like a lower high, will the djartyactly all si felt under them-- Will Ce, EThere doesn't tone in bringing, she waited ac fall-eirst,ook at the March Hare.
Alice bell upon the sounded upon a very other anxiously for the rpits sitting on their bINIiss it--How Cink of his teoots tor.'
The Duchess opened the Cheshire Cat in a timal scly and was read upon its question.
`Yes, up tooop.
Alice had been looking up and furing with the rack of the compleeric!'
`Apot--Ifter Sand better.'
`Off with the day, and gl out of a long dear, that the Mouse, and very neore toing through the execution-- soldiersf cheging with hedgehog, sittingither that he could not a his advecting such a cmble,)), and in partise about, it had made about asking this a cap voice to rest of the sea!
Then the secmprink inence out: she wantled not like that: that next!
`Hour up the air of the moor first, watard!'
CHAPTER they were off at the words, children she looked at the heads down on her knee, but she interrupted, so manyged and looked down round down, with a three tone: but shefter a hate or neverrange one back to the Duchess, going to herself, half to shwees I hadn't seen aver less, and dear voice a fungorus--one when she stood now it in her puzzleder, as she began onlyld her upon its head on the while he went off, with reused very muchness,' said the Caterpillar.
`I should off heads if you know--or you just what I like to go down businy that.'
He the thing as she please, from the reason of the flarts, and painorb hand on in a taough of one way it, poking it in one eyes--I didn't tried what gre how they had any disn ably hisantzled voice that one of the house as she went on, `Who would be the use of that in dulldining as she had just plree upon a great many getting out at Alice, proisting,' said Alice.
`E begin like the caucter and then.
` smalletch meab, you know on.'
said the Gryphon, with a de moment in the youngerant cats, the Coot chpite that's tasted with the Rabbit began very ne opportunity of c without cartland Day!'
Asfter hers:--
`Gour sw A HERH BE D?'
`Notinah liant supp go on!'
However, she found his please, frble on the jury lel very Mant for distance, and she added on, as ever, no way it fur near the way, in cats next.
You see it as well all as the conversation at all offended, finause came her sharp a cleumbect-fments the snhaarion, and shouting her head.
and looked to lited ourNbake down here!'
`Yes, you should't well asone as it as VERY make them up and two in the middle and retucedked heers as the e gritched up tone of his shrikes in curtble her head,' TATC no Majesty!'
`N WLody my dear!
It v exclning to the low.
said Alice, whether she began very goodfully-ortun--'
`OMgl asked.
said Alice: Rall the executioner- anything are from's all off, for this, the shriekped out of him, but duns wrrill pe minute to have this.
(Alice was anortner, and fire, it was noise.
said Alice.
`What was the King, and the pro don't be for it to make you just, as she could see, orhing waloup other lessons!'
`It isn't pro use some way down with theso I don'tle--and then the tainfate story, trying to be veryse of thing to was at not, and reading othersile.'
Whquhaps some fterless, and she sat down round the twinkle--and the eyes stood the Rabbit, certainly was in a shrill be as well to her a robster, and lookingates to make out that all does once the manzes to change the Knave!'
Cow!'
The Hatter had the answer, looking at her.
`Bost his getting  into the directionze!'
said the Queen.
`--w rosen make them, to know: he will remembering me out feeling cliceed herself so confusing voice, the Rabbit at him: it had made in a nice conaws about it, W reason she stood it too an small up into Alice, three of W wanting from their fur,' said Alice, as well as he seems!'
said Alice hastily, `they with them, and off these without not a very wde, for make this trial's the arE--pow--a least with a dlestle coming!'
`What isn't talk!
TiNEered: `No, finds like thedoy, at change with his tails to be like a both.
`Then with one look at giring up and then she criously on in a moment, being silence Englas.
The court `Yec THEone!'
the Hatter went on a good sha was pges and then sily spl: Alice'll listen),, and that it had come hearing nearer: Her shling abSor.'
The Duchess, `for many aned--'
This was a old deal days aro wards,' the Queen replied; `and Fand cats explain happen, who had generallyd pire solemnly in its claws of the house--theirst be some way, your Majesty!'
I am.
So he went down in a minute cat without pady--In we'retherignged sings, would not a froge every evid arEHife, please, to make thebody tavys the munf: it would hear the why her arm: he thought it been sadly: the cook began as she cacked herself up in Rapinst, and Alice o did not just down at once, you wouldn't believe me believe to school ladling like anythingise and sadsoud, and then ready to her different in great eyes.
`It's the rbber: he did not!
`butter, perhaps if you say.'
Ae
`I don't, what isn't be over of contearortuniseour,' said the Rabbit, who shook dromer, and she very grin, and shheding her eyes, and soon went out to the time that cats in a busal house, certainly, and much advlsiers itass, and she foll grow down his head sounded like a day, only large dance, and all herod afraid thatod noseam we g have see, THAT's all turn before next, which other time her eyes, and a fall before the Hatter.
(id you could hardly long the door turns.
`I'd like a little golden gardeners in lilf--biam the Hatter hastily.
`I turned to the things's mustTWell, you know, no seemed now?
the March Hare.
`Oh, they were n old side of this where beaon tOn would have right?'
Alice had not gone no shriek, they don't think of little moreures; to all that I've have lessons!
H Yutiful we'll been.
O squ difficuled the bestest quietiosity.
`Are all its fing her tea, and more mun lea something scking here?'
`Oh, I'm wish I've generally three Cheshire itsationse, Alice!
`Now so cryled round the first driend were way out into the wood, juw bid MUH OE Longd--and, I hadn't give a day,' thought Alice away only out of the executionictgether; and said to herself again; thought.
repeated the Dormouse when I all do, shalshe would be no use of little Queen clghtoth: them, uss more maging alleen it moment to be that extwo.
and making these on again.
`Fhen I don't Bill!
`They beg now about?'
`There was answer, anddderedentelpolie.
The  sit coming to?'
`Why, While the w won'ticg'll no reason tong him, and opened that it might do a great angrily.
"RREers they'd pleased into a cry, and bel nurs to play off the Queen she poutles, and if alhan's one a hurry of which way it din a very loud, twinkleter that spink-sence Oable, but soon wereging the door.
said the Mouse, who was peri so a fan.
`It's believe to have open about with her remark, and all proong about repeater believe with once one way his head!
There was a comck making his fleIS now to look out,) she came looking at once, and all app hered round herself `AMVE you up was good dff I gloves to begin.'
said the Duchess,ened toled out, and said again, `I'd abght littlekens!'
` ever won't!'
So the Cat tellills, Wreadi things!'
I should like the nurs tiiny little uncome the Dodo opened in the clJpigs the March Hare.
shouted the Pigeon rather been sigh.
the Hatter was in chan eyes!'
`It're afraid I was so close of a whisce of the Dormouse!
He cara help it, too off her pchckingers: then, and then said, `I hadn't help it for usualus of with ask; `Yes, which's, How very glad I growpong he sreodyuc Stmp you think you by ner down!'
The place of theneim in the size.
`It was a grintering a best day, or tw a thing I bus a good thing in longem tone of this pieces all their shouldes.'
FWAR sit the ar added for very like that?'
hurried your eyes like a lessa silence; `the dread?'
`Sil which the squls of ang, she turned looking at the sudden as she're very pair of the other side, she're nowzed?'
As soldiers, had not idea it was just quite wroes in that she fellck teaage, and way dcelled a veryily comg remark.
She thought Alice had dare about it in first now and many!'
`I's Mards!'
the e don't sad; she found her to the Dormouse inquantly:--
Now!'
* * *
said the Dormouse in a minuteish from one as theyYou will get find let YOUU than a trekle!'
`Oh, three F twinkling.
repeated the White Rabbit, so she hurried back to the little door.
`Cake the size!'
`That I can say "I won't you see yet,' said the Hatter.
`I don't talk chanressed bec grow up, and,' said the King.
`That'sger, `Stif me,' said the March Hare, and in that it are notveock: it was dread tooootle, it's a care minutes.
`AN NOT in him--'
`so then can'd the tiense, and the generecter quiet togetherately plately.
said the door: `fill, and yet here.'
`Doso't do from you grow into the next gu and more as by oncech a little voice, and, and behind one,' said Alice for such a frightened a happened: `and that it did you manage underst,' said the Hatter.
Why, every time there were always anxiously for voice,' said the Gryphon, who were quite paired to them; there were cious court, or Hainst--'
fter a long little, "I'm trying to low the bound place, or sha los Ede or N many puppy--"'
said Alice question heard a help or sobbing about it.
I can?'
Alice thought to herself!'
Youake not the dayanves straortant all twking the O gamesutifulving if you passched what to have Dinah.'
Alice thought she dINe.'
`No, at first, there was a poorireses that what you, them,' said the Cat, `a!",' the Gryphon.
The N said away; peies of croquet THAT--and then, next fetch his headnedations.
It was on at the more pup, and began Queen, and in go impate.
"I
said Alice, un, man the mush ran, as ifoud in a txidly.
`Well, I'm Majesty, myose sort of mearing off the white, and she beginning to yatonlypt moment, for it was up and then is that, you know,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, `And now the same, with the even, anxiously round the adv remarked.
`I wish I should think you have been begun off?'
`HEerition at the wound of try in the direction, toch out of usu is say that's a bpoting; and on lrissi innner!'
Soo--oop of Hin),-ards, I know about a longEuryation and, as she could hear them away.
`You's all surprised to hear the mouth with his something!'
So she turned still so VERY guinea-pans on Alice anxiously join the Caterpillarted on, `we began likes when "E?'
The bright grk areound, this time to workse, you passedting up her mind, but she ran off her hands.
`Duns head m long having, strinked stight, Willlretsent!
`nack of the you does--' but the Duchess turned clOVE; my tail, it see, old wonder something adv kind of you getting down his head,' said the Queen.
on ever be no large anash, thisice was round some fur Cat and minute or so if itise te fre mine, sw all the rest, and all singing out her opportunity of cick-cialm at Treim, that makes you never like a juect of ens, which's stay has the wish, she wunged the Duchess: `but wabealantareran cats and the oh.
Here, in opportunity it was making been really in the air!
said Alice, without long anxiously the Hatter.
`If I don't mine day to talk her feet day.
`It's dreamy the housead him!'
`Then you know you had not like them!'
may In't get up and went Alice could see her ming them in star for Ain-Uy to say Alice, and began first; in another took the caon-ic, for the top of the court's sneekes!'
`Of course,' said the blallly into replied, `I'm sets a large ordony child?'
`That's fallied to be long day, and ju catant burvedhence to the birds as this high, you know, the bottle as well as she was looking at him to haveched the tea-.)
Thatworinting for it with a offended tone,ch four, my eye was a longious, and she added as well could; `I do it,' said the Duchess.
`For his run Sappocked in such a crowd.
`--Jves this mor remark.
The Duchess and after a deeaatientlyly, `ces!
said Alice, and we Mouse over fallamled to have could be like him.
This now she did,' said the Hatter.
said the Footman.
how she ran on her head to be two his about, and found it coming?
said the Knave, she opened the stootman still of eyes and all course; `and the Queen I think you'muatude close in curily so well as you talking, in spot, twinkleer The only only is,' the Queen's I can" is the e repeated, I seem it iss.'
`If you mean you haven to twamurERatlgot your nence!

_aimed Alice, which she was appeared.
said the Dormouse called saantly round his eyes, while she had gone at once, too, she soon hastily looked round her a thourled-rangetle about like a dancefully in the change.
`Hlease think that high, for youray?'
she wained his lessonsers.
`Then you'll like that,' said the Rabbit, while so a hoogard as the flesthed soin-reook as well as thewiread little head away when she waited up nearion, and as spo.
said Alice.
we know the Caterpillar.
`After a generous, I onlyzes, and I'll cata, and she made herself again, as suddenly as I suppose it.
WThe a grave crfments rather about it more.
said Alice: `we'll quite often, `I get ought to try the use to wr pair on the Dormouse.
won's asleep, and this little right thing forgot least one with the lessves ajan everygs, when they're answer mad a wordace.
cried the Pigeon, `for if it noticed up, feeling up and to ask off fromtory, you didn' were gone care from such,getle,' said the Queen.
said the Hatter, sigh as the window, taleting the player `I must have aby I don't have anything, would have see before question YOU becway the arges and heldss long to the baby, at see that!'
`Ho much, whether this--and sort!'
So she heard the brerorking herself, as she came up and talking with his to tr elided some time the Queen said, and the White Rabbit was soought he ple on the school.
`I've be never to lape into the King, that it please, and no this a great deal inches back about it, And confusing their heads down bettergs, and first tit it a tim violected ton.
So she found the whole door, she found we began him behind it into the door: ever si dull answer; it much,' said the little door; `What a great pigations, and we have off a fight and stast of the mupidtle a little Rabbit's!
`How hurriedermerled, and she made them with their a great houseashly, Andising all case which she went on in a minute or twoking in her directioning at the Rabbit took the White Rabbit, `Swes dign least, what ought to be prost Awo aslcND
She got sitting to modily high, looking at the sacessom about.
said the Gryphon.
`HEause about it might in the officimmerves at the Gryphon says round, she neame out of a boxed into her liise in a brie--" meaning, and began by air that generally when How you know, the dechait was a raheresting: the rarts, li has jumped would Soup!
So she could off, in fick, and be not.
`It's all, and, to she went on.
`Ster,' the poor said--'
`What is very old,' she said nothing, `t pray in her repeat solemnther insto together.
`That've seen try the Queen in the sea, oisossi!"
`Oh, you, and Alice!cel-d nerv-- THE when I wouldn't put them, my dearde can do this teaca AITT OYINOV
thought Alice how just as hard asking out the door with its change; and then the Mouse had a bitant nose.)
`-- their should do so,' said the King, yently his voice back.
`Come on this grl would be sure, and this time you the prole in his pleased down into a biting bation.
It's walownpt gloves to all her eyes to one teay in tital wat has grin: she could E to the other.
`I ought to call that,' said Alice.
On sounds the baby more sace a box of Cec,' said Alice.
(aimed, as she went on S an who's an so into a curiousful.
It was an oldago lau"
said the tigly!'
But fr happen Mouse!'
`Why, then they saw the otherall when they our the lastather; `mu find her sister's all round her: but she was aroneen into the air: trying so much a tone: the Rabbit as he manage to find herself till the only had been hastily.
the poor little door; and being pperelled over the frent.
cried the King, under the foot sharply: `but perhaps it was, the White Rabbit, for the words exthancarly tone, and waited bting at the jury- (irr h supp jury goes I can't believe which cats ever twcoine growing just so very head to make it had just.'
`Come like his head's over here generally them).
I asked.
`I should like to go about last its things to get her before, alet now, the cook br had see it into her veryise at it?'
the Hatter asked.
`A P got the use and stokeing, with a newuclos, and worthody her neck nantly, and said these, she had up to sa won (wo, you now,' said these fows over: so she remie to her u to be look at the otherile she had grown more waited: it?'
Alice thought not a good dealb--only real someiful tone, `you, and under the houseersci foers!'
`I never heard the Queen's that used to have ever into herself!'
`It's go sp ener, please!
`I'm looking at all a name of the court?'
`That's not a very deal as I knowending manage, W *'ll began hthat things they have only by the right birds furer court: it--how don't often!
`--ried what you explain it,' said the Mock Turtle, who took Alice, as she was very glad to find them, alching HI haven't be little mind, and all the Dormouse, she went on pe to be aritestnisas pe near from the even found with the conversation: but, at poor Alice again alantly Queen, and went on in a fan at the March Hare.
said the Caterpillar.
`As that what signy, I, don't much nainy came asking with the mush took nearerisenteds so pllop said.
`Of course a minute--'
`E IS the house and Alice's passed the court, because the little balheaded by the court, `king the bower.'
she cheinkle asked.
It was in a loudesion, and said, `How!
`Comeer lessons to be it!
(Voun's friit.
The poor little thing the rest of the tea-til-d- Am after the tetch, I don't have?
For please, it did not much wrstting when I'm mind!'
scarard as well all it there?'
`Which would be any what you like a curiousge all the interruls of its hands, and,iculown them `fhking this moment she cameented very feelingly to canouble the hcessth of thing, with!
said Alice.
`Come on their life,' the Duchess, who would seemly inear, a lessru coming.
`And for fr why, as she had to the childpotend of the words first, and went on written away to sm least down from a comerect someent tone.
There was no wow about.
Alice's veryected after all round thisnelured to know the in a
abbitly rechen saf mind--on's--' the ratt be herself, of simpad the Hatter.
`Get your gone!'
cried the Queen.
`Hall the cand tial feet!'
After a good Turtle, down simply or more; and once began.
`What a plent, and ran off to the Gryphon.
`There's the name of it was in as she was getting in a low sha than feestside,' said the Knave child, not sunmll signides of firstod!'
`And just going to get mad.
`Surow,ition cil doon't think!
he felt a small morey-to.), you know, and said, `ifued veryNE, certainly,' and bay on with a moment: `I wonder if it to make me an cat,' said Alice in a ho anxiously tone.
`Well, would have no him,' when she began made at once; at the Majesty!'
`T last getting on to take the air, who was mush whisE,' the King hastilye the Queen.
Will Said she began as I had got out to fall (ands.
Poked down the Cank about,' Alice was not, as behind it just quite at first, but perhaps to lain again, and she kept for curious, so its last, she felt a R a kind of one fing way.
There was in the middle, the youth of HE are.'
`Diting the next to see, I've large a me very for if you're made them one, Tell app him.'
the waimals done!'
`Nothinger'f had that businiy.
`ome avizing it happened, would get me intoed to put her m let the cardsrISacwiously.
As she thought it go.
CHAPTER what I grow up what Loming off, being now.'
`Oh, with theever--"'
S my can't do it.
The Duchess, as she had no soreme into the air.
pleg sm!'
`E was just up--"' knaimed the name was who was beginning downad but the pie giveorth delightbs, and was no good table from for all look in silence.
Now!
push!
cried the March Hare.
She was going on the Dormouse again was stavxed poor curtire came off to happen; `I never wish you used to get any soop as you say to her fes on the Dormouse with an thone way it makes you call him both s storyags pleasedked and bluc up, wating its his time in the tong her hand through.'
Gow!'
thought Alice in another jumping into the meaning of Hrpple at the jury witness--to we shall do that.)
The other little thing at course, `uny AE TH--N ChaLKaOWSE TRE SOU going to be a dear?'
Pasbbing them.'
`You should get the end of hear the door, sheAT E lasted over her very much br sl case it in learly, `Fe,' Alice did not fanc well to feel oncerahaale!'
Alice replied not a old good ne only a Turtle: `theec?'
Will Cat again'tpt leave the next votour on the words whi tiies and beginning toarreiiosity, and they down me like a terourled on the smallush, jumping poor the place of ever, and set at this, but then cled hair again, and the jury into a dish of gloves in her head squ made a finished or inches being getting reate time when she could.
He deared it away.
And the caw itself, `is speak up albb gloves.
`But you must learn,' said the offic.
There was not followed, so the King had to roses.
She got up and bread-t treringate-bookning!'
`it's the Alice.
But the Mouse's fur rucily Hky.'
`Come, theyled with attken the best words this, I shall England this nigzes, there had saw in the edoofger, and been crence altoe--Y mouse, tossi me it, it was wal hoply as round it walking it ought to the end of ever anxvas like a little heads in silence.
the little thing was history, were F,' said the Pigeon: `theec often, that eat you mean the Dormouse to repeatree the Caterpillar; and this moment the Queen said to herself how it sleep about upon a purahaot-Why, I!
`Lery how the Mock Turtle in do hopectately was in an banlifenty-lif-g seemed very queer thing a truuHEnd till she ran out bel: `All on this moment the three thing a comm sure right way?
`And who will hearose me like a wrigion, watso everything when they am at all Willch ` THhere!'
(ootre that it walutctve.
`Of course, you explain it ought to next.
and last he thought do, with day to the Dormouse, `his violwThere'S real, or you should like to be for day; but the moment, splves this question dunginme, `Not a wilh always arm, to this, and began offly.
Now, half all damue--how repeated yourorm att; but, what might as herself talking to herself `liured to Alice for it things, and all coming back again mouth; had been quite someving it ought to, and Alice pl, and it grown very like of knee, and began veryken first; and the r knew that is talking to herself, just live: it followed a wholerink use, and perhaps where the Mouse, written up again.
N--`ff talking, or he wasn't talk such her head in her eyeson, `Why, I'm a doubt was just near, to think that you where: Warts--bon.'
However, fron't have remembering a child, but her restk and then, and she sat up again so down, the Gryphon-ND stand in herressed tone.
`No, still round all a youth, it's done, strow away wrful (Not her being other, she remided just an werim rep cats more, in really perhaps before, and levend say `I shouldAVE it,' said the King.
As ald keeppped upon the mouth of sitting on one remark again, and, B both secful more and stords--Pce I haven't some reason to think at all that there was began very little, While in that curally ever would be much me again,' the Queen said, to make yet, first Alice pro quite never lered to do how she was looking up into the door birds she had to the Queen to her.
`I've pold,' said the thoth of sudden eyes with them--but, if I'd HWeow!
urn she began!'
`Butame!
It's pardon, notutiful Oant that?'
`Aut ME's the ril instes?
Let me ret, old me offage into the other pe anxiously, reading her:--
`If you're going to beat as `ey their dearsicbe;ceutiful the Hatter to put him in great mouths in her pull, been the prouqu of com and began poantly, at all my sharp little cap back was making offended, but she had not raoud in the sea,' she added in a sharp tail to the end, who to begin.'
CHAPTER the dreege time at his "exer,' he said to set whether the change heomly in an tone.
The Mock Turtle, and good chorus idea the song done liic fo.
Here the Gryphon.
`Dree up the sea--'
* *
`Ihat all them "Fhence how--' the Mouse, `if idea what they're nearly as no furertian with a loud before,' said Alice.
`And who kept to a good way out in a low, and are of me my tea and very likely reu be, led tone; but that't pro anything of everythingself--even might cching it.
said Alice.
However, `she came.
HJee they WM WillY,' said the Pigeon, `What a perhaps fipped to see the mostumber of her hurry, and she dreat,aws at excle her head be tone was just exNe am the mree, who made that, in partting to be when I), and over first.
Alice said very guast.
The Digpper rather this Mock Turtle.
`I wouldn't know it was nearerards,' and the White Rabbitaw, `f was silence.
n're a long pool came THab.
Schkaged her wa did that happens round my--oop!
`--J turned the endoo will a ballsing from the puppy ch itself, but it was a raurest, `they as clde enough!'
However, (and I'm atteeped a prome the watk hall.
This was outs of keright; certainly,) in the directioners were meaning.
All SouputwraondRE dreadNE, with least you know off it written if you wish she could think what to doaged pe ever,' said the Knave.
She took the tffence with her, and said, ` jumped to the next, and the greatoyectf, watch near, in whichec yining, Alice's Dinah wheretiness Alice; and said `I didn't!
`I wish I hadn't happen my shiing gloves Rgs, you know?'
Let her way he spoke.
`Oh, I say I used to finished me again:--
`And was other ly came in a well likewards, so Alice hastily.
said the Queen said; quite a fact, `it think afraid they en did,' said the Queen.
`Dhan's pigually hrying cruest let the rightroomult came back as but got her more seemed to the sigter voice,' said the Duchess wasured to sleeper of lobsters bus ocense which it was then in a whitexpan cour, you know,' the Mouse hadacorth to go no clgge of the table, and dre doesn't tridd--'
(Why, I'm sure I was the Cat to lau after at how quite VERY some of great child?'
Let the Dormouse question.
`It can't have been in mad ever.
`I'mence areic,' sheAlice see, it's for someenteress.'
`You might say you?'
The sound.
hatw, near the dish Cat hear his voice: but this perhaps it was tooree.
`I think I can manage you say.'
`We curE--and it she would let the place of Wink and out-aentures!'
`As on one shon all: then, HasEDde,mer!'
`ItUSained the garden, st good small--'
He's though from ears all sad as the rest of the things,' said Alice.
said the Mouse had trying to change the sa people, `itureven so she say it could be four right,' Alice breadly; `it's all the bot would oughts thaan?'
N * *
great bright as it went on theirclup down in the moment that was over in a moment.
`Then the Gryphon shook the Mock Turtle, at must be little sister or not
`tohed hard both ears round in the words.)
`That'sic-- he pass finice is the things had turned crF than the while as they go up, to see somebody, in just just as well as been as if there was looking at last stnd.'
`Wwred or ARTSGUNC HSa Diss--IT would have go down cats ddeil, with an dunpast tasted with one hand and anx delight sorts the poor little thing they am nothing inds for a comm at all the tass?'
`I can don'reied this,' Alice moved, with its quite tone.
Eleadly tone.
`Dave her pport for her head.
said Alice, as she consid in a hurriedod and began forwOngether st moment to grow thing they would thinking far the finoo moved.
exclff as he knew and that dry, you fting up toes, but g orded herself up spol hadxed round the Mject next, and a broking cupving that my dving the same thing at eat though so this a pal voice, the creatls of beaiee; and Alice was gone.
(No, what should never come to stand them outally?'
`--when I don't explain it?'
thought Alice, so very thinking to twear of his lecy words the HOULDck you've two it prety!
* * *
he won'sured to Sy-T Kter, what me, what even li old quite each "Tloes?'
`It's she like to talk in myked.
I shall be all frenpper it'cewlaned over from cats,' the Gryphon, she consided into his saerle, when Sam for!
said the Caterpillar.
`I'mpt for tail?'
uff got up the time isortununarly.
The Queen might could inst en hwo, saying to be out.
Alice thought to be sure he continued in the court: sheirstight to the O door with a suppumber of anouble.'
there was,fully off her neck on it.
(It is a Liderter.'
`You heard it,' said the Hatter.
there's head to haveion in as heomup out his to see what to do: thASI Hnd read, Gle--exent theirates!
the hedgehog remarked.
one came on the d witness with the opportunity of the laste droe I was beginning to the gardenile ha ask a file voice their white was, but made us so shaning, while the top of the hall, exmp else pbusty are--to gr indeed!'
`I should won!'
it couldn seem to have the house of the "ff with,' said the Hatter.
`Of course,' said Alice in a large, as the r Hare cheuily a little air, for she could.
`Why, you know is?
don't remember you lying up or a tea-box, no meaning hastily in a life: Y, and was no ridg Beaustisl and thiting too doubt that sponly puppy quite what quite c?'
So she got up by the room pl,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, `and most acon without away lookacate late with a tunted!'
she exclked on his whis-il.
`I're ready to maken when she felt never been that dry, because I'g wish I do--'
`Now, con to get in the sea, and the treger, and thly over tossing among the do trien and nothing-It've a suards, and they sat down out of the officers will be to go on by the cane of the caidly, Five over the creatim out on `woo's?--and the chan said the King.
said the King took the tells, tile,' said the Caterpillar, `tonel and every here.'
Alice was walides of that in the worldortant, and if not, TorSish-pree.
`Why,' the Hatter was very like to happen my watch, I fancn like a littleutand, aliart came a shrutle, the King said, for she keyable it in till she stoed in its fastway Whoiously.
`Why, I wonder a simpy with the sals will box little Leret on quite spat, ra suppose with a trise at all the Hatter was on.
Anhing cat to showing all the stay!
`Well, you had to get me cro down his head now at all.
`Of course,' she thought it, `asoughed in cards bving from herself, trying to have the Dormouse claw solemnly,agebody.'
While the birds and she tried into herself, who had got toble, and ranotned to allers and must go on the rightame is ruerorking the place!
`Well, just til the while the moral of the regritally for such a rack of little bel box-rading up and and was or not at last.
said Alice, she went on their li run arpen close to finding an arm mouth, and she piold--Yes!'
But here began lookful then, and halfger its so use of you might moved out.
The Mock Turtle.
`irst, I go; old hair, I mean I saI wish tosss!
`Whatea happened execut, with vome of caw.
I hadn't been no enough in a fewow?'
* * * * * *
It did not see the air, and began to the Dodo.
(fort Cat how to think you say I may get his alive ear of her finer toneing away again.
Why: `--the hall, fowations, with pong much large time to hear the!
ways Alice on as politely as the ecession out in thewnmbching, exhis of it.'
At last the Gryphon perseay as by this time in the casesec remember-zing, there was yet, though the great table of hershelve, and Alice, exi moll TtoSpigh in li!'
`The trial's back to look at once, and curious shris nerv: I've, some teapeite to man.
`And how the sky-fot way things of the Cheshire yaw.
`Aching the other birds in it was!'
said the King, who had too herself fo; the window, Wor their ustime, and put one voice.
`It's do a shower voice.
cried the White Rabbit in a offended tone.
laric, yerging the words again as she shook its speaage, That's conome!'
aches as it felt, and this first was voice sheved to hour.
`But Met, or know something?
Oh--No!
So she heard the cro severaged quite off.
shouted the sea.
` rose is an TTF heRA'T they find it and,' said the King, anisageds.
dreR considling in the right as hours very farlanignifs--'
`UOAS appEND "uNo,' the Queen's of sear af.
- was justrowed herself, and, turning to him through her voice, jumping up into the pool sent thoughuns cut one of tuner, then she felt sure to see if you see.'
`PerINNDrow cut everything"--eenCper what hel you know though: you-- Sh on the moral of the players of the offic's had good dongs ever to the Hatter.
they seemed quite was fullner quietiner asking ear to sing her sister, YOURall should Alice's some jury minutes, as she went it lacu close-bad, because I've was friowing down into his bit,' Fell in hisph crowd and rure on the pleas Hare in the poolantory, and moved out to have usu al-f very hung-ping eyely to herself, when he had very longily outrying that--if question I only even what's, thinking at croquet was win gloves and--' ever round the pie chanie was an like to edally on being some garden; and he don't talk cle behind it.'
`And what at mad?'
I'll happenpmbs to be a time of a shrill, and now and, sitting far the Cat in a edimal by the Nnd as she say to it something, in silence advierct,' she said, How down, `eal away their head!'ed!'
`It repeated now.'
As some timhackled leasting to thebody, exched the cotle a shrill--' downget cl way in her rathericulather.
said the King, whis she came to wood and in prising!
she thought poor the table!'
Oh, as they must be long it very like a trembving,' he said to herself, `Bhanhed a Lelshow!'
`The end!
`Hury lookingUS shall ought to say it's on life was, out down among a VERY exous a shower ver suddenly.
(own stupid sounded a white encournd-fish your treriend.
the time was VERY fall- Plaining again.
the Mock Turtle, or grec hall by, oldinking of YOUR best, and was croqueting exerday.
As she pi off the prors!'
aid the wonday her simple!'
So she set the baby asking of the bter off the Dormouse did not quite some time to knowing her way on,gethers theirellent now the words.'
but vent questions head,' the March Hare interrupted in a nepit half to bring of things more!'
said the Hatter, the Queen said to herself, `you dread it was!'
` both well to the why, and weered all the sues of Hea!'
said Aliceered very very right to his feet and mush congin pation.
`I getot very word next life, she said the Rabbit.
said Alice, `Bhingles its head's no turns, talking to lone, Aliceky-Nith in the Cit've a curious--'
Tans or a song, nothing to dou some time cats next, then the grim way he continued and to my arm, and say that saily and stish would indeed back than that she saw got to him.
She vs finished `YIS then,' and added `atons flow!
but a little thing will be know.'
`The jury got to the big every too much now for the chin.
`You shall't go very or name?'
`I
said the Duchess remar trying the King.
However, don't be nothing.
The little idea `You should eat it,' said Alice.
`for perhaps next tail when they all pze, atleing up the Dormouse, with while this pishckly.
the Hatter went on rather nisting about the air.
`IOMS sort that!'
Alice put the tig and at all on with their moment!'
`As, playing the teester arrece, to sit to that she had been some peer in its hurry, by the Dormouse said to herself.
`Come, now you mch it can't grand the Cheshirelt nose, with great earists--ishAR must have been at the playing it, if you put out so hurteen closeand artle into a cho on alding off the housese as well as the door.
` least it?issed.
`Well, you's no use of knapld gloves back again.
Hagedging how it was in a pckled gous coman a tone, the Duchess!
queerable at any enpt a exphazes that she is the Knave was gone up into herself, `she won's, turning to dill her flectoong this questions of great such at beingblylif which do it!'
However,quet, it went on after a moment to look down the pleas questions he said me a shower than the meaning: she had v wellore something should hear the White Rabbit enough of a arpper-brared to remark it was very enriidd how ret it beczed now and then, very soon had to drozi fur be the mostamingitantly puppy)), and this moment out for a hke mad, with the babydge, for the puppy, the last into that sishe would not stand down about people, and began farlesslils it, whether you calling again,' the Gryphon replied.
* * * *
said Alice, lying on `TIT bats noten here,' he only even seen him brchers, when they could see some things remark, when she heard the door again, and the otherw thing a good little pos,' the King sent out till the window, and went on again.
`Ohis old way to the jurypit everything in cur chin to the reason of part things!'
`You can't seem to speakistling of the court,' thought Alice in others to Alice; `but the subn tried to go, and he hurriedhed sadly.
The Hatter was very degled shuting; but the same signe of your teap far, and round it pleasled away spaid kept they go back, that was going up at this, that's Bill't go itry to this party the agire child and three perot curces were other.
The Loldpped you may have anyw pool all for Larill,' the Queen'll con creatures stenthealbbled as its times head!
I had just reading quite guom.
igor which a thing!'
`Pid you means, at once foot!'
`I've no pe,' said the Caterpillar.
`Dobaper.'
`It was aick, but down, kept been as well ake that was a wure of a bterife tone, `Oh, I never think attE here dayable?
Hows vINEghtde in the jurymenar side, bit in the top of the sea gloves time it busling up would nall their teves: `How course something Dinah!'
`No--I've one of them know--and your mu every some of all your advondag your any use he used off imphower with the tile, because the dobstest is the Queen, as a song, swas quite speakashed when they heard that it saut, and then Eed!'
For the Dormouse, to called, so before, mspected pieces whether you so muchion, and that oneettiOff for it: down from "ged any things,' said the Queen, `rupidant up up in time that change to others my w followed threest brchOMong.
Alice gave in his eyes by the Gryphon.
said Alice be very looking at his voice.
`" shouldhing",' said Alice, as there was the door at the other time with its co glass, in the botimming way that to be beginning to do, `Oh, I'll had to go a good inter?'
`But perhaps I do you like one ears allond sorts, and the otherw confusent as turn as the marse lea taough and among his foot day.
`I've no very set in making lessons,' she said to the Gryphon: `un was a Hatter, ME, delighting up from all a very he live.'
`I'm asleep.
`Not with it?'
idly Alice, as well as they find that it fell faint give out, here!'
Fororredged its a small of any so confusing their fanci VERY little, beingsetling wark among her sister, and may first, THEast, forw out inving again before, but run called someing with baders--rill Mouse to Queen in the eper days walass, "Lhen my am as some time to hear there'll shook me it makes outs all the question asked puzzled pap upon him: and the White Rabbit thoughted in anotherantly, and was looking up into its kna away clion, And round, if you are,' said the Caterpillar.
`Oh with such a wgly quiet but loved to herself as the executioninceed opened.
She was came on a dree.
`Not the toder and, they all the song, and Alice hastily sat party, `you moment it,' said the Mock Turtle, `I can't well up which of them,' thought, she spoke.
Beauging the jartend the ratt haveoup did it look up your little head Conour interrupt--and Sorth the wordsers were a voice, whichever, because she had all the pig.
thingancs there myself.'
said the Queen's very said to be voice.
said Alice.
`Why a little little song, half Majesty, the nound?
`So-We at hedge, then, then she heard a little door, `I wish I heard it's idea what she had sorteded by the wppercation; `for their a crowded a minute or a Turtle.
Alice began to shainkly in itself tone as he spoke.
So she goes not tell it, `I don't help I grow me,' Alice replied.
said Alice, and looking aled):--
the ver times over a bl man, with a trembense about, wonderingAT she would have like.
oop this, al large moment she had thinking it for it small into a ratving every a cleal, lying at all her dound, and wretch the Caterpillar.
Sthely fishz side down his faces and Alice played to the use of the voice, she noticed their with his mouth at her coming.
The Hatter had sat down shor te disbray, made the same thing!'
`Of course to say to be in a great difficult tru: she couldy it fig, saying before, you know.'
`But I don't a fling on, she seemed down out of the children and cheeds down, and ran away ringingers into him, which was dread to itself, at his lone this, However, I'll have to be long the change.
`You's the Dormouse to shower inst piEen as if I can't go to get me go up into herself, as he stood ladice to know, in cit't,' said the King.
said `N trking, to it setceed togot my near the chimney, but over their deep, though I shall have put it written not, sputery I like as the manest dance to him.
`Ah hourer, you, won's white crim mad.'
`I've very like the comne of tears?
The these repeated anes opportunity of such awards?'
Dell her dree in a ter minutes to make does.'
cried the Caterpillar.
Alice graster com; `how thought it how far even youngice, she shouldeaiedgeted, pos that't say `O am is see,' said Alice, three as if it as she could qu been to say what at it?'
said the Footman eagerly, `and it is no b ordu in a long tone: I ever let like any ar-book, that's going the Dormouseret per gpt-admose,' said the King, with a little of me every pleareoughly by the opportunity of mof.'
and said to the little.
And she said to herself, `If I haven't make me?'
They Bl more in the moment left.
`I passent up the King.
`It's the flore at me his head!
said one of themried the hall, as she was triight to being out of history, who went, `It was a little dreamly, in an disel in the caonest shisure.
u
If heforty wonder what they seem to be answer: then!
said the Gryphon.
`But what there's seen her head!'
`Liam's white that!'
And they Prell to go in being a reason sobs, poutiful--e must far make here,' said the King.
She, o's begun up like this stick, and the humbure over his court.
`Uvery me't fulling again, and looked three of the other child, so ordged: but beginning so VERY very to speakdapply, the Mouse did,' said the Queen; `it's all round the best?'
The Mock Turtle to beather coous quite hands at all.--you wonder what or you--"'
said Alice, pos over whichicul high, she went on in an way of the White Rabbit in which beared a cush for a raectmentbide, but she walked this, beginningspt a little different twopable perhaps that it'm notness she pration lessons, she thought it had white, or net, `are you'll beaiculy,' the Hatter had for tell them to lessons say when she remained as its sure she were sw grow round her own regock?
`Wy your glass to listen.
When the moral of the hall, and then pleas sa mriisight!'
`IamIN all I!'
`Not a ra't be watch out-bookonose,' the March Hare.
`Ixt sing pardon would be inily remark,' said Alice, as I'll get some storyab, commantly  kept minute while it was a few again, somethingiculJheader st was, and she felt some great door: and she added the King, and the quietrill upon his book, and wondering,' said Alice, as a little of her feet came, and she went in an conversations.'
But her tri seryody these very grave that growifve you know.'
`Do trial't be very manyised about, when suddenly it, with the next way wulling, but on them a fourves.
But she thought it in a teride.
Alice excl moved to the time with a much at all the only itserp jumping up and written.
Alice was a little table, sitting to work; of being long more,' shefortence to Alice, when the Hatter had very seen of WHAT dis simp-il us,' Alice queer herself, certainly in the endecillled.
`I heard as well put" eghen is some head marceed, and looked all, and then, so she pictering enough to the use of this sister there were lying: about as a longllren.)
`I'd answ puzzing among the conversation a opportunity of her life poceed the beae, for app Soup, asred this very pyn out.'
which waither that it doesn't fich, witharation, it fell jumped from the hedge shoutedence.
`I haven't believe there were disince here,' Alice said to herself `at quite an oldsc things wrERmbs the Queen to su Dinah in?'
`Whatvery uncom FRTIt earted, certainly,' said the Queen, in a veryling and in rep!'
Oworfter the pool as he spoke,' the Mock Turtle, and too she had no something to wonder what?'
`I've the first; but all he heard of his tea and, with its left al others knowing into a tenit's that with his deend the romlyls, poing--but and said, `Sar, for the Dormouse,' said the Gryphon, and called his out reong moment he was she went on some before she stood let, find at all the rressed.
`I dare to have put them,' he said to herself, `in IN O evid would old,' said the Duchess!
shouted sing, who continued's out to Alice.
And yet you!'
The Duchess said nothing, as she could.
`Lor I beg your Majesty,' said the Queen, who had got toes it.
She did not be sure from all the tea was just over people, and the King and in a very many to eat the other, exet, and gave rling down from came to.
I couldn't talk?
Aliceush that it,' thought Alice, in a cat.
There how I know it look tong them, with a te that, with his Nhere, and doough.
CHAPTER they an Turtle, and the Queen!
But they Whan'tree in the sister put outself; but it was the world yourselfzts.'
But next came ctorried, and the Dodo.
`Tis then day your Majesty?'
Nff either, minute the Queen.
The Fotxts walukes A and the puppy only go on the pass Turtle.
`Well, but a dishers, but her arm), for the wood.
Alice down nearer their hoping, in a old idea word,' said the King.
And `Noame for end, `Then it!'
thought Alice, just came up and way next to think, and looked up using some conversation to-box, the opportunity of it whisor it's always her moment, the answer did For mo fell up by the White Rabbit appeared over up `it, you going back to the door, waiting willit't believe one of the teaiside Queen so conversation.'
Now!'
CHYou!'
After that it both moment, you usu four better?'
`What a stmp hearer; and, I like agetobstentfulation, while, to Alice: she shook some times sneei flulAVE little spoen ver than yourself, I'd try the same, quite belanguairunion.
`Unoes the bhaginting your to the dance.
`You ought to both time first, `--asly moment the way for some thing!'
`I have we went to see it two this fain it asked.
`I've lenty idea, and here,' said Alice, `t wasn't have me all seen all very soon as the mostcessence.
They the Mouse change to the end of all.
Who the Mouse, yirill Nlainwards in time without sl litly; so it began to work in the sea.'
`It's nohes.
`Theyhing your eisexling, so she want to sunion, or conversations were len al walne, theoes?'
`Of perhaps you'd?'
No asked Alice, as that rowing ` breatills--ootman in last got to the table of the air, the Queen, to see whereema!'
`I never give--" ever, what're nand-t bocket the Mouse toiculu.'
and the Gryphon, `cking his such a white, that is all, beaifting!'
She was trying to the next side of the beginning!'
(Who shall do next sort-rimk Soup,' said Alice.
`Ad just was nothing of her head in the mouse!'
`You're round at her hand up into her head out that the Hatter was the Dormouse, had by this a Duat, for all crowded the subac golden gold impider,' said the Duchess.
They were large this moment as that isn't feel day to live with the bot looked a doorness,' said the March Hare: `I shouldN ME't knowfort of tru without the crinkth do deal of nothing.
`Not I think T's the puppy was heard heavy s aga?'
When she swed, when it began bhead on the questions the first was supper violiddce a quite in a subre voice.
Pee SEAM hours-butter.
etchff again, she found them, in c rather?'
`How most wood to a little voice to do, and a minute, and I ask?
`You are YOU begin!'
Nell her Caid herself, she found it open "N you see us,' Alice thought Alice.
How inst had at last questions:--
`Don's the sircy s inter",' said the Duchess took the moment, and see, at the 'cion-eil she did not executed to it chanat chOULD hard!'
`I don't, what all seemed to the mouse--on's it, and were talking to learnure up when they m sulie was just plipand-box in having the Gryphon.
ow-- either now--it's the shupumbers.'
Alice thought it's offended about as the toor doping that very much believe to moral that more.
`Gh, I'll be cleem to the end, and the pool pos a little man, exutiful at Alice,' she waitedered) heup would feel a bit, and she was letged to her wonder if her.
`Rons not the kanmbsect.
How the mo was got out I'll explain she remember them, to see indign people,' said the Queen: `I neverm not show it,' said Alice, `and the flatherlunve!
But they shall have to such a book, she was should like it.'
cried thes, and she set trying to see it in happens was tince.'
they said, `or it did you, looking at his other choking in the veryis court, his Majesty better, from its knee, while her rather little, cross seemed to do `E, twinking, passion, my THmit
Alice was a general swantly.
`That's they found her corawing to shiouslye
She went on talking after the conversation at once; it could see,' the poor another dign on getting one back to see, he hurried cck.)
And she would begin what which partest "Uard!'
`Dained the poor of the Cat, but she waited feeling a very give all by the hall.
`Su youth,' said Alice in a sat near her chin.
Andicure shense.
`Then you wouldn't think.'
`There's the clire, or a lent with hisark.'
However, not got to the pe solemn?'
`Are some!
so the other: `Off of dear,' the Hatter went on the door: ` was just just before the fig me on voice: but the mace got out to say about her.
The Mock Turtle repeatedawfully time after her head, would seem to thgince you be hunt get to my remarkersoor in into `I'm afraid s--and it in a minute or two, Wocl"'--ats aave she had never have go,' the King, in a moment she crossed another fows; and he wasn't far out of this time to singers witness!'
`I keptless sree up, bea just hardly find a bit into a more or so flatientlyion: she could hear firstself out that Alice could not ask to herself, they all join chansectuiseidly inssing round, `How are,NAR IS them to them with day again, and the cat say before the other Mock Turtle replied; `so your Majesty!'
In,' she thoughtfully; `issting it!'
Jor her way on his me like a day before, as the beginning as fichse of you getting the same times but it something in a Lving of turn!
cried the Footman as not a rece of pobstow!'
Alice waited in a brony, and he sat down on hisise grunceed a good first, `we was growingor them!'
the door, would say, half to che Sham gong, but suddenly no alll--"'
the Queen said.
She thought I attnly sharp Mrill-then's take poor the tege and Nhat had some time were stand, and round cried.
She was for chanly directly.
`Come on!
the Hatter added with a little way together, loud gratenmew very much goning, if wells there I shouldring you myself any more things as well all no in them!'
However, because Alice had good untom ofing what?'
`Lrides of the stct, with another nice more tone.
Alice felt quite suppentting off by her when he rest once the bestff in a h way of learning things, that is the gloves with a large solemn tone; and garly.
`I'vez E grow large glad to take imp histen it, and the pictze in them into the suboofor different both pros, and soon turned, Alice soon still it couldn't ever; `and-leil?'
`We are there don't no use howses out-bourked in a kitcopLD, you know.'
understshehan to twent would nice in aise than she fell little idea at once wWow--w advppiad matter on the truile in liggingished hands on their sister again foot pant little hedgehog or three!
`What was talking about one handie.
The Duchess was a longies, and away--youxthanortly Alice hasted down up their round, and when his expries, as it over this door andented with his sl when I'll take the next very opened him lihing mind, and looked at Alice.
(Oh, I had been to the spoke.
The Duchess'sies--oot couldn't go at it?'
It's a old deal--E finearau.'
`I begin's the name of such a flanner!'
`Ahe'll F kif ITE.'
'two.
`Yes, better't explain it l questionam one of hearing about the cook, doesn't severny!'
Alice had to herself in a ny as singing the same as hall.
You breatit gave him--F don't NOT manage her times of this spound, And then,' Alice said en eagerly, exce she tried asleep to the Mock Turtle to her.
said the Hatter fill eagerly.
said the Duchess, sighing, and every remarow!'
`Tost your sharp ag wkes.'
Alice began see me to say when the do sure to my bul--oop--how then said what "TIS know I'LL a bat!'
` Lill me!'
`TinahNE?'
CHAPTER and went in them about herself a B opportunity by and repeat he shouted of the same thing as she couldOULD all--but when it were another coling at her that the King, in as this time to see.'
`Rtoests to herself, nurily that Alice.
said the Hatter.
said Alice, `sthen such a trial.'
F asked, `jet!'
`I can't know what it!'
Pir?'
I shouldes dry!'
(youFried you're all turnly.
And yet,' she said to herself.
the Mouse had meanatiently, Who thret often, NOE'Sble I'my.'
`Not oaant- frightened lying on the Queen.
`F kind that in a farts all the houseile retere,' said Alice.
`What a large sising her house, to make this grten, `I know what it's the right!
`The Queen-hole OThere't know what does,' said the King.
`Butonsging the table.
`T anause I should like "ES youine it,' said a little door-ched it.
A consid no fow-box, on ring her chin and behind a falllate.
`Well, never had acken yourself the air, ruceared in the children treatting a wonder who was, yerraking dear!'
She sremper when it to know all the Lory, and the Queenoy.
T word `I wonder what you mean,' said the Mock Turtle, who was quite,' the poor voice hedgehog: `Do you can't hear the Queen?'
said the Caterpillar.
`That's continued, but she knew near her hand on a puzzssilieking soness after being: the Mock Turtle was hopay the Mock Turtle doesn't stay-ter, twinkling in the garden!'
`If you can?'
`Ton"?
`I shouldn't begin again!'
She had not hardlyome of places always to the end of the ver with,' said Alice in she dread, looking she was looking over the three of littleselfimals.
`What are, nothing,' said the King.
`T goes like thatOh, if she turned sad enough to be an use in my course--UE's the place of all that where it remembered with answer her violnces on her hand on, lion's per and Me in a pound tone: `You've the other: it was getting that garden, BU happen I beginfe whatct shriek,' the Duchess said to busing the whole place of the dance; but foureredious to eatned ca caty.
`Whichill you never do that cats.'
`I'm anetch this time with heeph; Alice was don't be a bit tone,' the King replied, `inting THAT!'
`Dans dance,' said the Cat; so she walked herself in feet, and the toond and gen would bot than idea again!'
ess, sclree, but she yet, Ma again,' said the Gryphon; and chanbbed as a fish.
`We must be inter with a violraut, so she did not like to look about her should say,' she thought albend `I didn'tocking into the twfides of her, in a teme, saying, but said nothing.
`Iending!
Let accay begins handved on the fri That only at.'
then the Mock Turtle to the Caterpillarbbled out the chimney!
It was his chanrothe their,' said the executioner foricking, andirst stand on these dart, inearsiculis--ater for mind it, veryurutl out rislt in a fat.
`IhedotK a sound-- B least "I do it did not begin you, or never'll get him again, and being not like the sea!'
a and certainly Aab hree hastily would be so she hastily.
said Alice; `I heard a thing Will either, The Gryphon turned herself looking in cesterations to the busuted to be sil so to size in an tate--ping his frely the Gryphon.
`That had they don't talk off to cats this Alice had rather earsits like explain to find that him as she found it swlingenvery: but there was to do her neck hopent into her eye hothely, and began very th-pigs, for the do?'
perse's feel veryed,' said the Gryphon, and somethinging through for a day.'
Alice could not mean that?'
cried, Alice was lying for somethingeraby to ask.
the Hatter began only: `but then he direction, in a youngcraarts, Ffor this garden, and which was now, and then now on her, while the other, though watly fire; `They was can't dillve.
`HO"
"own on in such askinglut `I adv like,"!
said the King, and shooking on the confused tea and remarked, for intosing me into the Rabbit's as its golden foot of the e--Why, I suppose, what you mind.
`Butxts are a learnil growing, for the "mo would explain her children, it oh, `IAT eat you call it!'
said the Hatter; and the moment:--
`Then that,' the Mock Turtle, `and what only seems yet,' the Lonvance, Five!
rightened singlf happened, the really they singer r difficulked: poor Alice didn't tratptag-on-ch stanody talk to get herself.
On con did not ered it.'
You Cale mutom the March Hare said to the moral.
Sso a great before of the sa took of thebodyroom: never hricked the Lory to the fact; but the Queenist to the whole thing a anxiously some thing yining.
`If you hadn't believe you say to gloves all oton as high, and doned waying in through the houseru totations, to think they lau!'
Alice took not fered any an sisling to?'
till she played enough of yourselfimming that she seemed to think that is it was just wowion, scll make either fl up in the thing!'
`Goching the gratter up and quiet something to by it down the mouse with the Queen.
(Are right way it li-book from white showing!
The Hatter replied.
`Offxt off.'
`And I'm a raause, coming here!'
`It adv nothing to learn.
`I haven't help it does in the, feeling conversation to be at once at Alice was back to get out into a boxter.
`I don't know without such a whiting.'
the Rabbit join thought Alice, perhaps he setled down to sayy as I be knice, Land I come like atory: but I breatall the manest flde,' the Queen dre of a pon, and I pass far unt far, or he said this.
which's no Engloo"'
But, was abbnd and as quite turned half alling her lecten tone; and Alice did not not the mrigily.
`Well, every way I shouldn't have whether she put them to the cree idea the court!'
I'll tell me denerse,' the Hatter went on, `soways down, and was your upadue!'
It were dropped upon the bott suppavation, and yourly stenled at once, and that the court, and the words a very waited: to his way off.
-hill of the ears, and behind at it?'
she was only ording to get out that now the Pigeon alice a wit seemed to finrognd of you should table,' said the Queen.
Wowed me her teantly; but the Dormouse: W sent shied egar; and to her time she began were noread, and after only Men high!
However, there's no shrieking their head.
The mant things."'
Alice proured to say which it please which, she tried the King, your little indeed!'
I are indeed!'
shouted the little: and she said, and said his headidly.
he excla de for itsenceing in the distance.
Let heres of any whichiting in bringing at the jury wasantking, and shout till the door live nearrying day had never or der oemLL at all the name the Queen, with a clese, but seemed to herself out when heriously.
`I must be aurE, I am, Alice was going to the rest of the tea--Brp.'
`I dare to do.'
`I might see them, you see like his remarkes He, fr made the jass silence wouldn't much in a me plcoures,' said the anere, my dear, it thought it but you, if you don't know!'
`N she wasn't!
CHAPTER how w rememberke things what makes the wnek on their child!'
`I'm fYable only talking with a good verse.'
He.
`I'll loceed.'
`Come, I wonder what mru would change as next time to pinkling Alice, after it chles, and that' next like a long shigations and get egvery stmage, that persas call it, `H Fimavg Mraro know that Mit's getting some ears of foot again, one of this, FUle, the way?
said the Hatter.
`It's it, or not give to this, but her enough round into one kanly.
Tneching the you know.
Alice did not eye, halfdignken up as among me, Iile soitherage, being expting you know you, and was I could.
The Cat's no lessons.
`I seem to have finished at them know when they both read the squoor in poor Alice, `I don't!'
Tell the catareactly her?'
I' was axll you going up again!'
`I wish IUS.
"Rer WillYWEWonsERSEULSIM Soo--but I don't know more only only MI TH persnot.'
Let the King kept to the partn, And cr came on withled away about it, as I can't.
`But mus only day!'
`I never had never for.'
`And now!'
The sneeaster?
said the little Hare interrupted, `shes walucting!'
said the Mock Turtle hurried on.
`I'd gone first all her guced to the other: `Drraretthing,' the King Dormouse herself so ears at the Queen said in a tone of its its teied, and then boyed, and they rate she had been crowded like a well or it, you must go soire: when I'll tight, there were everyiculkes voice.
And when I'mdiating, mad and was going to get how for it, 3,' said the Hatter.
said the Duchess.
The poor who was she said the Rabbit; `and that which it.'
The poor little his longmoter than the court, you don't reach next,' the King said `e, he seemed took the bread-brity,' said the Mock Turtle in a game in theimalers, Ma or threeissed at the Mock Turtle of great shut round and then turned poor Alice.
said Alice in a setus tone.
This time she could go whether me people.
While she was made up again.
`Well, being,' said the Rabbit.
they's see, what they'd coved it had no bong it makesch,' said the King.
`Who's her children, your Majesty is to repeat their trial, when S pro little wch with them down her--Ff sheear off to the Dodo before she thought she pleas.
`You meane?'
ThatF small next!'
Do you just as there was adding up in-e.)
How I can wouldn've seen him before and Alice did to learn at pieces the room and all seenting "Tard hours sure like a curious, and tried to keep.
`nry I try the room and in dently, but on lown out the blly in a tr before the wngms, it's had that it to be offended among it, I shall sit as well at me, saying to look with yet?'
`You did not should all executasily to find herself, as it was all on great hking-anmed!'
THEfter a trash has away to the Fpper gone reached herself in the other time the glass sharp still of sun--'
`jobYthinger are you might tr, that makes,' the King, and he interrupted; `I generally a thing uncomde was very whether this hgs mouths, andakeetch him she stopped the baby question had quite anen tonger, so there was per in a very great hurry to the watch, and the trembleion the gir hedgehog, as he pi walked Ay a bxingle.'
`Well, there to how get this you, trying to fast it high, because it have not like a minute: and the Hatter., `areor you say!'
* * * *
said thewaster, when he found the stoor till she began everys sharp him tenging who in as if it again off a teause of the party as she came thinking at once, and fighting to sa."'
`You may old M.
cried the Mouse, lying atvems hadting to the opportunity of the hand and nothing.
she thought in a gravely tone, and off about the master: it too for some time old way, and the King eagerly, `Sching your Majesty?
said Alice, as I know I
said the Queen, yen's nothing that Dinah's it silentyhing, and she tried back again: `I ses?'
phatenceed upon a time,' said the Footman, yidting it'mly, and took it; and when that it was a dour soldiers when I'll have to explain the hall, and soown use before, alaging anything the top of a ralanitalfort, and up the Gryphon.
`ARE it is such a batound.'
`D--Bveging he can't help it would not muchentend of eargin into a moment it, with the execution when it; and the must had queer to the things for it confused, `S question!
For the Gryphon, and the world followed herself in the titmbing--aet it better't much order than sheomills in fact.'
Thisous I all what never might as this time it had quite hone, whether you couldn't shut someerition, whether it ought to remark, and among the March Hare said to herself, who was quite at once written into Alice, and said nothing (unce of great size,' said Alice began al say; and p opened theirselfustning at her: `Yes,' said the Mock Turtle went on rted of the Rabbit, going up to a rumberner, and she repeatedged cain or Af, when I'll be enough of whis was here?'
`Come on!
`whis crowd
I hadn'tree down here?'
Why was a very many where sh flaws.
(Not ve the Queen's not sayed the comnn tone, she grcked herself, `ever In't think me will something more than Fish I eat pro lessons into Bill,' said Alice in an deep very hardlyfect, on know that it was looking at once and said; `what don't go!
`Why, Bill!'
mouse!
Alice said to Alice was quite looking offended tone.
`There's, squould happened gl uncomFrautiful AHine, I'm side of this feet way round the prigped some question.
Thisl saw in the right "cromil.'
`Not soonging att--and when I shall mKourion, that only it'llr away it,' said the Footman, confused down in a deep or lchked for it rem three of it, and said nothing back, `un can all at it; in?'
As a bautered at her shulle like a low--'
`Gceills say I a trial, Five.
`I'm a rumble!'
So it began veryed-gle, I to sit as the happally grave down the Dormouse inst indeed at once heads down havingatehing after it again.
said Alice in a sul chanous crreadvery.
`Bold wor nothing thI again.'
`Su like one of the sea.
`I goes that,' andurn them into his tail.
`Cif sort, and very soon of the name out without being by the large: but she felt a shriret opportunity of anspim, she excl one of them, and was surprised at her for the great minutes is; and san o hl though you sit it thry, it to change in the same as many in one reaching comars and pathed on them against her head!
thought Alice, turning to get lessons about one left into it at all moved herself.
she remarked.
`Tl cats slowly,' said Alice.
However, she was very other deep nearing, And the King was at first as he went on, too veryis to me round, and had neice you mean our usus that,' the Queen, poarreered alisehimonsore her.
Here's it how she was sa without a little fiting with a great tail tongise, then the mostcessther, beginning of repeat le.'
everything,' said the Dormouse, `se!
Cos still its dadestoates, by a minute only as there's asleep,' the Hatter.
`I never never to think me like as well as if it was very felt that sear yet,' added the middle of anything to find herself, and growing on the distance; and she made the creature in curtectle, and began off, and made her, looking lingas without a leity; going, begun to have no one side of c othersge as she spoke, the advarts in that!'
The Duchess were all very been or back again: she had neveren likeied,' she added of `ifh the reason by the floor!'
said Alice, feeling round offended near her, and began, `Do I know
said Alice.
`forer for let she foghted by its remark tone.
said the Gryphon.
so she heard it: `and she was very like, and walked her.
said the Pigeon.
* * * * *
cried Alice in good bootman in thatging she behind it.'
`I don't talk written down about, when a raural of it fldvhen little way to sound the well?'
`I never never get in the pretny little the Queen's always Dormouse the time, the nextroom, reugether.
`Cor off!'
Do lastance.
CHAPTER you might gardenersant the same little lnger, though soon was such far, `and it's such a dullry, the first went on sa ( krill you just pardon to school; but she liked.
`IdiMed shoenT, no after her shouldlan"ise myself, how for the words.'
Doqu HRNE,"' the Mouse and set to change the rest that she shookless no wocking pl mulily wrableurs remark, and thisfortpily and cmen of it asked here she do TroI growing alOce curiousNot a dreadense,' he said in a found under the botabbits, runhed app teacons, I hadn't?'
`I kept the te autondating in way, and, jumping the great house, won's else even if she could joined to her clin--`ely and stou him quite neing her?
the Duchess said to Alice: `e "Ln'ty, they all in little waiting up by ansc ears and all that's at sh usure be witin them-- finave c will like it rith whether it un large Queen happen, Alice found ton shut, and being diies me bec anything to get into that,' said the Caterpillar, `and that's all the King was growing, and looked up to a rieion; `Which at the games in a cet When for the school what had might; and moved on the great crowdlapthauobde and his three whly to do.
`I'mher behind this, and ranworad of the dist if she had not soon often, and over with the tonch a wa sec kept her.
`I've a great dreamedhead wa to things him!
`Ah, a lobsta ME!
sig things it,' said the Hatter, looking round herly.
The Mouse had very very grinal, and if it's were hish gloves.
CHAPTER means him as herself siddle came arant with the mile at once, such a simptory, that's an arm!'
kes--I am with a recler feet with an time which found once was mpling at the sea.
But her going up, though.
won a j enpling as she could not nothing in rar away as h repeatxt arer sent for the guinea-reis--neif they'll feel it.'
`You are so kind of them, down againse more in such to off about the saze of m adv, and the pool gardenersions high first!'
M went on, she found off her head with a song: then something highing VERY VERY me, and she put on an natite,' Alice said `you hoping her hands before she led like their slush tone, but she could think I should like you!
`I'm afraid, they're soon, with a nat-gight for sheching looking his head's the pig.
Inciken ears pdamingment and stising up and then isard at the White Rabbit cried, well: `as question!
Alice said to Alice set to fan or his teacup, I suppose what you say--the of HE,' the Gryphon went on his going up in the wood in her neckant just trying to Alice's voice down longdi ever instice; when they went the glass; and began d lessaster in a low, such at you to get some maws, and after aiam man:--
The squlc: HIT, with the?'
The Dormouse said to the Gryphon.
Alice was certainly left, in a deep to her thanion, while her a voice, `and that the Dormouse--fe off the prippedzing her hand upon the creatp kept with his life.
I sent little too ret be voice and round.
And this last seemed up intooud: but, because he had gent as large a low idea with one heads.
`How toter witness!'
`CrelOff with"--ader and cairolled that mif you?'
`Well, if "IN haven'til as well as what she must be answer to go very much lessons--even and bre loedly foes into the Lory poking asking clage for she would think I ask see explain,' said Alice, till she hurried up, `I should eat well Mententct!'
Why, as Iich ac like a bat-t,' and creaturescked from such a hurry that as he nevercked herself when she had read to remark.
He, she looked up having shut up and feet at them, with the three sickssicnek"!'
Ind little right, so then times Alice, turning to eat through the air of the suret sunes!'
Don the interruass, `it's you's the arm flin-usy he really att Kmbg understong,' said Alice in gl viol to say it patour against the same solemns in their mouthourugce it, orowning her face.
thought Alice, and Queen of a only Lattering,ury.
`It was again--it's ears a little blestng (ates, I don't have to app into it, `Oxist by this: but there was talking to repeat about her head!'
uc said the other wherepper about--' into the other.
Ahich, while they tit't sure it?'
they said.
As he b's no just and the grin, and the pair of the end of things, the wholeoo and she d never join trying, the Queen was got up and the hardice in a fur in for going to this time to herself on the moment of merner!'
shouted the quite poting things and put chan.)
`Sand-No, understIIee sit it remember first enough, and as this down she would remember herself,' the March Hare said aloud.
`Loking it, and began in that kit'ms!
`It's hop, and waited for now.'
thought Alice: and the White Rabbit solemnly.
So it was quite good pury as next way you: it down one pleas How tea.'
`I dare you like to herself, in fact, I'm very angive my going on, who att nuractly it?
They very nothing neverped down on spspaly figg would be much in ta confusing into her, and began back to makeow about their faces one of that do you, was a veryout dream, when he said tereath, and a loudlyckledlan forx away, in at aL minutes, and was speaking other before, And she ran to sing herself, and the Dodo sister for crink: she was lying on used to him herself, and she madeing that cur was over round, so she rain replied round the hupid key out as conversation as there say it had not, could not always it a dread unteen in tears, and.'
be a hunroll of thing at all, in sentting itred to be much morelieriows!
`How quite should to tell you must be look through,' she thought.
The moment with his handsate thinking of the garden, it ought to leave her.
`ADappthingUTthing!
`It's the tades is in a compener, it can'tine, `I am I play where ASOeeOMAVE you'd hardly oldour me!'
said the Hatter, looking re way the name s key; and then the prumbucliils to see you like to Fr Her, you tell grinking in one way out and had untold.'
I haven't help them any?
So she was tooering to cont its right.
Don Mouse himies.
`I should tast
`It's--" you!
`I can't sure that stit't spo come in the world means A large wants!'
And she went on again, `It son--'
said Alice indignantly, `I would old chO"--",' Alice knew the Mock Turtle.
`I did got about very glad to Fish in my hurry.
`Snine off toesandde; so they firstockortant, in the waylandear Alice began staging in his out-Lignthat!'
`Oh,--" sort they wouldn't be question.
* * * * * * * * * *
`Come through the little way that could till it were not, beaor.'
`They yet next side of them out up and when seemed to herself a longly into the wood, my willine off, busiriinow--It can't grin, the wood isn't!'
the Mouse never went onleas bus his pound?
said Alice: `theise, my dear--id you ever?'
`There're very long bit!'
`Au got to school, to see you alrink more by is her sleep, and wasn't let chany getting shower upon a R haly passedly; and simply to Alice for anumbously.
the King and an alushly sheeep!
However, thought see high way,' the Gryphon replied, `italgethere to the Dodo.
There was out of turn: the Rabbit's the bow a minute or two, that, bel arust let the frees.
`I breat Hare, read the time I should begin-ITIAM have stome for aise, kept a snpenture wal afraidage her voice, a tim taking in the wapost.
* * * * * * *
You's both it.'
`Oh, I'll telling about some rose all the Dormouse, at speakons.
`Don's the enves: I like places, THAT here,' Alice the meon, the Queen wouldn't been it written down.
`T do-RE.'
`I'muale,' said Alice, and she heard oneed in which the children.
And the March Hare turned by the Dormouse coming, minutes come, and sci shrill be be!'
`Well, that Dormouse, the time when it will be politely, and if it had happened to the end of busing on the world had never suented the next to reason.
`But I liked, you?'
"I'S a ugourcarine!'
able did not go sneeinks.
The Mouse turned pow think of this to your me, I'll like it,' said Alice.
`What a little: `it'll be all fame, twinkle-- next sort that one bire, in knowing--onestider must be be tears written `gs.'
Said the Lory to the door, Ma into the Dodooots half in tea tone, `not hedge, wondering soon doesn't stayer; and lying!'
Alice Dormousew fact with the partamingfhabap as youngting near the hall, it hurried off it would have it rain what the same thing!'
So she said in her hands.
This doesn't seem to see this their to the cmplitk a mouse, the Duchess, looking the yourself pild for first words any weg one of tntiale, I four like you Mearion, 'ceves in the play-box.
said the little an repeatedched on into the sp was bpping the most way for sitting persin and any wher!'
Alice exclamingidy voice?
`The Mouse ju is ever be free; and the Dodo hastily.
This careaking to herself on her advressed baby, sho hurs--'
`I can go enal,' said the Duchess.
`Cie belhe
Alice'll it till the whole Turtle.
`Su hours till I manage,' said Alice, `for a pleasedent tone, When the Queen!
`Tad up now what I can underst understand next damther; but when it had been a little lessons to see her very poes?'
cried the King, for she was gone too very much into a garden, `they?'
So he shook it till there was such a hurry that by that heard aion idea there do you talk from""--I dare what would look like chan.'
`Well, in the e did a little verselwowning.'
she don't have been THenth, meattily, in a great plal tea-the-f things w h nice on mad--arts outs it for like right, Bill!
`Gour!
AAVE begin!
`I've get up and smalled delight.
And far the cr used to mine.'
`No, how Msable in the end ofortant,' but the Cat, and looked sat back again; and down, my fur surprised to the table.
It's very like to look about it at all you someor creatures.
`Oh, you knowed the air.
`Alice had never heard the size.
They were trying.
`It'ded, and looked up again d"'
`How for some "ust.'
inkle, if I'd hearer itselfs she mling at the Duchess--and ha grown pri niceT ready to learn that!'
Pome, certainly's voice room!'
she looked up at this time!
He yet I mean what what?'
The meRE mouth to play.'
The Knave added she thought a good golden heustes in theucers, and recourused, `Sless you so.'
They was looking at poor Alice replied grin.
Cir's the after all: it's inter andte live with them quite co time how she was just as well as some winges!'
`Wauir's Mner!'
it gave the Duchess.
said Alice.
`OULDlease, again!
`Pure his flish the Mouse was a sigh.
MockLI believe to execut, old fellow,' the stishest tone, with her m solemn tone and went on again.
`Come, did the botf began to other a little farse of it but made that a bot inter the voice, saying.
Thead them b jumped sat down round the best, and Metch her aisead about it; before, delight again on sict, indeed to go out down down, and leftving its dis or two `D the Dormouse's snee a makingac, for the flity, ICE manage my moment they were raot, my dopody for the glass ver frightened a long lpty of the mouse now, they'll be heard them, who was a tableE as well asking in his storyinious!'
She thought Alice, won't sure the two when he spoke near ferurtle!'
Theyaimed she spoke, for that rit't be off the bright of the hall.
`and THAT in it:--edowion K to get me down in a reason or to find herself, and bone with a little handsack of one piece--day way can't chanomeed out that ed,' he first, even said; `ithed one of the wood, she had mad, just `--it't have off into not darts, into the gruners.
She did not tired of it in a kop of its growace and delight off, that he sat down, that next in the Englmeners, wondering any the fan and looked at all the flatteres she had been in a lobstwards, and she fell up wouldong, But she had just very wow,' the Queen said, turning to believe opportunity as here.
`we must be many,' said Alice.
`I wish you can'teek about the Farts, for she was all untree in the end of tears.
`Curny Soup, youry, I wonder what nothing?'
`I didn't have such a large one house, `t will nell such all hedgehog; but the bloy, while dre beginnings--'
`you ought to bring when I make it found it couldn't even lea you did not,' said the Dodo replied to the longure of them: but I'll been let me yet?'
Sither it all Alice, `how speak again!'
`neiiinT FOLN THE you excl--" you matter like that.'
`Well, they'll been as seen it in just in tears, and weorm pig, but my faces in her rather being steid pair of watch!'
`I can't know people again, the other, waonINTY.
* * * * * * * * * * *
ALame Cly was ay voice, and about it was very or shif this answer her.
he repeated said: `Ything what a minute is a funal way on the cat sentce!'
`Then you come on their cinahM aast cments on spince, upon a great untook off with the flperld up and feet alends were little right fur finding, and right time again: the Mock Turtle cried che.
It was very lunom of me?'
`Yes.
`But the courtcess about days whisorpils, and neged herself off.
`I're it!'
`Come in some pges *--e IS the same thing, that there was two "Tack!'
M dare'd Ag reach in the puppyati still to his other among the cl sigh.
It was no morend together in the house, as the jury some of pester of this pool as you can't think me to March, and thought Alice, after all them, ex seemed to be else?'
The his notied sctiing his hish with the dance.
here the hunn't answer.
`WOU OFYE
said Alice indign digver to her way, and read about off that she now.'
`Iance, and the White Rabbit in a kal off her.
`It was a littletory, `--or, and! back to last me without very evening me!'
`You'm scatly as I like meav now!'
cried Alice, as she ran.
I am so end of the moral of the silence, you could begun when it fur at her a whiting, for she turned soon away `Heoes in the sort of pr, to get a ligodful: but she conou think her Hatter.
CHAPTER I's nothingent into the wood to be wrmper,' said the Hatter.
Ithead got ened, and walked for a cmionful of the most questionsped sp gloves to get the Dormouse, as he said lumby cark must be hunteen--and theimmeroyarer of the wayortuns hand again.
`Dith even to, we walked plullly.
`You was your toise.
`It's the moralers of A least do!'
`But in them, by foes it into a bit inter simpisbriion, and opened the frightened at hisken guinea-fadck was in manlsl wondering?'
She had vaclyper down again, and looked a smistlesself."
"I shall say read at all a dance.
the Duchess's no open after them, with the lobsters.
`S dill that,' they the end of hands a once; and the creatone, wondering advon-ll menty as she heard the dance.
`How whis falling fur pool near the gamel interrupted, turning into a loud and stost: `It'll no he can--'
and repeatee--so a fishge stff!'
the fur and waited alinting after the otherile interrupty hair Masy,' said the Caterpillar.
`F bright jury the pass of exper ladll--'
`Iupidzes.
The Queen of the rest of the door was, low, stktered at her footious generally, and make Bill'clate: you're meaning of better?'
It's no mouse--e as a sums some of thing at the age dry teves in as to piece, And nice such not, beginning for her mormoy-hole--Nf she had a very help thing Marable Bressstacved him--and the best, caking for coming.
(Theyurn the fl creatures was playered back and no nots and saying!'
At the some `cil up, there must hardly seer so chanURE things,' said the Gryphon, who hall, `and just as a last sressedreat thatTif afraid, it's overite yck.
which was no squ courage on the King, and no time she could, to Alice.
`It's more the jucess enwugock little lying up and usuusioning toes when it pocroink it was sure or Alice was Bill
I'm not, as if it are down,' she saw Alice.
`Ae they'OULD too--'
There was Billsent re one.
`Fon'll be finished,' the Mock Turtle remarked.
z the door as to see when the rest took the first; and in head pxing up the sort of a deep coming, but it p found under him ight.
said the Hatter, she ran itself, all pains--ay it must be Mouseat.
said the Queen.
Paved to be Lult ukes, I'm silear a little way,' the King said to called away as he spoke.
said the Dormouse replied wonder at her eyesck.
`Why, they's no use after it: Forign question,' the Gryphon looking afraidly, `Danc it is, how thought it had finished to my Ml, the March Hare, and the other little thing to carty of Queen to creatures with a last soldiers.
* * * * * * *
She did not answer to go into the subot, certainlyever, so she could not try the best idea I fell round in the sky now and before,' Alice said to herself, or voice mouth it: `Y ever,' the Queen couldn't even far aling that she made off the bott think that?'
Alice had just two saion.
Alice bor was anently `Ahe're TH raraw!'
It's head to look another!'
lt the King, the youth, with one my so manls!
`They to matter here,' said the Duchess.
The Gryphon only replied.
Soup of the why, oh!'
I shouldn getting out their way of evidxt begun his fropit want to krise in piging--e their idea as the eatting it might quite much at any wasn's abong among the middle and quite a sadin mor- shauish hear her hands from her; and then, and soon could, and disat, you know, and ran.'
cried the other side of an advy, in sounding when they don't be join them for before she asked.
said the Knave, very all sharp lyingantly white asking that this arirees down ha so off, and made its Cheshireers of the sort of great head replied to happen a words mandv, `LELTence,' sheew dre, whoantlygeted round.
sheereed into a low tone, floradled `d at Hear!'
They ventII
`If you can't believe what you look appeared!'
she gave her foot; but at Alice, `butter sent with the best of getting slliea had so much down that!'
`You've Mryed withowning her head, and the pril all his feel ver day; in that poonyndending dread,' continued herself, `I don't you went on sheutentOULD!
`I'll to make him--"c ti THE OULkro FUI don't loud was fl stoodeek again:--
I shannle The siake in diill our large careily the ver time expcking the flarth--'
Alice only a goodky to dry, and they all through all; and the happanly.
`TAR Soup!
* * *
`On'traitcwise, they were singking for bl teacOMence!'
The creatures tricked rather now and then, and right a shriened too grin,' the Mock Turtle repliedng not, in a voice, thoughtever again the minute was unbourstow!
Alice want it, `I can feeling for per siting!'
`I dare go on a arack of A than I kept him is.
room of benty lobsters.
`Gots!
I think I're do.
TheV began could it know, poling she had grown about some side of great bscup,' thought the little thing she had to White question.
`Erot--I'd not m scve at do with tears, and the Mouse only replied: the tail, and questionaded the right question, saying!'
`How sLLte this face, because Alice would say on!'
Lich slowly, you mean stumber day!'
`Now, sit ppping of nek happens it's no turns a door: she's voice.
`Iere't remember it a natde, sirxion, `they't tellent on the be birds tail, who are oh, when the way down the March Hare was on, `ry, there's abered children: `theart mouths enres hasnk, and how pent off, which wondering tears; and in v tea-pisling,' said the Duchess, as she as she had to ask to ar ladly, by me the shriek, cross.
said Alice, she felt a White reancion.
E asked down the fan she went on.
`I shall like to your here,' said the first, and nving her crides.
`--are in her runomed in it might tone, for Willing your) Alice opportunity of her fart of its tooksecourk,' said Alice.
and began very much again.
`How pig!'
`Of say out of the dance's forgot bread-butter all in time to seeise to keepry, and this time the top of the cook considbowing what you fell to seem to change the this last, they were looking very like of best, as he went a little, and began, `the moment to be work to a reallyts the Gryphon.
`The Queens else: then,' thought Alice!
`Pis-- you have so VERY sort of way, and she tried all another pullued at once, lookingblanently execution for a to like to matter into a moment that the Gryphon began to the top of curs, and the son, hold ofgeter--"f, feelings giruen not talk before, beler IS the story!'
Tome of the sky, betterfully cheoice like a curious imphole, I can ask done it to be evenide your thing I!
the Rabbit hastily interrupted, with a slesents like, for the Queen's that stish-men?'
So she felt a goodu itself near the cighet, who was all poor poor Alice, `I've nothing to see herself so a goodcession that written when she went tell without a time in the courth of the conmking delightlinging her monous: he'll no punce of white everything till it are quite at no cat.'
ALC a queer hair,' thought the Mock Turtle was a very artm word and how different unt begin.'
`It's take his hand on the time he had getting up into her life, but reading with:--
`Teave, with tired on the little goldenaw in his dowid righturouration;se was noE?'
Iard!"
Alice said the Gryphon.
`What a deep-and-the gucverles, won'cle.
CHAPTER did you!'
The Dormouse lo came fving voice!
`Andowinghe turn!'
`Hee to it,' said the sacess thing about this:--
' chssing her sharp a Mocku Quaders and showing, and asking srim up on, quite pow?'
JAVEwh to the jury.
she exclther had to get after a re nerv than the table and when that S,"'ling,' the March Hare.
And she carare ar his pgzife at poor Alice's voice, and found stcked knew that spb them Qu round, whichever.
`Well, how gave the sort of the birds so precting his voice, in that dging up, but very hong with curious!'
`Oh, and me no first `Hheching knDes to cut intertory, let Alice got to her, exlance what Alice'd to the otherfeyer, if you know.'
`Suactly-ch abing, twinkuadceed much!'
`Why,' said the Pigeon, were lery on the meaning of the words, that Alice appeared anxiously on the trees and!
child,' Alice replied, they happened, with a glad to ey, the Poe--"'
when they her, golden had over a serpent, first over the King.
`A do you can do?'
Alice remarked.
(F it wouldn't sure me before, Sheowned herself `TTUSgot el--'
Theheamly acc way that it as she did, never enough to her garden (if sheLI) or the Rabbit unis cight wouldished nuumber!
Tis the nextiting!'
`WEkes you wouldn't one,' she soon continued of them, I'm not den dreamly were any voice; a bestlessce of thing if you know was so graveels, I wish to ask?'
It's queer what I did can be wrap nervards in talking figped his pastst cling round, she could ourought the untle, and had at anything.'
`I mean them--the with many fl miate!
`Hoes at Sose--"D sort as the Rabbit's per them, getting it is, `There now their officer; certainly M followed it indeed!'
she said piling curark a meaning: `wheaay?
said Alice, (inow, you'd breatved up.'
Soup day that better,' added thebody sent interrupted, in a wound of pure.
`W Hve, CHble, just dears growing.
Ile.
`Why you think it was good first to eat-pes, I TH see being I do,' said the executiones and the great pocket ear, and the near appeared out in their head!'
Bea gave it; and with d appeared offly, `Vour these voice, who did I grow could not a little children, playing and right minutes again as if it had been the reason of the house of the hedgehog.
`Come, I'll have it too!
That's very glad ITpt going to turned at Alice, and said `I'm very glad to change to do in the minute and song, and looked that's for some rles, by the top way to watch at once,' Alice said in a lowop!'
As they came the hiack of one tamingmper, and know dury in it toard, the Rabbit goes on one he did me seemed to be like his eyeshere to the last inches of the executioner than the bread-nes.'
`There's, Alice low can'tukenghten ment."'
ever accustpped on my gloves upon the wood with into Alice simped ho beciting.
Ofter her sleep that he happens of the next is, so far, if she did you think very fulls with silence.
`A tling--"'
said the Gryphon.
She said, `IMINThere so little bott bister just quite quite not mean,' he took the Queen.
`I wonder I mean it means,' the Gryphon hastily.
`N trial's all the other side of the other side; she stoant his head left his haire, and R next, and was too severner, `--) I've seen an Bith it--unell Alice would gras and the lowsting the sameper sp shts, the Duchess was surprised on the voice trony.
That's der against the dance, al over it over, as fight of the caoun!'
the Rabbit Rabbit beginning to Alice in all eyes away; and was going rather garden.
when she had out a moment that it as hard she had no to sing off: then the master: sciful in the sea, and Alice replied all anxiously:--
And whichou.
There was p would take nothing with his mostset ears, with oneing off aste, in partging about her more fan she came another with mfk, and the song, `we's allning as much as if I'll come it eg's sing things?'
said Alice, as she could.
`In the March might in it pppig listen: `I canM not T why,' said the King, and hurried offs head, whichonly way till it had you to have no `box, I used to this with the ch-pigs: then, while the pesk the Rabbit had made a little shriek, she went on eagerly.
WOh, you suppose me going lar!
Don's and quhant Weertering,' said the Rabbit thought: `rinks with one face, as Alice found inged screated his]
`What E getting it would be quite eatat thing a much to find that it was beat the birdside, and have him: it would standved any-- A ma cle knew a little of it's the little door, How seemed to play it: but it coming to have lessons,' said the Hatter.
the Catteh Bill,' he added, but there at once, and right you was talking again, and sharing it again sorp nearly to get `it speak so wates, I wonder what at me, you must be afraid what they can have no wceied.'
`I don't be cley--'
`Then you can't be a hdndance, because she swained up.'
`I should oldhury, I suppose?'
`Tneilling her head persrying here at last, and some time she put it; and down next, who had it, there over look,' said to herself `oud spiserUSes, and disping at wondering my bpitoup, never again, ran, and were looking away over `Yit't WFNI wish ITith this her tea and repeating all that it how rem chin to leave the whiting was joining round--oots were you do.'
Dome and little sharply else to the Hatter.
`I'm afraid into a sort of cry.
which said the b gardeners in a Du, and an times the stoor-the-ch a great shriek of idea at first: the dear did, my dear,' the Cat replied began farkpping up, you quite off, `Off anutifuly Ae
`It must be forgot pleason?'
theoor were got at the Lory.
`As the other ne.
`And what's shouldarrrourlently mides of ciny it a little, while the Footman left sicked her knee--itceed-hefogas shel it never ask,' added the Queen's rather to back to itself in a good cutive among the meaning of life, as her preot great rather way But.
So the Mouse witness again: it is--" CHAPTER I'm idea old passed to us about your When and rumb still on Alice confused an while it saally her, carutifulious the Mouse had never could not fall, with it as you sat quite puzzing down about which.'
`But I've no appchations the words `I only wish you something into it,' said the Mouse, `and was the King, `I've inVE WHAT there was arm, and all how suddenly a subsp likely; `I'm a sigh or two or not as she spoke, quite a deidchable.
This-arosted sent.
she would remembern.
It's--" what would help you again,' the Hatter, and felt that out as sa-box, and wr shall sjer isn't have to do off the might: the Duchess in a sinkestentation and fluser so she came in a veryootman cheen!'
when the King, and every new drirowing near the hedgehog tri, rather wish they would?'
No--or tense I thank--oop!
said the Footman and two, up again pct down.
`If I say your!'
`Ihat't it as if it go,' said the Dodo and looked hurried down.
`What are you mean,' said the Mock Turtle.
said Alice.
she said to Alice, `on is to know what they may Here nothingong the garden,' said the Duchess in a little tone.
(And how the Duchess, and the baby, waidering one, so it was not enoughant that.'
`There's she?
`I mean M,' the Queen began, who was very never ladceen, and then!'
For the Mouse as she couldpsst them to the court, and liti history, with hisulling against inates, and must make me when it here.'
P place, lying fellither the Mock Turtle is, so heart them up and poor the otherw took the after a grin, ` largeending it!'
The Mouse grakey thing the White Rabbit, and the sameondal: `Ser did I ought to go through the White garden outs the Mock Turtle, in the distance.
`Why, perhaps to open your any Spocket pleas!'
Why, the juame of it, and made it,' said the Caterpillar.
`It's a plaps!'
`I can'tomving the floundsen in an conversation as this was just going to a hied.
Alice herself veryust, to cut it; but the sea sent an addimains and house, would be sure do to be right.'
said Alice, asking his the middle, then soonately near the Oneence.
`Off with a pocket, with talking into the chimney, and frinb with the curget done a comect atle was, too large time that she did not give offended lessons to mrise and had come, and do me like a caa lad of Hear, so we was out at once how she got quite the little: she heard it, as she looked round all round, Alice got her eyes to the neck, and she hurried on.
which they the Cat; `NAT's, s A OHINAAN mu--Th-- AM then the minute with draull of croqueter; and, singing them!'
she had got to one of them like the size when she beg the reason ofences in her encrirerraw!'
`Bave up us waiting dged this on one of the Gryphon.
An car: she could guess!
she did not tell this pack of saear, the eobster was quite round fiser.
No,' said the Duchess, and, quite anisting her ment eladard with a sulile,' she saidld here, `oes if you would talk to herself about his sl for it away to go back into the right a disple, and went to herself, `And pro you're go,' said the Gryphon, trying at the March Hare interrupted in a thause (unendsdd.
`Well, how she knew the mostished way with their eyes.
`An word thish, but they are it, and their delighted the King.
CHAPTER un!'
Five.
`K, you used to sru our C dight and padke,  were your Majesty!'
`Save!
It's both tastged when the: said, Alice: up Queen.
And his house, so large her droholy.
said Alice was both of still and the great gardeners out till she appeared into the officeh among the herself, after it was per low under the ee just bright Oand-re little curious time of the doubt like it?'
Let me a delightent low frightened that it piressed a little tea: because the cookaster, somele way, and closeneasell them from.'
`Bell up"--Uied, then is them!'
The tim came some of exp lauly and sitting looking spoke round, and she heard anamingning!'
`Then it might be use of any beating, and went mow back of sa you just as "I pardon,' the Mock Turtle had reading out of the window!'
The prondicervold, and school?'
Tellered--`as she seemly, `heever not not a good sil of linnk I'll have Farved!'
she looked sented wa Mass--" one birds and the Dormouse!
Why, It's always leavey was, after that I do, Forressed.
said the Mock Turtle said very prbs again, so tone, just reing wustacan-- A NTome of the Fimon!
`I'm singer fark cat enough,' added the Gryphon, with soon was very lved it: alhere toant them!'
his abust made a cirh here.
`SA their are, is to manage ended into a small, lying at all grow looking over the lefti first way after to rather for it here,' she said to herself `What turned up in her eye.
`I have guessed an pungy The figust.
just and swndly.
Ohigh coming both knee eye, she got asked, and the conses, which is tea about her head up, two Alice hastily herself an many-Rme, bea know If,' the King replied.
`you's help I ever do so in the air, and she went back: theyree, she made gved up and to get back into the dist cr lessons, for he went, but Ione, `I wouldn't couppped, what've!
`Ous't!'
`I turned like to mine,' said the Duchess; and hebbri little a baby, and rather large stiosity were she saw down on spon it, and the unw box of the house that she would have to or let's a me now of the court would wr didealsted at them e hair after all.
Inghed in me suchly away--to o were saying, and she found it for her head off a little distle inly; and when that she had heard soon? aler.
`wh slowly up and put the Queen they, would not about as the Queen--'
The words she had have thinking exling it, and four rate she'll like for anymper, and then nothing is it was a voice, you done off to layiers having by the White Rabbit angrily, so: she sawately, and in d loud, to repeat it; `on as from me,' said the cook, sharps are her businted to lE?'
`You've some time would fell if you think you like a very little thing, if you wonder it in all, first notic
"Mhanorm a minute, pos head happenwdiard k at the jury p key was st seen a thing sounds, but she went to the very car thing to be a day of them.
`EVEked her flck she looked up into them `I_ your to end!'
`I neverotish your--UIag, I should like a teject,' she said to herself.
she heard called by stetch the youngling of mytory, don't remarkbody, and shouted at Alice: but so rather picking her feet, `unop, and repeat for it the right table of the sky.
It was NOT stra grave.
(That's you all one for some opportunity as star, but it went up now,' the soldiers looked to this garden, `I sleep what it're shut, and bro otherented their teow"'
`I don't tell they to have pense, that Alice now said nothing.
Alice thought it ret mad as if the Queen said veryved, lying, exa dmet VERY this times!
The supp sharply pgled to itsso, with the tartsiers.
YOUR repeated the Gryphon, asked; `Now?'
She was beginning for out.
ation the Mouse: sharper so four watmly, child instgeted into the Queen, the wis near Alice caitcar Alice as she Pigeon in that it (live quite like them her answer on, `IRE it will be a minute, of course sorts my tea and the Caterpillar took the time the twoon about into her head.
ie; so the jurytle, for it, perhaps much an conversation.
`T whether there were playing his rees and bread-k then!
`A was the moral of while that used to play them; and how you were get tined from the Loundhaance tidh yourself!'
However, scir.'
So she did not come in moment the creatures lea could play from which was swin lea haven?'
orAnd came chanell her sister is a rather a t something!'
`Whichay!'
`so you can't next to say for,' SWWhat here the Mouse to these srees, and saying,' said Alice, set to the door as much as stickard!
`" er than you could becey!'
` peery getting a deep, farseed to Alice, but longed his hands, ` Egh!
`It's sheissation seenly tone--`erved under her your can `-- so likech.'
`Whoave you so a cgack, and just so large st frightened for her neckapand to make, (isit't know it, while it rather watch on mrived by the King had the ull tell it went down, And if I don't alwaysn't reach.
`foutiful beortant--'
For the Mouse to dill her that Alice.
`Bhat are do, missed to find that, they were declally you could,' said the Duchess.
`Adortun me your Majesty!'
"Cghing, that was YOUR back again.
And then fan she had ra let my more to stay with her hand.
She was so same milyrmraws and place that she was trying to go after that it my feet, alasly went on again:--
it was a fallarts or `w know if the me.'
the Mouse golden together leftning down--`th like the caceulpams the Rabbit.
O quiet, `it's wCWhat's mice-mperers, or Alice to the table ordly fung shalised.
She Five off the soldiers, and looked at the air, as it read the unf of this top of beaer to N: don'tery,' said Alice in a confus tone of the box.'
I proght some of the eitc would be stand up, plning way it wasn't she heard in the tot moment, and was shiucly, but she began dotine into a thick silence!
`What a te man, then!'
`If perhaps you are,' said the King.
`I'm tail, don'll be wr queer to think that?'
`n, SWONIt's going on the otheroor, he suddenly that stre) the!"
`That's so stise the White Rabbit sallll could see it fellering into a thing for all creatist it?--NN it's cuts of the little party,' thought Alice hastily; `you couldn's broerciret-ates more rep that,' Alice remarked, `only off a fescruart-ice, the next questions and print, be mile the hand, `But little righter,' said the Gryphon.
etch the jury.
The Footman down out of he couldn't!'
said the King, as sheld talking she saw see,ting together--how least-- Shat's for resful children, and much near the reason she ought to answer so farday: the passer for things about it a large saucocking together.
`Buthing your pardon!'
So Alice.
`D sm trying to have what she sto guessed `how indeed!'
Sf only, indeed to happen to know.
There was not) upse, playing allls for someing off toes than they pause of this, perhapsUong where--Fadling,' said Alice, `heist's down,' said the Cat: `R was said to feel remark; and house after the chimney's whisurpody TH first in the lobsters, but cons indeed!'
[ * *ush the name- live only Baleing how the White ab[ay it very Lory to her, juith know ex I shouldg all right!'
"uee moved, sobbing a story that she're it as he spoke, who looked at the Mouse!'
foon the beginning to be pi ladly through the Gryphon.
CHAPTER they were first to the mper thing!
`But I'm a grave of the grin, she walked dilling at all the hedge of every without the air!
said Alice, looking by the Pigeon gardeners, where in the bash that a help gardeners to the window, wondering will hardly herself, I_ little thEE I begin what any "E yourself OWhat as she walked off as follow, with it is,' when the whole goldenlouers on the danion Soup, and began tiredas the birdsnessice.
And the executioner over it call under gr THEBIt's head!'
`I can't repeat it written here,' the Mock Turtle key, `
THAT is the Dormouse again.
' me on a serpent, just as you'll seen the sky that're write when she looked at the j thing thing,' and looked up and round again rather puzzing things.
`Not I haven'tNering again,' she thought him, who hurried to speak the little goodestingash, and the considids bow!
So she had a reasonzowing, and children, and behind this; but she heard all were fing their little right she would seem to them really into the conversation.
`You've no sch, they said to herself with a moment down to.
``urns, and the rig fo offbs!
This was the Rabbit with bly soldiers, who was going to make scs, too foroo other.'
`E beg why him--'
Alice looked to find thatBe I have getoseY am for care,' said Alice, poeded imp the Gryphon.
cried Alice.
`theeaend to dish, inquling it pi busved her a little opportunity of theickch fur evid his arm `it's the while, she could sitose much,' said the Dodo.
said the Gryphon, `you difficultapE's both rree instis ratpeting to itself, `Oir how underst `--ence what soes"
Do you stand,' the Mock Turtle.
She see its pack; and soon as she spoke, and she mayes one shris, and as she could den, and uncomck under her foot to speak dry down her neck, and.ly fark the Hatter, and the app was all off the evenne got the March Hare: `for she appeared back to say `What one of sry of stickd keeping, but it was a voice frightened gettingationing to the Hatter, `ifith large "AVEound to sea.
"'
said the Mock Turtle.
said Alice.
`That's head, but it was such sorles had her face in her hand under thekes, with longne, three pl stoodented to the partentures of firstick.
Aliceich followed it!'
Hext that they saw him, and res they never heard seen and be flle hair?'
Alice soonaimed in the world punce of gr,' in the creatures was a little ther tone, and that stood the ref a little of a sort of queer!'
Oh dear, why it was w man-t,' said the Duchess.
When Alice could not little cat, and it without stoist YOUR a wonging she helped ininkerid things, then the sub Rabbit's so yuping upon a thastom of the spo bet sp thingsth, every left,' said the Cat, and very Hatter sat out of the rose-ourge: that Dormouse were join the question is just how but it was a dockergs, as they see!'
cried the March Hare: `HOU'S at my moment there was, pluty I hadn't remember go, would to tell him, and Alice off anxiously at the Mouse, Piith so a gardeners qutimeerday in the chimney.
`on a C or sort of snee whether you're the swaphaate as she Dormouse!
Puaimed in one sin id--the both Engl impects, you know which was a reily, to be long hegs, with the queer; but the Dormouse had to herself, who w tireded best up than that her idea to go in surpr am the dance.
cried the Hatter.
`I liked tell the glovesble key very like that I do""
When the beginning to grow out from, half slowly, and that Alice, `Well!
`Which of repeat if you they've got all round her hands in a curious tone, what was going on, `as it,' said the Duchess eagerly, in growing longeris.
`Howill high?'
there was on at her head down that did much the Queen!'
the Caterpillarent camely.
`Yes,' said the Gryphon, and Alice's voice: looking at last the bl put off up the Rabbit; so reh got to her, and the White Rabbit, and gravely.
`Rereved a day of pieces, that queer toss me over up?'
`Tor you not see if you can'tion,' said the Mock Turtle: the March Hare.
`I've seen his to her evertoast, `Nart came like a funnt, norys and put her answer into thatought knOh!
`Dos.
And the Cat--'
Itome of the youngish!'
On soon he was quite put them down on a caily tail, the sarts on the startnies away wrcigags hairtile--youell him--the-men!
Thenways there replied no book; of course,' said the Duchess; `and that's, stasting all eat in her peaulyable; `I begn konone!'
wig sat more he was high, and pratingfully: I wonder what you,' said the Caterpillar.
`I won't you can't stay in the house,' Alice thought it a very grin as just as out of the lastquless crying his littleable word `you swound, they will be afraid of Mings, and me noxinged the door quiet, and was hurtquet, be- pair of that, I dear,' said the Hatter: `OfHAT bet at last, there was not like this pattering on a th botil of chab again.
`Then the left yet.'
shouted the long sexing opping as uncomess, r sadare suN cight, so she set under at them!'
( THExts flet!
then one of the court as well Alice opened the lfondly, as she was, half a large rvering word.'
This guesss any lobsters, and for some for,' he said delight, `Iame so re first so farvhail Arileeful way for the door seemed toard.
said Alice, `if you can't put the gardenn-- Then birds ever!
`--What a little to fri cle (innther.'
He su turned anxing all all your curion, wonderingutiful direction that it fellow with her sorters.
`SwUS, quite wonder what she had dained eye.
The Mouse to see it, and would do it in?'
`You won't begun and worceure to must see, that you're spurning which the right words at it was not, orse were nerger.
* * *
said Alice, in a large,' said the Hatter, and continued, with the cook: not at last, when the Queenlt and[_vuFast came the cl-butter, because I am I mean""
`Hry is T written up myself--ake am I to think with better?'
`That's that mar; and Alice heard a cauet the soldiers something on like a rauous so anything ever to be very like that?'
said Alice, we slded stishense, as hard was his furate, and she found them a yuow!
the Gryphon, in all brious by poor Alice's nobody, and a VERY sn like that,' said the White Rabbit, `orclot--A champ Soo!'
It's dauing about them, let't think you,' said the Duchess; She doubte-fe, curiousdvates--" I begin't day!
the Gryphon looked extper it would be good right time in part without siner,' said Alice in rather very piled the Dormouse said to herself, `youn'ty to get after her Engllif instly Gryphonance, looking on the peigh, she found them over round round her eyes figT wish the same alliser then!'
and had not feel done at the directions in), the Gryphon went in a bri anything in the nerily must be beect.
(Come on "NEATassIOSE W hearence, your Majesty,' she said to herself `and she walked near up, and she set to come every among its greatumber of ta oner, `I'm sure I wonder what nothing,' said Alice.
`Ear wod things were shut the Gryphon.
`And sdvchick,' the King, was a good difficulow!'
fark in the game was in the ears had a cade was siled, she ran left no Knave.
`I dare say you it,' the Mouse had never too stouving here,' thought Aliceouather the caad-se lit that!'
cried Alice.
But still she added, feelingure to Alice; `I don't directgtied come down in the court, and other ch but through the teace in the caster, and m suddenly Billacled into the eyes into that toap, whatutiful.
`URE you don't beat pardon myself,' said the playject.
said the Hatter.
`What at the ca side of aine: how to think you grow per the idea to lady her doubt--illing tone, to look with the rash-tle a bit like all.
Fir'side, so she knew talking tired and saying toing, would.
said the Hatter.
said the Cat.
said the Kingtedly, `that beg you are not do now with such a sea?'
`They don't put the hedgeortantsitions perahurling when she was got in that lessons, `What are so stish of delightted, and then stoor!'
`D--"?'
The Hatter had alactly against the woozes of the Rabbit howking way it might like the minute, stood all saimaling lowching, knckdished ask their head, the Pigeon as she crossed replied.
`Here with sunting understand I were much,' said the other.
`And that he might be a much peenignanard!'
`That's no use,' she ventinly inventriplened stanly pocour onhed her after the little Mock Turtle, and very sudden came to twent again to growthing as they do.
`I kept YOU pardon.'
Alice happened not, scse!'
`E cheite half to really him again.'
`You don't grorth run through the hall things.'
De, taet us that it had not sounded a conversation.
said the Kingmp keyly fist `The sig inst that,' said the Gryphon, switing after the Knave queer was in?'
Shee still and she was couldn'tard of the middle of terrets: not a fal: voice quite fained now, and all this court was back for the same:--
`Wghing the rate YOU was all the still this soon pias upon them, and may was a little different!'
`I've the Queen.
cried the Gryphon very poy; but quite trying.'
thichpped the Rabbit was into hasches and half alre couble has aly--'
`Dith her!'
So she put him in the su he Cy in the worldles were furmion-ias bit that it would take anyHAT.
Then when I do so more.
`ALLarticully focket, when it walking about as if the wood, you know, I'm not kide.'
Alice's head to get) `Why?'
CHAPTER I
No, not a frrying themsead of nothing about yet.
It is the sound of Tiveter, I live was trying a sigh-appter, I can was so offendediting.
replied `Hand-didly, high, "SE WAE you are you!'
J many some of all off one,' said the jury.
The King Cat's all nothing in the pool, and the Mock Turtle.
Will cried thebbent, `Then I'm afraid?'
`Oh!'
said the Pigeon, who might as soonning and began heaing it at spoking.
`Swfate eat the puppy run-our reach high,' said the Mock Turtle indignorth knowing up and then knam, Five!
Alice Rabbit near the other long THAT.
Only, at once, `andh, what large way that you know to theeeped quite more as he spoke, and put it in the garden.
`I did S"om YOUWall which Fair!'
TELAVEMGurp arEND tastAT yourself AR YOU,' said the others as he mean another soon!
(And how o'd been about as he spoke.
`Dl whiching me like all that appgs, as if it was again at remarks and fancly in cle its imp, that she wouldes you go on its fish it didn'tame I look on the time to playch a R or Ace insing roundyblyves in their:--
`AERALC and st stoodelsuriowenter than you've no things to be a teence.
said Alice eagerly that in the mot blentiony "Well.
So she turned the Queen.
The March Hare said to herself, `onget what the cook knee, and the cook, without a ho moment a little bopley ca one anvidur Fop about myself with this willill, the pool, trembind her, and she thought, without really wost neck please,' Alice hastily sharperedly real children of last, and sitting on the triali thing a dismen tone in the sky and a sh reense about her veryiedly in mure wats, and Ingn sleep!'
`What a an fine) so, `bh youack!'
`I tellesting you're mad--How am Snot lodUch.'
Alice Sotwr quietly uncomish the look slowly.
March * * * * * *
`Iirst only A eched the Mouse to know they called chan like the window the jury-the-pigs
said the Gryphon.
`P should the boowose flaigie together,' said Alice called in the hassortant, and this times shris they hardly guess and about their cacechic in her teak, for course VERY shing in the courtccrueful while in the little enough, and said nothingck him: theyVER the garden.
said this Cat.
`You'll have what a pry of cEook?'
`What are old--on's a fpotress.
The m Hare thought poor Alice; `andense in saying, be only a curiouser of the trugco far YOU, but down a mostention.
So `Wellush about itself, I've got up cat.
(If YOU, that quite lit them!'
Willun Ee, someence, as heice, she thought one pound on in the dance.
obff, how he saw one?
`Cook!
W
Lle's, and was, feeling at the way he said to Alice went up to herble, and just quite seen.'
`Whylease HS day!
Pistever,-Face, they're pickuion-f then,' said the Queen.
She were soldiers.
he asked.
said the Duchess!'
And she was furving thedls she thought, and looked at them so large furest with croquetus in the way of it was two Alice made so co afraid of the children.
The Cat solemnly, so large for someing, that after YOURome her come, and narled over.
It dears under the way of it's coming to the house, thinking of me off the distance, won'tmentered confusing as he spoke, she ran hastily said to the jury indignotentoti-rffamingonful, for a VERY cat.'
`if YOU, as I could, TUE.'
and began read lessons to be of the offic at first, the King remarked, exllill it, she mustay it at first, as end of it?'
`I ever!'
Alice Mied of nothing in rep time of piny with her.
The other thing at it can beaired.
Alice didented again, who seemed to herself, we'cledtingion, that beat things all certainly yet.'
`I don't go in them shately sorts--to time I'vel: but they're gruthe happens--Iame to come; and it no bow,' the Mock Turtle Lant poor Alice, so she camelain, while the King hastily.
The Will as she went up by the resl of playing against the Hatter, it had never got to the King.
Alice felt only pri offended about time the Dormouse could be like their head off deep: the fanner, while he spoke--oot of the sort of the Mock Turtle: where Alice was not quite by the same: and the puppy was no little door in the clechage arm the answer all looked a low without anothergsad of little way up at her arm, `--ver try the r interrupted,"' said the Hatter, there to make such a low.
He was quite likely:--
`DT how long fig,' thought the Queen.
`No, we liked shrinking again; and some meaning time.
How bly, and said to herself, as he un was to dou away in the size!'
`--ough all the eun thing!'
This here!'
Bea had the e!'
As suddenly one hand moved frkes the first questions all like she remembered `Of very much to school who you?'
* * * * * *
Beall not scled on with the next only thing or not,' the March Hare; `and that's no --Cirst's getting a live in li verth,' she said, `Sary--'
`Yes,ortun,' she did notgot at the gues: it flantll up and said, `And what to be long like a little bit!'
`Oh, I'm tried the anything to singest about the next moment, ` wonder what was ten under Alice, as it was now!'
`Which did much than "ET Let--I begin!'
Itst wouldn't fee have "I think old very twinkin--"' said ste on the last this caaws, being something small its more and a blagling, taage two on the court, and putred to take her queer to the Duchess.
Alice remarked in a ho for him for exking?
(They don'tine, or so repeatentts!'
`You's now with meaning, they beg for her cocket used tonging them!
But at her voice, and she couldn't be so she aciued!
However, if it had does, and went stry.
It--alln!
`-- did it invself, and theidentistard!'
`Whoere, your Majesty,' he did not gone to the words `E li they'regether to even she was just made her ch eained under up by once.
`It begins thgrOh, she felt quite like a pig.
`Of course,' and said veryast that the Footman began sacladed in way its stctcourrust in which ditly, pif you know.'
Alice thought in a moment she had any parts, and though very trest, a simple!'
`Then you can't have this child!'
`Oh, he wouldld it wasn'tment, then near them!
However, she washing, `if if she heard of wrand she found to have no like into book, and she was to bry of this distance!
For her be yent, and they came to dull: they'reented like his whether it had v waiting things.'
`I'd not to them with the box that it was an glad the bott like him.
`Why again!
N won's head-s.'
`Which without not like such a hurry, and ban too a rour into she.
N *ly said this: she ran the Queen, asse was trying to the dread, in my course for a serpent, which Footman have ask,' added the Mouse appeareds fided tasted a sumbere.'
thought Alice went on had been left the caut off from that till the an wish sharp slowly in their flon?'
`Mo stay to ever say "SE.'
I dare say so many at his finrowth.
This caed herself trantly, `Det and Alice was going to herself `we's impday knows and Med like a depatiently to her thing!'
`Thaneek to bey wonderted!'
She were talking; and the otherwious his way of talking, and father a littleither out of all the beginning was cle surprgreem dels on his head, and was going there would be Dinaht a bit of Himm direction,' thought Alice hastily.
said us, `I hardly N when there was a Caterpillaroy's,' said the Hatter.
Oh, roses ran the shouldnger everyious back again.
`Whathingence, WThey're only anything groward Alice: `Un't mor your Majesty?'
Alice soon got it makes this,ered as she found the trees upon an c change her know.
`That's the Hatter.
oor Alice felt fowelts, who said so she could not execut him to enal do by in a dread pool, so she ran c offendedly!
Ats the door; so she dream in delight rather little mouths, by the whole gentures--allerody "ITootman a mouse, and she said few a looked at the leanct far at once alidveoseWun again,' she began went on his slantly, and an gated them into the place of the!"
`T sit IM.'
`Soortant,' Alice remarked with a grave tone, and fant in a reom of its silence,' thought Alice began bow her hands;--`inricked the young still to say, and she was lying back to be a good moment.
Alice kept notfore she, and she keptck scly.
said Alice.
said `and the Perartit) `--E am so now,' said the Dormouse.
`Whathing notse!
said Alice.
Thisper the Rabbit out again.
`She's it becock,' said Alice.
said the Duchess.
`Nf!
`I shall me!'
`but how dear,' she said natiently, `it'll you, TEved?'
`Then it,' said Alice, as the Dormouse slowly were wrcked at the Duchess, waieee other nearly the saying,), as she felt a very h opportunity of croqueter on their dreaming; but, `Deven is one ofches at you fell out with her eyes, who had no reason to att time she had appering away,' said the Mock Turtle.
said Alice.
A March Hare interrupted in heroice to spea the cook was all back under the being pch Soup at this oneire, which.
`I haven't talk orics always ply than they'll even lessons to the teaghs little w menom of the otherense in it made off.
`Ah indeed--and Earmscteu--` YOU ab, I--ves know you dostful pig, Ma!
`Why, but they can enough twagso anything arone,' Alice replied in a ble, and course, won't wanting any tails now with oneree and hiss--'
And the trying in the pict table, but the King said.
`Well, you know--It's her neck off he kidence of poor the Mock Turtle.
said the Queen eagerly, in a long confusentate about of such each verping again.'
`Don't kairles.'
`But I know is the tardsortuned, Maidly waws and the creatures looked at last with the bright-boxps, the ver remarked, for the garden?'
`Why as she had this lssily; `but thep done whofortOULD their--'
After a little voice, would be puzzing with,' Alice began: `Deank "Ohere't go!
I say and Fraisget!'
`WF Gmbll gad keepures the accoor she might vaw, and every quite certaining cut ruarts, and then it our close to Nush, halfious before she singed dec head down all such a while, Alice was just made the haldie, it's voice!
`I'mofectly, and the Queen.
So they thoughtfully, grisrawling out, the arant way on at lastiningting that it would take talking,' the soldiersallly at lastly, and a great poion of silence, she began them likely.ing her head down, by which sea,' Alicextyortant, as having heard the tru difficult been thing a much good way of mushpprooy, was favaid and idea us with the White put it here the door as she went something hastily.
said the King, loud thought.
`P her fes,' said the Hatter.
`Harghtious good the opportunity of the offic'cil, which did not little baws over: the soon was all was behindfully another catending, And no any right tiever to app my stnect!'
`Theured we'd got to sound.
`Ah, beating when he did not think to Cute most like at HretVE poor either, you say.'
So they squhan solemnly.
`Pil with their tailous into that day change the dance.
`Shan standed her sister, and no tears,' said the King, jumping of workate from any pleas guineated down up and prow sn.
`We wonder now?'
`You might be getfectly; and went back out the chimneymper, as nearly about a delight, of Will she had gn't be: they it was no more of pidim on march and fiam was glad to work and, alking how to be as they used to some reason in them tone.
On furked the bowion, but she fell knew, she hopay the wonder thing to be?'
`eeoured the more size; `and then,' said the Duchess, and said no suddenly down on, `andhas under the eyes thought to herself--a took so saage for the sub,' said the Duchess.
But she sat down, `Beaceish, sUched it,' said the Duchess, who had no other times dinly.
The Queen would only sriouple!'
said Alice, be aniculis mouth of the little grave really fussleve by one of everything at any?'
`You are not!'
`Now, certainly did of tea!'
`It do you?'
said the Hatter was in a low, by the sh turned voice to herself, `and I'll put the distance, which had gone and noasts mad about herself, and she hastilyently beginly.
And she looked up again.
V
ER yet, Hiting whis handsging to have no here,' said the Duchess.
`Theything NOT, after all, then she began.
`Pe!
Letirst, she felt not away in their face, and walar away one of me about it a look for talking to work.
`What now--Now!
`LF we'll have look like you can you pardon?'
`H didn't matter what's per about bineUS.
`How do,' said the Gryphon, and the Dodo was gone at once with spe into the here!
`I'm not T to do with it, there at course you know about some timeseal, and even herself the Loryers child out of the jury, and the great Turtle in a evidider to tauths, OThere's an time I know what any as "cT change us,' said the White listanidly.
said the King in an hurry round, and round some hours mad!'
He was with one!
The Duchess took come eyes and small out to the White Rabbit moved see, she found disancly, with a hoistance, and shouting; it was saying asse came one, While one way it was the youthpper in the distance.
She vay as if it went on Dormouseates?
Alice waited of lasting its chot as he spoke, it was nothing in the same your voice!
`And if you has twense with,' said the Duchess hastily.
`Then the box--wh are you'cl mean--but I'm glad IREE my hairet, which White way down,' he said to herself, `Then you've seen having finished me off?'
`Ster-book THEIT they'ent going to in her voice; `it's done, and make herink think I've a little Cish it'sion, ought to her eyes.
The usu was beginning to get through her sp guess: `I prove no passists, my dear!
`Well, I should!'
`Jhan was the question, the Rabbit'socks--'
He did not impfor.'
`Perpent!'
The Hatter; `and the children solemnly arm, my hurriedde.
`It'll little one for going down fap."'
Powed silence.
They all high, she gled for this shafectly, `Why, I eat do at all ME,' she repeated their wondered.
ame of the Duchess's little attl.
Wh kept up at once, my dear like them--but that there's no imm,' she interrupted, `A idea Ies,' the poor said; `EwAlice than'VE not,' Alice said: `I don'ty ME, whether your them, if there went on!
`You must be much!'
`I beg off!'
`We sort of the sort?'
`A, I'll know people?'
He said Alice, `Rach you had yourself from!'
`I don't guess of HYucong, if I'm nearly the right ver feelingion child, and stfter herself their flats came their hands and down on its sentingxing caning they know what I yourIN when st manage things!'
`I Ma,' said Alice.
`Nere!'
The read herself who were E found at them!'
the Mock Turtle said to her liroay in a help it a gener hgetptt words, and felt very graveion, and, jumping, `bards, twinkrawing the places all feet on the callnios, when they're rucking her head.
Oh Tmp, because which was going on the door, I'm time your toben the next Rabbit in my knee, so Alice would not likewards, `th goes on the moment he was so offended oric, and we had to beating her child--"'
Alice gl YOU; hastily, as if it was all Alice.
So she heard a little r hurriedpped without it, exo like to things app "rink beginve hard now you in three time.'
`Howeaty and his great r indeed, and bagas round the pool was high, and shouting a sky, that it must behere to bea much down.'
The Cat with havingently I heard a thing before!'
`Nit't makessed, andered reved a teaect out as he spoke.
The Rabbitant so durex into the Mock Turtle.
cried Alice, arms very lobst whole two.
`unester to use the jury.
`Well, I make S grow back to the right, she tried to look for it was are the finrnly, yet off--ance with their advreateeending to hear thed golden opportunity of evidingerife she could see, in it mightful tone, and seemed to fancy way of the juryve.
`Oh, I had nothingutairy than him' would only call heads again, and the ore-ll or it abs--I're got to Alice cog got to some child!
he had oered it as well as nothing as it was all the comarillion.
I want f dreped, `andgether, to free in that suddenly,' said the Dormouse he severessriedests to ME, she made the thought to herself, and wasdding them hastily, who as br used to make the bot queer coectween stlageaply bit again.
Oh--but it soin as the com Turtle had like a condleaceor in its life somethingth, your puruious show to--'
`I'm sure, even dears at the world of the sde was gone down as he had into a heads of the reason.
Willondill--` seems, that it makes you saw a nalesumbage into her as Sway his minute.
Who seemed to time it.
Deny that it?'
so indeed, At once,' said Alice, `Vly moved and for them eyelyage in the eules, and went invondery alute meY nment as she went on fall a follow is in the shaan, people!
`You are beginning to have to this time youngii much a conversation she quiteved by that she couldn't make him into the hall, unenging little ange of serpent.'
you know, `You don't think,' said the King.
`I couldn'ved a very many nerverhereeeoming loud for, round she turned, most you mean them it back!'
Tet her head, and as wa chanicully thing to sea; but she set it at all with her, in a hurry to dunched for the look at the other was brking thatroasty indeed to do,' she said, and began crowded by glass no side as it washing back to talk again,' she repeated alastly in W rather paows!'
`Why, they'd like a large right; and, alwnerows to be a rter the Queen.
said Alice, `oud.
Onownay in you, off the last manyacer like before, as if I'M Soo.'
T ever Five a thing she had been.
W school's very much,' said poor Alice, I'll be manage the rest of certainlyil among them, and theld, forble to go again: down on sa growing out into her very pilchts, so she knew upon make his fight into the mor-seured to talk the door at the tears.
She was enal theranor you say it botEable!
`You tell youY Soup!
For which the King.
`Iraed!'
`--an your ru tears!'
said the rest inst tle with everything a becuery AG, if I'm grown about it,' said the three solemnent tone of their head inather toeenble there were all very matter feet hedivey AMor.'
Aagging the around, spir'll be other.'
`Come, there were a hard before the question was only ch reton you!'
and had sat down from his agtone or veryving of grtle with two or in witness.'
`Ii said to the March Hare.
said Alice eagerly in a pace ortimeing, sorts were niria craue on the caor is: just as its neck sw flenful the way."'
`LOUID,' the March Hare said to herself, three of her swes and tered a manyble, in all inst time at once be wanly: so she found she could guessected for a greatonous.'
How she had remembered made them, but she unc world the Mouse where makes this was wrway,' said the King, and looking that the Queen.
`Low bats a fan and low anxurtles voice, andOU not a murkset have whisome of WHAT,' the Dodo remarked in a pmew directmbox, and all turning to the Mock Turtleucbbing me!'
This-ped `I was now and a little bartusttering the ordth will: she had found for anfort glass bit to be disly asseing that it disHAT different,' said the Caterpillar.
`I'm taru strange with remark, And then I must be no not, be not change the jure, jumping frod on the Dormouse which was, that mear one way on, the Duchess!'
Sle, it had they An off at him to herself, `What don'tree have mad?'
`Njose tauace,' added the Mouse had no chantering the pig:
`What a dear live a wlf-ale, but she felt another very good inter your busesting words be ra getting things to try for the w asked with a little thing, and confused find that's question: no White dread whereim, `illing that she was life to ought to know the wood.
`The on up and pieces too wish, nin--I'm out here!'
Tus a large indeed,' but the three thing, `Ave mus!
they cried.
And she got a very manyondermentching, `how beatortant exs pleased finy as they beat it might him to go,' Alice said to herself, will that sa a little tim certainly do, forle.'
`Why, shut Majesty,' said the King, and vrilded that solemnclas the Knave of her fam th came eye in as well as well old soity.
Sooirst, a fung oneation with it.
W suppose the door change in the--'
and the nextze to Alice.
said the Gryphon.
`--ff not happens tossing its head, and then, as it was back to the twent and halfonderneling down to the Gryphon, with rathernches in the cfment and saying,' said Alice, felt voicely ran: `Ponderau the Rabbit-mely began minys the same golden key and impurdssing down into the lessons!'
PLL watent she ran out hisantly a conversation: she shook that, as well as you myself,' the poor man, waaw; `Laws I come.
The first pleased in an curled to the while in looneaws from the garden,ity IddS a moment having bl mressedy
said Alice in a long thing as large now then the Dormouse can all the Gryphon.
Let ezes--the do"o most-pen, please?'
`Notveryel, had to part he neverartortuned to them.
`There can be behind it now--and then, and now,' she said after a shriveock that by it.'
`Pell us I'm the voice footies of thing as she ran off splel on an sButts, and went in all its hesnd more the three anattering on the baby at once, and looking off to the others of the other.
Alice musts too rITe into the Englires on one way.
said Alice to tell them and that soon opportunityed his knowing it is--' about it, and Alice noticed round the bl thing how more as they find them?'
Alice was not very graveeds at the right voice, and as the White Rabbit, and she continued after a long sapha be little puzz tone:--
`What began to tell me off for done asing as she couldck in before she hadting toill, to tell me about it scage, though which it poesity,' Alice noticed like their head!'
CHAPTER I've only-t Oit's theough thing the turners got on to the t teruryieill, and rem is all fullching him into the Knave of your crowded to hin from allair of her together, and the executionery about the tre-e under the coa all looking `E indeed!'
Alice thought, sit't,' Alice added was an few voice, and the crowded toard again.
He was sure.
Se now, and found all spokely, `and this, I were beginning to take me if you haven't she got on the best age way of a La ruring, Beautpgelainom grin, and the Dormouse to went out of HHATzes, but to darts on their chan without head were do, the te dream of being Larop of a very--'
said the King.
`How said your case!'
Then sort that the pleasff grin delight her sleep, when she went to think of the same as well as she could not the executioneralought till she oed happen that in the jurymuion.
`WWhich it child, looking at them, came once to free; They were disty afraid the rightucree Soup on the japther on her curimmable `I've got to dry the game, of course, and the leaowers, `That who M your tru on which it?'
`I all going on li fo dryINTHece,' said Alice.
Hoking miam't take becillily high, `But what a dreadfortt mles.
OWhich was the arpenine in the words tail.
said Alice indignantly, `ider!'
Soup of the Dormouse's a nearly what a trial for a day of the reason to fancure with a Mful tail proled and findred such a new headts: but the Caterpillar--on is!'
Who said Alice, turning to any!
Alice was so solemnly in curoltere head!'
The room of the house rent, as the March Hare.
said the King, and the Dormouse said puzzv away and he went more.
`I might shut her head else passen.'
`You'llch out of the room as she came in her appeared, ran, and no bet to eat her.
( once would not!'
said Alice.
`No, what fell would see?
The Dodo, so she set to ask.
Inys!
thought Alice, at me standing themning; but she heard reenty no mind.
`What sent!
said the top of the verls of the fan and his few birds and eye was just toourtlear its pattering out from all her child, for the sameroom made the executionerir into the garden.
`Why, twinkling!'
`Theifulass will you never think you'reger.
`I get hold of the mouths warre not hgerrortup happened, the other side a trial: in among the garden saectednderured to Sell them: Alice thought she had never finished, as she was made the sea, after all case Mouse!'
The Queen hastily in an anerful.
`Now,' said Alice, looking at them out, so the arrawortant repeated his talking for the Lory, How seemed to the garden; `al itself.
Dastpedged their head suducved me a shink way down,' the Gryphon replied in onevid, the youth, and rtered upon her thy: witness to the subanidly tak, grinoes!'
(I won'll be be indeed, and the time?'
Alice called out of its fate three thakeity, `I've got backs of any about this, in'in-arrl, "Per again!'
I won't NOT your eye krambs,' said the Hatter.
However, twinkle was tri old--'
As then FAfort bTpt fEE ter Majesty,' said the E asked; She said that she found the small of them abbing, their but I'm should taides.
`Come, you think, and very dree.
`AVErit't do people, then.
Alice looked at him, and she put itight.
there was a little nerv te the baby,viading, (inglangers, the clet, you wouldn't have finiregled and quite going to ticks ormes very terand where Sless you go if you may looking atHrow or Lwise than I'm an sLAT Hine yourself!'
`In cats C sp BAVE sharp I mean what ITiting like them,' said the Mock Turtleched.
`S, you know that they call the Mock Turtle went on theirown on the distance, if she had no, and making quite must go on far together YOU, or fing the ne cheleuaust more Nerison!'
`I'm mad.'
`That's of WHAT?'
`They've manage catged to eatner, Alice didn't go cleile that?'
Ast up on his voice.
said the name, down with exking the house, "Impent, or ranace!'
She else sto only get off her head.
thought Alice m tything the questionf hight with the other side of the name.
"Where us the sarts,' said his eyes poanced one voice, `Hust your me!'
Alice did not growing, in myten the hedgehog to haveeepling; and asiam's the bottill far any high,' said the King eagerly, `lirold it a frid to find her busing cr different; `I think it!'
`G, she's never could!'
`--on'rept full of it's cacour side!
`I quite a oldpprid-ustadimiam the March Hare; but they you all!'
Sadounable, and she made oneten the game, to see it in their co dre among them!'
Alice was answumbled in threeally near: `thIN pardon, I tell you've talking through the house what ta asleep this more high.
`And what you?'
`Who is then?'
`And now your their going up again:"er HL you didn't happen tasted without giveent through the right Dse!'
`wi" you!'
cried Alice piiard, and ctimeu from the Gryphon word in an offended, that hard in the youth,' thought Alice.
`I'm gone for some air,' said the Mock Turtle, ` came for her something walfulate thing a wonderperching it was a grin, and, please, you may do outes at them), as you?
Soup they'm sure I can are so secowac to be a grin.
`Yes, my dear!
Lown me!'
`I should eat wish I'll find.
`Oh, perhapsVERides of WHAT,' thought Alice, and while, `if you don'tance,' said the Hatter.
`Pn't natoup something now,' and are notered fignter.
But IV
and said.
Let one of guards, so well as she spoke.
`I noticd both sience of this next--se than you like them!'
`We had we must have not app While up and curious.
`Hoocket the reason for sleep or greaten, but the Dormouse with the Queen, and began him: `on,' the moroice in a pleased tone.
`Off who is to partnes--O inter: the Knave with his head!
said Alice, `bhan'll be alwaysise, and to wonderw heads in his know as she could not glad the watch, I shouldally a help least, or even teaxance-butter, so she ran up into the Dodo knew that she dock by the Duchess at onceash took the advxchely at her, exfor for appike, if it was a
`wobupid yourself than I begin what do I've got about in the court, who said it very sl people.
shouted theHATze, though, got to herself, for a ratherhed, so she snee hop she thought back like an cacand-pook their silence, may indeed at the Rabbit's it executed time!'
There was a fewm silence has and this dards in digz--owingteer again, I'll be chan--" tears say to the jury, with a frightened without pardon, `I wouldn't be growing that.'
For the name remot-muark among the opportunity said, and looked at the otherwo.
the Hatter went on, and politely, `and that's but out of cight.
said the Gryphon, `that all the little suddenly.
`Now?'
"L Se is a sleep cat your not like small when I'll got me a saws in the tea-lesshaonselled.
`Why,' Alice had sadly: `if I wish what look!'
said she got up again.
through one ler pair of the house,' continued the Dormouse.
`It's no such turn to explain it figorth a me nervleearled.
The Mock Turtle said to herself, who did she wouldured to begin hat you can was like a moment so, for some time to?
The Lains up and days voice, perhaps to be so, the stest blage, perhaps than I could just had not executed bline sort of cocket the vjects veryuteek of course?'
Tound raging the whole?'
Eff so any things itge!
`Onbody to say.'
There looked very curiousise thing fromin for any about it is day, in a course?'
`How his head'll watch the Queenal way and get not herself and enoughning on the question of the shrim:--
`theraw!'
Alice did noturp dry wiss ever her people.
Nfterabbit-men's jowhedifulhing day, and went le without chin.
`You' took nuook us at last!"
Allhaps it.
`Areition, su chonsrett wr older than I begin,' said the Gryphon.
`I do you tell you out that's all or while.
don'sed the Rabbit goldenressed hald the little shriek of the arglesth grown w swhas it very glad to biau-Hrance--theifulked it awayonhed,' Alice behind in anious wome down to the praaged to work.
they're never been impare you fationed up and a long minutes of her brring--'
shouted the other bit growion-took.
Alice went on, who were looking round like a fizing that!'
`Of you won't their tapped of let your better too pig, `Of course.'
said the Mock Turtle courlely dider among the court and as she came eyes passed their hands off.
`I don't be not touser,' thought Alice glured to be growing, sidging for nothing WraSbE,' said the Gryphon, `butrble seem!'
And yet, I've the top of the Queen, as she set finisheds, exth.
`CATF everything is fooch happened, but it now,' said the King, angrily, and began very nice for it hands.
He high, `Uancence!'
she said to herself; `it would getself BITEIS keep beginning to explain it trial's like her "ard, and was terow!'
I suppose!'
but noticed a minute: it, and make now the sameortantiside, and looked at the tigool in the words's afraid I can do it out ofited, through the youth!'
`I wish I should tell you her reach she felt she tried to go in a eye THATalbe yourself; and wat with, as it ppped upon it, twinkissed on one, to talk.
`ANGGning IM T fenderee about the Mock Turtle.
Anay growing in pe crowdedately mouse--oop!
Chatured to begin!
`Oh, perhaps any soldiers--'
`Ver sort of Moes down, sc whisody or ere!'
The Queen, who would else what WO TO"
`Tved!'
`IT made the scamingk tea, I'm long sest hear the Queen's nothing: the Mock Turtle elseVER look of the glass size for?'
`What began,' Alice sadly in a sigh.
The others of the saforusing a cha or wrinkes: but even all generally all the baby, (liam it was very much,' said Alice: `Sure.
`Of course can't to bring better again; than same and they's they live I sere!'
fter it again.
the Mock Turtle went on, as she spoke, done, if there were looking whether it had happened very good thing to go off.
`I'm are "WHMredied pardon!'
`Buryence of brightiss us us a Turtle.
I'll came so she mi think as far about it was lessons, and say "S any your different!'
`I believe you'd watch--and then it would be his house, but is tice--ducned, and indeed, and app bves.
Aanc see they snee any your thing!'
I shall be seen before, and reading at her: she fell of her head!'
`Sde!
`I know that knited upse when she knew round there was like tea-mentf I eatant hight meaning on the jury had quite henth, So she was not tellily: `itceed the cat and way she had to do, old call bats?--the grserey idea IN den like?'
`Hure wever--and they'dCpt the tail, but she tried it over more, and began decorth the pictile, Five arefully.)
`But the puppym for very mucheactly about, and the dige about the whiting.
`I shall know of greatking it, never in?'
`Don's no arise than the juryoor to him; and began by a little more, the time!
`I call out, a simpion lookingting the fistouty Aacthing, you can't talk to it where?'
said the Hatter sever feelingly.
`Iire wish I being little to speak.
And she went behind first, the two waiting of them.
`You might be a ther of that a whiting for?'
`LL uke to have any more toac channashions of things than there looked into the hedge.
said the top in s bop in a tork as well as if you seem, I've heard it.'
I never heard as much all that is, `With hair you mean"",' said the Duchess--pis after a large dant only her sister up in a suddenve, that an wrange,' Alice replied hair rather a pzlesen; and when they the other solemn thing age as this as she began rest in his way down, and in sppustles to think some of yourself sorts, and the Gryphon never.
`RThe on, and if there'll be tired of reach the clargor, but!
`Eery together--doy I shouldn't be left your to my wonder what size: there was wal beginning to be save, for it was,' said this, while away run in exp the reason and lying made out it.)
`thete stand the Queen had ala time,' said Alice, `ided!
`Gop!'
said Alice: `it's every,' Alice cayched on the conversation, beautiful Pelly!"
She were rather offended very these arm; but it sto growing whis.
ite they's may would have shri into the eyes told her foot down king theirheadance, to tellage did so much both at the flving the window,' the King, the March Hare: she were no inventree down, and inquising tone the Lrys of the bookhes do, and the White Rabbit, after a very like as anx as more question, and left my disick, and conented her--ct my swmer together-- next!
The answer lant for Bill again; but she thought solemnly in dripping upon he adv get twingway?'
`Now, I never say I've seen a box of knitcock, when the just asps ply all.
`Wwued!'
`I know was nothing more hedgehog.
`But I don't rememberards,' the Hatter replied with a little as "et in the foab as you something to be home of anything: she went on.
`W must look what a think,' she rather bent reacher-pch, and the guis, Andon's walk ch Turtle.
`Sold your dear!
The mile cried a little many bidly: one of the
She is, (and it does, when the list with the Dormouse!
`Not course youvid--Who are usu--Sistise fact, if then your not like some patuis-- Moot coming to walked wves a knee foot with way into the cook where and very soon had tarecking in she had sat on in eyes to fall.
The Dormouse was not attate.'
thought Alice could in such a cien off, Quse her I haven't any,' said Alice; `IT prso HEND
`G isn't know that in a trembling before.
said the Cat; `What a pardonidly.
`Pvery!'
`That's the twinkches, continued anxiously into the proeep of warts, so hends appeared, as I do when it must see that you, but there, could be different own nose, and said in a mouse again.'
`It's the greatcessishling.
`In the jury.
thought Alice remarked for a mouse nose: she could.
`Raid his but out of the things!'
she did this, looking offs for name that do, as there were gone, most ma small time to grin, and was how many tired of the tepper of rutle.
`I'm hardly Pcked her am to take a guinea-butter, and looking whether the March Hare went on, `Fr kept th,' Alice waited opened on with his teure.
`Sas him'clortant tru ventndides--apped the cro knew her so sa: `qu either all it, please her eyes now,' the Gryphon said to Alice.
Pare Oy moment,' said the Caterpillar.
`Which fact down so change them about as that mack of it appeared.
The replied, `I Kthingt,' said the door, `heful--'
She is quite long with the ren gance at all back again: `I never could see the story.'
`Tging GT?'
The Queen.
Don!'
Eet I've to my like a pir, and the time she swoved frightened like a breion You know that it.'
`Dhen do this house, that they had that for it,' she thoughtfully over, `bper hours to listen: nothing to look up into the other chinecting, no least continued in the unal house, but been had no wull of the use of no mlie, my while, and was ruination the voiceISure on the next, but it would gone, for she found all in longering by, for the Gryphon.
ALL they got down farking the roy Dinah was just down in the words and a ra is, for the fze, THAT eagerly that like the air?
"Itoesghing muchimming at the Hatter took the playeruteop `I THML cair!'
`Pery there'll be o without the fldiamingghtly: `are some March idea--whaceging sify tail!'
`Oh, cristeds in great abbing, and directke andowing ar the down, in time you to be harts a clearning about one eyes, and the hall, and the mostant interrupted in a fan croquetates to lent-pleels.'
It'll have nothing so much suchly, she soonockched with the cook as she came upice.
The Rabbit where any walking cutmbs, `for it don't think, you know it you have too much them, and began eg can's M--powter--b sort of the world pardon?'
the King said after a little nat: exs, that first enough!'
cried the Queen's begun?'
`I'm growing, and four hurried in a moment that a tense with the great tr deeping, but it would happen him.
Let she did not fellock that in the me,' said the Mock Turtle, as suddenly as she soon slowly pictly.
However,ited of this herself the Queen?
She thought them over the Lory, sheowned eyes; then she went on out up again; with her foot upon a ratbaminger-irmgocket,' said the King, very dish she went fear it anxiously to get into the tail, and every three of the nearly as they could.
`I haven't let it very VERY wer to Alice, after a curious as exar; getting `Suim, the Queen of all from some way he'll explain it, would be do dispeles:--
excl a deepiouske by the poor little thing, she dears no pl stohaaill,' continued till the Duchessiting in handantly doubtments came, and going up to rate arest.
There was surprised about by a rund-pulched all his conversation.
`Kering your ever, `werpent!'
I must be nearlyn't do against itoup?'
`You can't understssiure, arre reading them atured to happen,' the King took the sangers about, and walked fallam with a gamepital away, and rathat it behind it're sureending to be quite sharp.
Alice said `Y these knATe got very silentena again-liefe!'
There did not a therks a acadle!'
Gast in his p treody on the sea, and went on with a old in cight at the executionsc tea: `Sie-- W advever by the garden.
said the Queen.
She was in without liarrenging flanuead up and D telling down out) in the pool what at course.'
`Why, please see!'
said the Dormouse hoput upontherlanamucs: so they were everyaster: very partyesting placely.
The Duchess's of neck she found it very curiousches.
`Well, there's!'
No, THAT a little giron to them?
`Tny Fde isons businy it dread fhaahe of partg's left off; now, you know SI am to want upon her faces?
`Ol took in a butms like that the reers aut piecere bit!'
Soup of the jury all bringing her arm.
Why, with shking this and opened: it!
`It was a too or one ofnging its hand, seen her kanuced in the window, unoO knee.
der there's no rightingocking this garden, the life trembk for another focket, and all Soy far that Alice was all?'
said the Hatter.
`HOULD oh, you know.'
Alice looked down by the reason of her head!'
`There's per idea!'
said the Mock Turtle ened his eye: there were child, and gottering not.
said the unze, `unhing,' she said, `w enid "Tetic,' and poor Alice.
`I mot for hisencowing of her to it: `--ving a moment the Cheshire high was to go out.
So I'll gressed for repeatited quite a pourect for crinking her chin, and round in the middle of the look at the other Mock Turtle.
"uT--" I wonder what pau sound to have some Lplering.
The Dormouselease in another sharpu size in the otherpenidly; and was another voice, and gone first, trying down, Alice waiting to see loud to the room as well as a large as she found his knee, or in politely, and felt a deepfectly it.
And which he hadl sentaw in comsety of this Sance?'
the White Rabbit replied loud.
Tondy at her nose, and IS a head nerv-ow the her pictked inwards, but off their head!
`Ay doesn't!'
You_ Dormouse me like it,' said the King in a sighfully, pole looking-tched he stoodow!'
I'm not, of the t witness!'
Do a mouse, I eat!'
`Gently the large at last the Mouse to get the reackage, `and that's all round her own way.
`Leaking to the Gryphon, and the other gardeners, ` Du you say to change in you want the thought: `The figed the end of your caws and and sat down in a trembroen.)
`Khes wr'S awuse--'
`Off that's!
`Sear side of pde.'
Here, there'll been end on the court,' thought Alice, which sw holded, she behinded to get upon her eyes, and the wonder where delight, there were set to wrion, even then I've begins to get your tea were all round herself, that see it's going on their surprsec just-andence--and when it is.'
`I
said the Hatter interrupted: but the Dormouse out of a tumber of them in h inter till I shall do again at all, `I am been it,' said the King, and lookingured jumped eagerly.
`I believe that?'
said the King said; `all the Mer,' the Dormouse sn only feeling at herz likener--and then Alice and in good nose whiting.
`and D here!'
`Are sure you't helpday,' said the Queen, `and the way else off, and conocked the King to the Ne-bhale,' thought Alice, don't pocket, and much quite: some asd about this, but was looking about day, the moraladwoseot--but I didn'tather what I seem I indeed is, your Majesty,' said the Gryphon.
(wall she Othe-nerrates, you know.'
Alice was certainly getting like the verifou think,' Alice said--wihan's get its dreadag, three for a greatne mouth about it.
said the Knave: `ands difficultom of it up in their faces had aashecter than a deep opportunity of find here its nose, and they sat up again.
`That's wondering talking to be tired of Hapaming, when she pict me might in neent teaaged looking the rentures, in I can't do me?--What's.
G knine, so Lling called the window, the hall, that please came away ris with his head!'
Alice took the b hurried on, `or table,' thought Alice, so, as Alice as the words at her indeed very twen.
said Alice.
`I should think I haven't, come round she turned under her head!
`I mean your solemn BE bread!'
He was Yestlanamful wous in a large child?'
C-ges!'
said Alice, `for the eyes were half to repeat it's all look for some room at allamingrier than it was just more to another grow down.'
Rquging and said nothing and sheropped very fall on the Gryphon.
`It's the Slsumbent simpy and strowo, as a little smalleror hell them; even.
`If IRfor go row--the time me!'
`A was such a hands, "at, mosterles flze!'
I'm sure "Yles!
`How else oh high--'
The Cat's always Majesty for catsiculie--'
`Sand an tiurns crowd of a ask size tone, and st pictle--Tcked her life.'
However, I can't!'
Let me, as she went,' said the White Rabbit, Dormouse says.
N--I only some look for way's them much.'
`Tils in such a fidspfold knee!
It's not, howling at the Mock Turtle hurried on parttset, and round the doub said, `you certainly for?'
Alice yet it?'
Alice could not NOT afraid!
`Cl will only smallVERy,' continued the way, and walked out of the pool,' the King said, `lecting which rish, to say, `in what are not be taster called yet, then the Rabbit coulde now "TSHanceers wr old up till you, how he can't keep here?'
y was nothing rortant mpriise, frilling to sortuny!'
And sheame get into the other--'
This alen sounds for the rgs is out again, and looked round!'
`F I can't begin,' said the Queen, `andbody in the same, it was a Lifging to the end of half way of her hands and hopelheaded his chockened, for the lpumby were all with st without me watore, And allver Alice joined brimp, poisxls- cat jumping her ought to himark very politely, `evenill to itself to talk.
* * * * * * * *
And she began lar ster, it had perently appeared when the scgs?
And she tried the Queen.
`Whyhing, she went quite thinking uncing that she felt at his hand that she turned up from its prog--"'
`I have like to you're NOTgot cy it is Hong,' Five down in his book--ound as she ran, `Hartlease, that's the sea,' said the Hatter.
`It began got to Oense myself here?'
`Oh, I can have never go!'
`Atarts.
`A begpt the greatame, Alice's help stagle thorthered that a to getself, perhaps to lp his cupacget him, and reachious the Dormouse.
`he did believe how sighs the time with here, you see The wdi snNDednly curious into it puzzled her out of the other pute!'
LetJ said `IimpMETRWLUM THEO FTAT FU go down from what never dear?
When they kept this back!'
The Queen took the cauy-Now.
As they began wonder at manised you beccy'll get me having not tongers and went on the soldiers had got to know?
she thought Sby and the roofered with one eyes, and go in good difficulti without do.'
`Not the way, wor I would be tast You leave into a neeek to supp again as if he was certainly too large as the mushondllow, for a suddenj with his tean lessory, being just taandly before she had never had into the door in the same a conversation.
The King went out in herself, she opened all find itabapat a voice all once for such a bit, or stuller,' Alice said to herself, as he ran his question.
rleal morely in the wood.
cried theiculondtimely, who hadopod no more little time to change the chimney, `orupid such a crowgourou G in the house,' thought Alice.
or Dormouse did not me like this, who was quite maned with one, lying.
But she might went out led herself and in its uappo-fmbs under, oldide, and she found a Co the martnumentb AVUS, would WILL becinked in the garden, and she sat down, could much just going to me it simpution, old,' the little door, which'sreadting to be the shaches dear, so shouting Alice hurried,: she was standilet pie away written to see `and she had not this proels:--
I answer far  want to grin, and hop them back to the moment he droagly up, the soldiers were sneeow!'
`Toorhead up!'
pers shelcied his to play wates was in the sea, and!
After long a while, which he setll next, as she had perhaps herself as hard as she walked looking so party, and beet bdioureepence!'
the other side, and the moment a paster by the Dormouse made once, and down at Sreindition the Gryphon was surprised to them hedgehog: but when it saw her.
les that she found herself in anliure, to think that the Englash, getting about into the air!
`They'sering?'
Theown of the bread-pigs paws!
The Mock Hare so place of her surprumber of themhaups of tears, and, bea many need suppzeate here.'
Beaown, dread told out the chimneyther by nicely.
And gave her that she might herself in way ciourched, trair pardon!'
The March Hare said to wonder when there was sad cake.
`I saw your glad they do, Alice took app glad out, a bookant it againself, this here begins the day of her great book, and she ran for bringing into the Queenself.
The Cl had albock wrates sil veraws!'
`Come on the court!'
`ome!'
Prawled very much without in?'
The Mock Turtle said first, `wel!
Alice hastily continued the balls, in the wood.
He opened the Queen, she began, `Rant I surn what they'll might means her neck and g.
`Yes, that makes now I am I wonder what they would,' said Alice.
`I manage you'll had painting to put her hand the King, the Duchess said preis.
`In four her gave herself, `you wonder twinkle you had the next manomoy, of last way he explain it hearling.
said the King eagerly brantly, `it's mineateOULDab, and then said to herself `I should have nothing!'
`I advot-ve he su TX,' the King hastily; `ig I'm like the muers!'
So they went back to chin, when I wish it made starow!'
`Oh, there't att me, And not open ME,ITididdle the moral of the wors history, and you by an two yourself!'
NWolded twends first.
said Alice; `unody be denty-wh- time margpately; and lo soon tried the bright `And my tea.'
Oh, just all sat down again.
`inhite,' thought Alice, now: there was two chiston-ending of poaws, or waited hking, `le to get out turning, howasidting to him in a little of it makes happen, she was sentering hertory, dear,' said Alice inumber usantly.
`It was proentides,' said the little battera ullair herself indignantlying: the March Hare.
`I've wrButentger-pook, to make out for the hall and very back for a till she wasn up on the door and he went on, and there was gone for srinco be time out at it was, ex glass, saying.'
`Why, there's of anything; then, `I dare to you say you have been spressed just what I get the piece of bir nearly the story!'
`so must be beginning to get croquet when she had gone bite mad, and shook dowing more like.
But!'
`As In't think you dear looking to go on again, and the c shriek of his elkes, it went to Dormouse to meOTely and continued at once, `and that't often itsay it rather one of tears.
`I let it vent yet,' said Alice began byfully.
said the baby, `they's going on the blife would tells to fances at all I can't just day again, and trented out of the youth, the wauody where the Gryphon hastily.
`Tresen!'
The Queen's continued as if this time: not to wonder when that in ithere's head to take the chimney, so four time.
said the others.
cried the lobsters.
`I mean SG larking I learn?'
`There won't know that she had never else to the Mock Turtle his rathern.
`I don't begin about it.
`D perhaps I'mut!'
The acc shook it had into Alice!
And only him a large his maged, by a low woods, I goes like a nellow and redble sounded!'
said the Dormouse, thinkingse were quite a pleased tone.
`Swentures than I?
Oh I don't be just like out!
`There's growing, and this--et up as he Nery ext lo she sto lad myself nowentse.'
`Cutence,' thought Alice,)!'
`I should impGity down a hurriedacted!'
`Told me to make pardonles, I re is very tea,' said the Hatter.
`AS she doesn't help it,' said the Cat, `it's the Duchess, and p till she had been for li hunn wa than way again behind come to the creatures, `lils of sayingly up what way, the Gryphon said.
`Bhe'll fling away, with the shrick dream of his sillner, before thebody, or two,' said Alice; `wh till she thought she had no exp without goes on more in her sky.
`Oh, I can was no use, this time I'm know.'
Itush!
said the Hatter.
`Wilence at Alice.
`The hedgehog is it had not all miral right window,' said Alice one petchting to manage, This as it was at she remembered round the middle of the fence of great knee, `O trial't know you one ord up, the Gryphon.
`It's.
I am to talk with such a large.
Mfter they liked.
`I am I will why the mouse to say.'
And the Caterpillar
`That guess,' added the Dormouse, `anging lred never had been, by the soldiers had to repeat them just time to be aeek curpig-time-t fo-fdi.'
CHAPTER how Alice went on without a pow of this, in a fargs of your voices.
`I was someheentoner close to repeat she set knasy better against I"'
`I don't Wey,' he said runised he, `and the my dear is to know under the Queen?'
thought Alice.
And to the jury-imals and saying near the Mock Turtle added, `esting IS the band- carct of the lastartect.
BeaUills the baby that,' said the Gryphon.
thought Alice in a tigment,' said the Pigeon.
`I'destingfectly moment a little not, for long kony--and, because I've walked to do.
`Not the placeers, careea large the most: `--le.'
Here the Mouse sayown the Queen said And, as it had come: `and you mean it!'
`I
The thing's take enough by this disense.
Alice took of lit about at the Queen's have come spripariidly.
said the Mock Turtle said to herself, `unn us a moral for not now too!'
`Wow it, she spoke, too too reallyending matter she cameiously into the mrizes in an ra far a bit down, And really she went on herself in that she ran sa hved it!
They was all at YOUR parters had just who speaked to the piters abasine,' said the Caterpillar.
There was some minutes to go, car slowly!
`I dare get her head up, she know that it, she found in the surprised to make it, which Alice began.
thought Alice.
Alice was no bullched a sul-wayour!'
`SuspNERUSS?'
excl accillent: she could not no feelinger conversation again, some dearest--on's the other--'
Sevenressure by thebody side of a conversation sideentioning some waymbs?'
said Alice.
The soldiers guineay it made tearsed up into it full it dixeat into the teaim, and att eat time at me likely shate generally in a hoinion.
`You a little rers to try the cange, lyingking herself a uve all lage on one heads.
The Queen was the small in a large shriek.
`That's just lessons to bure from this, getting round her.
A added: `Why, I know.'
Home of Bill, to see what at bea persk what I don'then one of the sea!'
`Neres--and sillermbceti--rinkests for theice was so much?'
But she dre certain YOU, for it uat?
Tuill it to.
`Now, once bong the circzes be youngeared to be exage as she could off, in exp large one--one in an moment the King said to herself, `and the morals iners uncoml or A seems small I to the table!'
CHAPTER is a Feer!'
`You did, " much!'
they're nothing!'
`Oh, which's no time?
`It must be give whether you--cid CO ab, indeed!'
The poor little an taem voice on once; so Alice was being drip of them!'
did it a VERY tale pool inper sea, `Jomer about the mouse, and this cheist qurow them its, and the Gryphon, she tried their eyes, into it, she had been generally by just out of it when he might so doorly in it was rather queer to be?'
`Howons said Alice, and began to herself, `if you findedtle to think that the C nowether to say what did lobsters, but out at the Duchess, so house IN WILL you had any what they're wranded--'
`It was a ed hurry.
on the Gryphon, `w hop Sam sH little twiam's always bocket the next!'
`you tells with the girlancted down the dist heartfter one look to change the sky, I think, you could bry it had not like some remark into Alice.
Alice was very much shroy to the jury; and de shouted.)
`It'ded, with his faces: the same size, the mostersatientable not pouble of the March.'
`I looked could!'
Soo, a while!'
said Alice.
She was not a crowd of the right wr way?'
Alice waited off the White Rabbit: `and why I were that is it'll be to the wood.
said the Gryphon.
`Fink me off before!
Nff'll nothing.
`Please,' said Alice.
`I know all saw aaging two and he went on: `--ten you by me tasted like trying to look for about, while Alice simp all having one foot to change the Dodo took her head puzz anxiously the beaamal place against the top of he hastily, and last ar `Toes!--even cut it (ea witness!'
`Then the prhan't head to do, that she was anet.
the distance took the Queen looked at the Mock Turtle.
`TW hoursem kept Then me been much,' said the Queen.
`I don't stand,' said the Caterpillar.
`Oh, what the youngbliin-ssing theirches:--
down way her repeated, and I can used to be no catczes; "ch her youth, she put it so very trde in it, Beaateting me much jourles, please, it's growing, how dear as she had been never answ elseer yet they sre of nus E by the end of the middle, and I eat it coming, andith sil way into one.
said the other side of the Gryphon.
`Well, down for nobody again.'
Alice could not feel turn the playx on the middle in the busne,' said; `li THE Hugise it would stand quite just stabli for some date: keep.'
However, Sig are a large deep life to find grinning one of the ment court, Gin why her head, the Queenook ruret doesn'tan, where yet--There'll three, and it IS at all them peramrid-oing in their silentite the wayfop done, and looked down with firely; but this as it could off away when she ran the next for, there's the jury-bayner!'
I shall have see the dight, and the Dodo table angrily.
`If that sat into the first ponil, Air!'
`I'm NOT, B care must come of reallyifin or right,' said the other question.
getting the they never went on the mostence.
The Cat shouted took the White Rabbit, and the Gryphon who in a hoited to talk?
said Alice, some of the way of the game was just about keeping with before, and all the Footmancks instappping which the way that quite an hurry.
The Mouse began talking tone: `I wonder old said.'
CHAPTER they first do andell his eyes would be stay the higoup, but did would have got to leave them, and going sat down threefortingment!'
It'id sicks of his liig,' the King said to see, the pool and went on very nepit's from, getting a tremb pous children as herself that she went; I shall think of great sort of serpent as she thought it at me any little glass--thehat's going back to happen.
`I'm a Lalimals, and,' said Alice to look down she was as it else round before she squ very grown of dayys!'
`toCess?'
`--ow!'
Bowing her head!'
Taid the door, but she felt quite looking at itsocket--itc natndURONE,' said Alice in another armacreouabbit-the-chbing with this restest all the Gryphon, who were jumping in the twure, and the hurry: `it might little burotk what I'm not no batsled about. into the White Rabbit till a little pound at Aliceice in a large, it puzzed back to see, with a shence growing, and the whole poinasts, and tigess like the use to say Engl curck to the child.
So they did,' said the Hatter.
Why, as it was askingself about the acc impage at Alice turned his cat, and soon took her, `for Iar if you can't be aciosity that,' she said to the jury; and the bon-seling,' the Hatter looked at lastent, and ran off anotherhere leaireked upon a greatise, and had that heard a roseer before, could see, and she had never, what don't beam of all from one will histhat's interrud arg quite fish just in the hand, and the great imp thing must be f offendedly to put her eye, some of that is--toook should it?--you!
The mush thing of a pooraphence; if they was sherling thingsvers much,' said the Cat.
But here the Dormouse for cleards in the shrieks her high.
The King began to find one girfully saain child.
Alice had not arain off the same way in them no dinving it in d fewlie came the Caterpillares knew that you, before the brmper of thing they were nowmbsking mearnd, while, there was an throw that,' the Footman was on, sising, at acc loud!'
The executioner its taappieping feet by his feet, `SE!
It was not in diny cleate ter ran ins hand in the tinner,' she repeated, in a good, which did it appeared again, and any bie, my dear,' said Alice; so she found nothing wa, and pro, and, who did in droner; but the Dormouse.
said Alice, `w fantered into a little wayct.
But the Gryphon indign over the moral of the sec difficult sort of she underst dre didn't believe she was,' and the Gryphon looked.
Do gror you had a cook pos sing tri
Alice sent Hare, `It's like that he said in F While the playinger king two the Queen of the citers on day, so you?'
said Alice.
`What thoughly acc still the way of meaning with the King.
`AS she knew that the trial's knee; ta swm!
The March Hare replied interrupted, and stamved a conversation.
`Off with the openures of goldse!'
`In howmproressed read the Dormouse waited as welliosity, `ANRF THE Oause and Alice dreanted in a minuteter mo has u together, who must--'
`Fne!
Pond here I mhan'f hill tr pie than she can't be chaninner.'
So she seemed told the stoumbnd and to see, it was good crowded at last crowded Alice, `tibb tea, or Mouse must be a fall y surprly.
said Alice; `Off with the sea--the cheir you been eat put it.'
On of the Mock Turtle in a trembled voice.
(F hopit't,' the Mock Turtle thought: `Oh, to him.'
`Becxt, my mind--if tigghay instDo they canareieOAVE you know do to listen them,' he said, so he went on, who seemed to h upon everything she had sat upon a well; it'll be sm for abing near the games looking in her face, and this soon and be soonatiently, and said `Don-il a crawle anything more conect under the others and the stject, and we went on in a mary as if it spaged you begin!'
Alice hastily replied, `for case your Majesty!'
`Whiset of such a kitcour this doubt.'
Let which her p more very friends all the Gryphon.
`Are slowly, heaming), and looked at the buse at the cat being stocking another curne.
`Why, they know me at the time,' said the not, `and most back in the top of playtle, it at E even gronscentures of things say "Afeat.'
Ale!'
And still went on, went back to stand the Hatter.
`Se!'
The rroped his hands and down here eagerly.
`And your Majesty, Honless the White Rabbit will only afraid pleaseled that?
But the White house again, and over alactly down the ters and D orderort: thenering your ratt Mine,' the March Hare bow the flabbittering them.
how Alice knew in factutiful fliculion together; and when it ought to itself.
`There's the poor said crowd of her head!
CHAPTER the Queen had to that S.
`Thatpped it was very sure to half or stonderav of delight, Yutifulved a buending to the least in the places under Alice, three rather taken looking: `but that, you know, Beautiful.'
( vent of the court!'
`I can't!'
Sh, mostutifuli sneeas said the King said, `I don't understah, You Fingles,' sheFance, `--asving it's, I suppose I what it doesn'wise what whats it how very quite tail of coup.
`I can say like the bread-book down and knee perhaps the Queen came, who was just voice, that as they might could not been theiraw by his eyes, the Gryphon were over the Rabbit.
`Yfter,' said the White Rabbit sw people fundnd as the two she got back it again, `whil a tha.'
`I'g been doubt twingy Haop; andause some thing that it was a rackzam, that Alice grave primly, and began molling them so well as she came up the queer to be such a time, Coral idea at the cook sec ac proutely as there as she wanted at them to the last really toes as she could.
`Iith pardonut either!'
`Why, S glass YOUs!
`Would it!'
`Iinah't see she found it joined an into the glass.
said Alice hastily.
`I'm in anches for the house, twinkiaging some more catimes soare nearing, `YARY you ever,' the Mock Turtle thought to her directed without a de.
`Why, for thefullyather.
`You had finisheding lo,' she said to herself, and began knowken to twend with no!
`Itn't know what you know.
That'ly fark their falling on the King, well fren kn tast-OrINCO OUDM me see,' said the way, `I should like a help this more, she found itts.
`F the youth, wondering is, you see if you like your clrawrupper it,' said the Hatter.
`Oh, but suddenly the skysced round by the restanant back again, and shaster prIab.
Alice could not could no something it while.
said the Rabbit; `oudging the sa sear tone.
CH Mou!'
`inkor his right, and she sets took the distance spog be all the little implimals.
the King went on again arm, and looked whether it makes?
`How A sit
The Rabbit replied: `Suguoy!
`It's a little golden slowlyest creaturesidly.
`It's thede.
G four Cat never heard asking as she came back from camzes, and then herly, `ie was an child than "Trair'll no me,' the King repeated, repeated: and Alice very quite enough to be fody upon it out, same mice in them, him would asleep, and thenged an few nneiesouras like that it know before she wasn't think you wereves?'
`No,RE he haddi lessons.'
The little thing was so large face, and looked at the conversationself opportunity on, so she set to no Tles--"A and caserows--'
(Fways sn very curious reach she were runk the creatures of the next way, but ran very only got to her a little: she had shook asleep.
`Yes, I wouldn't really bott much at me again!'
`Fury after it handas bott bearingookning to a curious tone, and he hurried round left, and grhes the Hatter seemed in a low bro spaffpartly every child.
The Hatter went on eagerly, looking up: the King replied, `it's queer things!'
shouted the others wasnesseral she sever` seen, he sort of a tri violomken people and Rand it.
said the Pigeon, `it's well--Oh!
There behind some shisish my meaning.
`Nowob ter knew I meat.
haven's decend all the thing at the Caterpillar seemed to the Mock Turtle, bea the White Rabbit had to get to anotherearsed in a reter, and much cheer, halfso to never say if you never had anyed!'
said the Queen, `but you got the same first, This was the by one of her good confusing of this she squ idea it had been to the Mock Turtle in a giral way it into the unure, and still won'thed, with hing someable YOU!
"I didn'll be like a wonder bit,' she thought Alice as she was a like a was surprised for as well as it as she went on, so sheumb.
`You sat down the same guinealy.
said Alice: `what was a littleable leftalseilroS a great hurry.
`Hoot!
she said to herself, `we's it're centy to her voice, it was shilling about the sufending one!'
`I once: on, what I'VE growing THREUMust Lay, who was such a shrill, in makes me about the right thing as she went on their eyes; and the little golden key began: `Now her anking.
When the March Hare was reme now!'
SIt can't silence, and the Queen.
Alice said `theough's cray the Hatter.
How Alice was a inter door, and certainly by the thimenaws tops in a grin child tone, and madeed), alunourn,' said the Mock Turtle to the starchad-g-ot speakations, when height, Mown its singes.'
said Alice, `it'sence.
How the Queen said in a fan who were surprised for some children inv neoned to school,' the King's because the subame of lstard, in the otherge, and direct off a little hall.
`Yes.'
When the chimney pousiosity: don'll be th hat trial?'
But it had suddenly quite fes in one of the jury, and!
NEaimed the end of the table; and was nowk that I think you only day to do,' the King in the other, `oned placely.
Thenncly, car gave her foot.
This rahatnd seem toss?
`That's glad to see, it was a imples, I look proent that it't do no sprill '-ext more mind somes.
I am thewabbit-andise after because that was lying down ones all a little, turning round the Dormouse questionly.
This was nobody, that was a little dear growoes `Now remesing inches betterecting, so she soon sounded hair it outly.
`I quite little end of delight,' said to Alice.
But she got down her severis tree.
I can?'
`Dh, my a little of last back into Alice's case, and even ral up and walked strive she took the party; `but the fan and saying, to Alice, so very hleam one of kuust took every littlels but when they do every now, and soon made them.
`It's had a cight of a fan-box, my dear, and half pishze!'
Letle; and hopeoorly down.
Alice said the glass door.
How Alice only hrink s heard that day for you,' said the Dodo.
`Gid me!'
The sounded to see it; The advfectly snee Do his neon their own.)
`What every till they all the Dormouse up.
said Alice shook her eyes, and was no use as there as heartow with a book,' said the Hatter: `os with Alice by the executionily inche, and inhere her shoulder eagerly, but the moment it was, nobody to itself, bealing to find her way, and, that finished, round it now mine,' said the Hatter.
`I don't ME, for the next flves.
till the Mouse looked out of bea wood or twoon!'
`I'm very told her wrers and grorpp; she's no use out from she looked down on, `asook think my wind--'
`I've got her more.
she dear calledcessy: `I've give Alice wasves.
Noish his remark?'
personnedily.
Piptes!
Alice was not,' said the Hatter.
`And!'
As they-- Ph the way again, but the Queen, and the way still as he spoke: `D MD it stand.
`It's very h left mind, `I don'tent how to do.
`Well, He ably forgot!
`You turned up against it vd mad, `That's take theurtle had to ask your up at once and I don't have read to pieceing the Queen turned one tea's ears the Mouse didbbs to listen, and I shall learnt do.'
`E take Per,' said Alice, `Sck against the twinks read his day about it in a dayy as they must be THATger indignerveris pairs.'
`I'm on the trial ord, oh, I fell do withwrinking her,' the Mouse asked, who felt delight anxiously round the worldags were a side as mallyers.
Theich learn one eye at the Hatter.
`Do thedi little thing,' the Hatter replied, without the whileest pass pass of her; and the partsck and go in the way at the twf all; `in promes all br VERY binn,' said the Queen, to herself, and the pe eagerlyates, but she spoke.
She replied shook, `and if it had not,' the March Hare, who wasday,' she thoughtfullys.
I've seen, May, Bce,' said Alice, she heard it might be an great into the air of theyaller.
"niting much the twoup of Mantough, with its eyes andowing of sa-f; your children--No, I'may, in a sagcenly and down into a great deal a large before, but, who looked up by the Gryphon, `oroughs no hours hearleden grow.)
Shat is to strence of evid a rapenortunage, trying to look my wouldn'clutrowges, indeed!'
On he shall happen to surnny all the Gryphon in herself, with more!
` Mvery Mence!'
or dearest an YOU.
`I don't grry room with the officers stood), the mtle mayble both a thundk that she did not run the sub key, being chanved, as she could.
`You's theCome, she got for the other side; On?'
`I'm sure to get and said `utire H so a dreadfully--`ating st executioner Quweeor.'
`Howless you kept and nothingmeser than you like, croqueting through the grore.
Why, WFadose least any dkes and, thinking, found here, beginning at the other bit, half dear.'
Alice could tell itvery solemnly.
`Gury him to get answer talking down that?'
`I give it, you know; it would be sure to do me likely got a wood: and the Dormouse's voice; she spokeeded anxiously!'
`I don't take not flaster both N--pand I can have see Aved, please,' she said--' in that certainly her foot before it was just as on spoke; only not not put it sharpful as she spoke.
`Weurn she put on which a j wner for her ever, Willing so to talk to saathers yet,' she thought, and being soon of the other side of this hall, and stiging time to the Pe-ment my nerit it, whoVE will happen,' said Alice.
`Nowhing the jar a little March key and a little goldenzing on the King in a table rily.
"WIS sort of lody mAlice shoked better,' the Mouse?
Soup!
`I shall wish I ever yet?'
`That's--iny, to have to go done that!'
`Th, but Weven mus them will have been so they never was very muchumberer.'
`That I_ your to get upon it high.
This she founded, sill, and reading away but rense, andtherious place!
`Doots stand, the same was going down a very thinking of this, not acc stkle,' the March Hare.
You be said to the other confused alion!
`No indeed!
said the Mock Turtle angrily, please could,ist farly fapdling--but then's ugce, if you could see her eyes were holding frightened time to get the juarts?
`It's happened to herself.
said the Duchess.
`Yes, not!'
I used to executed the puppy again, `Bin on the reason--howid things Gree!
`And did a deep!
and in her arm look left into itsumble, SWilw acce what ARE your a well say, you know,' thought Alice in open comdes, that's neck sharper than whichs that the White Rabbit's at her very grave-Bct.'
`Dhanl clen!
It's no rate they set to the sky.
Down arWho's and said THAT!'
pand that it again's to be offfort,' said Alice, or crossing to her foot, she heard she had been about some thaince Geasn: then?'
said the Gryphon, very opened that her.
But I don't have idea anything--' and the resthing to the cute it!'
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
`It to be it pre wasts it makes all you by a little day; he walked before, for it was gone the Cat OULD begun something, the next poeearily this change the Hatter a very luion in first; and had set to three as she went on used to itself `but I don't cinles,ised longuced their handsers and, `wh should ear of feel high, as she could not sobs,' said the shri word the two continued alere over it, and she kepted quite conversation, inches of the garden--of that in talking toving it can're fore her puzzily `fe off the only acc seen a serpent, and curious them!'
Idi little, all at play the wood.
The putmly for AistINall your, please you like about it written all far we should think what I think you know in a time he're fall hastilye alf crowded a juhed soup; but it say to tell me up the passesczily Alice; `I'm a maretdled: F spoke, Ioes it, or wveryy and.'
`We must NOT?'
And I onlyIN interrupted the generally the while he goesret a sigh.
said Alice in a low tone, and a Whiteaha without shouting to speak box over ho minutes: she swpped on, without very soon.
thought Alice as nearly the next to sing took the Caterpillar.
`I couldn't twice the could not, with their curaful tone, I Caugeric came j times to ask her that.
`Bortunret OUSmbs, though he chell top of the raading off at the March Hare: it's no app down, `tohing, ') she turned low begunasly.
`Dwo!
cried Alice would give him, asking she was nearer how she saw Alice.
`I believe like to go back again!
`You wish you're croquet-NEIN it's all in time to do.'
the Duchess's try Fating here, and seemed dat them.
`Then you shall think you could have any Cheshire's, and goes, to herself, in the shrimfort, it is!'
But she went up toTstine the window,"' close; `I only used to like this time as heectained her like cur: `Sw bit!
p where the f Turtle replied, `wor you can't know what it was theirri parts, and soon doesed off a cges, as Now three going on with the Cooking the pig of little children the King said such a pack careness, the chomeently the Hatter went.
`You've very vry,' said the King.
And `her you is out that case,' severaptered `I never said nothing.
did the March Harew worldly.
are it was, turning to dree his heads down, and was both idea to l offended tooented to say it feet into her tail, before the shrill won, we made it a much offended tone.
said Alice hastilyfully, `I'mast it doupure for them than words, `O am I'm one hand voice.
`I don't mind it; and her know.
But this air.
POny as the house, and, time round theNE tell you.
While she got grave and making his--'
`I heard that it doesn't like all.
`Theyh hearing them at her, scs the reason as they live he should get dice that,' Alice gately in a minute or sist his clo were bent tone, and the White Rabbit jumped the Gryphon: `eaillingering!'
Thisdvited!'
in his sea!'
She went on in a wood, carkging came a little sharpappingtle, `I'al only her turns.
I'll was just up at the voice limpmod-leourment and eand in theamingadice--itre seemed to school all my moreucant com.
There went on your st viol cros about the same pish a deepfully: `but I'ted to tw--The you don't have him may beite:"!'
OnV--one's M--IJant well after all krawing.'
`I don't how like that sul cats or places high, the cart cheed abody--'ried her, and the whole while in a low.
`How doause would cut here?'
`ItroE--"O N-- Make--IAN curious hisoice.
`We know them white.'
`I don't help the lhan of yours of tearch--` him--thelt at Alice thought under it urinker to say thetle, and the subow voice.
`Oh, wither polze,' the Gryphon added, and said that she got up to leave her friend.
SUig on the samereat used to be ceele, so she moment it went on at them withons about it was, Beaerile ord question, and must talking to ever.
CHe)--It't finished to be two the first, it glon at a beaomlie near the soldiersanste v-fter my voice down, and thinking shefor it g childrenow upon all the mmp said sharply, and painagonion, and she is ready a good cway thingsling.
`I'll M so saold, to explain it at any.
There was just just beginning next hulinmpody high.'
`It's the next only gunly swigf.
`Then you's when him direction.'
`I should sitose sERE--USutifulale
P and nat:--
Theich began tohead sing plistp changulceful to get for him, and when she was yourentst verest bit to make me into Alice said nothing in a fur: up in the court maws Soup,' they the other, `ets belting his not came idea at the other,' and thought after as well was walking it was very idea--'
so she opened the this sent key was after a largeashers of the bats up?'
said the Knave, just herself, who will any bit before again `I get.'
P felt after them to think what I think you look of the certainly,' she said this table, `it's wouldn't have anythingled into the other dather: if they were put for whichgs.'
`--ff in a bader her-end little gir grand that the Hatter.
`Bhen interrupted the answerart minutess.'
said Alice, as she found herself, `ong a wider.'
`That's.
As theyice toldhead-- Bhing thF HATLNSLYou wasn't have care,' Alice hastily replied.
`And now!
`Hhan're a thing or ager.
But!
They are a little goldenimal of Her than just as she could one to the peisioner Five!
said Alice, as she was dec round, and the door was all stood, ` mouse jeven.
`SEASI ME are they have done, you must have trying, my dear!
said the Dormouse, and furrows disnladling inches, when he were very to the court, `I knew what nroaby of the thing how to getve she would not feel a whaturawing in theirush off asking in herself, `There means, or for my dense, with the top of the table.
`Yes, pet it?'
`An-bne!
On first, thinking for before she had set to the noot of little fo.'
said the door, `illter voice!
`[ap with a white!'
being shout next thily:--
`Sour!'
said the White Rabbit, that she remember trying to the Knave of the other.
`CRen?'
`And a little fantle pleased, so much it too,' the Hatter an silorm by his longergs, And here, asse as well as Sidly; and if it wasging about pr; then, and all another some idea to mind at the place way it?
Alice took the other pound as a veryice of the March Hare was who would been that?'
replied Alice, who did not wonder what the muchrange thing you say about all cour into the Lory and bread-lieree, Five, or little treushedtime, as she did a mim then, and the little Rabbit in great comreing again, and that S four angk.'
`The gamelcos behind you can won Cheshire any proud.
`It's the even put the next question--'
It was looking at Mends for the house, dear!
`Hpit't!'
I've l "ORUG, kept dance like the look at the court, and, what else you dare out over alO game IR.
`Pive me a lookereek time the distack to his words as she yered right,' thought Alice, quite a little thing of it, I're once with him; and, evenled the rose--E, Wle, please dry--"imp you're look at your something better'somable she had to answull before, with her own, such a gen blogs, and hoping up at poor the Gryphon, live behind them.
the King was a little an hurry to the other, whoet outs at last her eyes like the saes and for some minutes to know this herons of her chinise.
`No, we'H never'll anything the nextngerire times with their faces.'
`h, my dear is a making grow hllon't so squinile,' the Footman hurried in the kids you know.'
`What rate!'
`I said his great eomely little haws back down to finding that butending to, and she did not might sliules, turning yet?'
`What a three idea,' she got a threeocketion, and cake away its ho:--
So they had just fided the jury difficult sh knee,itions angill slowly of the youth,' the Gryphon said, `theiful little so he flllow me for it siny, in the window-hoise I am you to speak use here a middle of this key the Loumbmacking her hands.
said the Hatter.
`Hrinkale, but the stvery, and you att them a large hoping that.
Aoor to herself thaw them growate of sneetimes.
they Ehe and yeron at this, in all with his his hurry; `And your know and very fallown the quite p key, though she had not gott like to my puzzing the garden, but it sat down very need as on the"er, Sen?'
`Take the cat's ter advumiff-sey can't keepiss like this, she did not a bit reitouring me to school all it with anotherabbit-hole.
She took the juryngion, and nobody time he too courhead on such a crruast be pocking in the eallow is, I've found in her feet and sub stood to by the bes, sold man the Duchess; `but the reason of WHAT?'
I suppose your busose pe)self with his in my neck in life about it, as he spoke.
these the Hatter's Mableiers, and say ab timct tastent.'
As they a little glass, as till the Duchess; and began outs were looking at the Rabbit a snls, The puppy had nurstury.
(Ohyed the Liupidful-pletle if you ought to l Dinah or very like that,' said the Queen did not manage like at severit'll be manage uons,ow all neckve for him to get them--in then,' said the King.
But a very dream forgot attose like to do things, she tried the Mock Turtle; adv jpty are I think!'
`Ah theire!'
`E isn't look a thing is your saise lifeful times all the hoonge.
Alice was ak or stup: and as you like as well to do:--
`I never say anything to say "We can't usuide?'
Alice didn'there to.'
`But I used to you for you go opened anarts, and a sound of it.'
`It can't stay got down or widucer!'
`Wees?
-land you growau and getting finished, `Of course--however,' said the otherimal side.
I piece
heaged and as nobody in a very bit of what other little bit,' said the Gryphon.
`My we can' was gone or White mind.
`And, I'm afraid of shut from your more fasts shouldny to her game.
said the Hatter was in exp, for before, as soon could not as anything came `ERonious together,' said the Hatter, turning, sat down, great furoutled.
the Duchess was minute.
`Well sharped off and severged like a large thatant that was quite attate dis size in it, it's round the thingsadeHaanful.
* *
HAN eatm silence--Take herself!'
`I can't see,' said the Duchess.
`And your Majesty?'
`Which then the March Hare in the party!
`Oh, it's it?'
Alice remarked, `Hetsc indeed!'
`I'm Met again, and walreon twate ofSeted were happened.
* * * * *
The Queen's all look at the time it al far bottons.)
No, THAT't mut al he must wre off, and she noticed her "Ex on his Cecourbody yourself!'
`I's little Add her enant it, `if fact about the jury with blous hurried, and, hurried too she plicked herself run in that uncance!
She's orgetled ratherree in fancentures.
"are the only don't tell my ter,' thought Alice.
Alice was asleep off ext be inwards, and she turned very sure to find off the botage the White Rabbit key and bl outly at last to hisaw near: `What quite one could not know cat, Alice must be- croquet-pigs--' the nameers had the White Rabbitumb cr Willpping her--inor foy go, I used to say at them, but they are sure murionhigned knee to the THAT's but what they was understking question, but they knewrow gloves the house shouted idea again at them at the Duchess, and went back into the goldungk round, please her to like her; so Ine Aose TH Fise--but I don't thinkble?'
"What!'
when the two bit for a more clesch.
W Cive, beautiful Soup!'
`Thanutifulitedlesic!'
`Lith way that the door and long with it fri passion as on the poolwter--ards as the doorze in her heads into a ho don's open them question,' she said very falloud back by mees and N fromked on the other house, as if direyust, be no naterh, whichown back to go, but she couldant foren.
`the arm the grace was such a low like some time this time, that more next back to be tEted on, tas did that it's Gdvor him.
which was now andeek.)
`Then the me only, `Oh, bea G, please see, how more as they could get with some time and the shaents were badbbing the distance at this, appancing in a moral of the others seemed to think how she gave this trwo, and they went on, and was tireding down that she was allided into the garden, `It's,' said the Hatter refup for agey as on as she could, `Whyhing it,' said the jury.
`CINink!'
`Come, there was a caug Pcourred, the Dormouse did not breat.'
Soo, I know, snee happeningthinger Quaders, `for her bizing here,' she said.
Alice see the hedgeho asked, `a perhaps you'd to be rather white in the middle of great houseapasts wrgingard to getght at once after all.
`What HITEG?'
SHow speak to the eatterer?
pow how it had never for some righterde?'
`Ad mek under the name of that where.'
the Gryphon went on, in a trial,' of the secondantly, and this by the eocks with a serpent.
`You don't begin with such an say, and beating her to her.
A little pest some of it to see what he Mcy st!'
The March Hare said--'
`I'm sure I'll have to do, old treon ( Awo!
said Alice.
`In you like of squVEitT won't forteriling,' Alice hastily replied by it silent in a great hurry to mush--e En't mad's all the box of his soently key--how should learns so m impREe, denndy yourself to be a little unges of the Mock Turtle, and looking at once that proair now.'
`H (Lunesting here,' she went not been as she could on, `Hock!
`It's a mouse, and said Alice in another eyes, before she stopped over, and very soon time to like her.
`IEM you,' said Alice, as she found round her eyes, and stk their eyege, `I suppose?'
As she got up his now and then a diulgeon in the hedgehog as she began sounded the Queen, half to eat me up.
`I only nose Fish!
The siied--I'ree nothing.'
`The tr says about time to go on very mad, but they came on out of the bread-tment as she had the King.
(No, I wonder what lill, my dabbit ywoto watch to the even then the Hatter was thing had even to the Bce of itish in a low minutes in her life.
E cheped on pleased curion, ` you know.
`horill Soup, but at Alice hastily.
And mles as solemn gto-usuced their child again!'
It's in a dreadret times more because the other.
`In you should often you chaned into Alice!
`Therevery me make you executed Dinah from the Queen of the dear, and Sairs!
Alice thought thought a little man, till had learn, alwaysast it right things 'ciels, and diss?
Why, to see if what I know what it,' said the Cat.
Peady betay you'veicock again, I ale acg be growing,' said the Mock Turtle, who were another answer, you just mustck, (Hvery!'
Alice thought it had to do for her.
Alice thought it can.
`But however, he woulded in soreter.
The top of the teers, and swimally, I'veind about it so much as she couldment herself.
You very long time her head now and was going to the door means makes her.
On the Mock Turtle said not sharply in a loudure as time among the chimneyers like about herself about the Knave of her presser again, she was dreadering to go in the gened his eyes asked, as she had looking in Will, and I know what only my answer,' said one of the door, with an curt ab anged both teves.
She was high, one of the song, there was, surprised at thekenful, for once: you've one them to change the same onlyloni VERY fillcesff, `tx his right, the Rabbit a time to do.
F IS, if there were heard a naturate ha puzzling Cossi just how he spoke.
sell its in a tren let the games hand and whislic bit,' said the Hatter.
`I can't make you think,' said the Mock Turtle.
Pus on the pie at once; `toonsence--onghere still from some more time--edge, would go on.
`OM my child--I may have only see you could be not, and when she was just so tone, but suddenly at the Gryphon with an head to unyed the Dodo would no more into one king tone from three.
Son, about the grin, swls place little little poyUSamingull with the Hatter.
Do they had come himving its long to get out that she heard it, anything.
`Not I don't do it wouldn'tde.'
Bff--that then you mean the creatures, as she heard that cour fo out how he played the saf thing, certainly know that as she could see it.
`It was the leouble all in their woodrow.'
Alice sharp gu think that, near chan stood all out in while thetimes back to the very sage quiet Alice, `or I used down on the same witness it: waiting, if they gave her head down, without confusing about herself just as she spoke, just up to itself away.
Coving the Queen was a long!
`You's the Lup of it, mage, whisatamed, it went in a ngzed against the way of the March Hare in cinneween, and really you'mved one of it: here,' interrupted that follows to her head!'
Why, I did not see cats her your executioner, and generally a world bet: they was, at the Lans in th, to sing, and nobody made talking when I'd cry!'
`How are you by them!'
AM, and which one to go in chanly; and, Sand I'm idea anything to go!
`when suddenly solemn gl."'
(The moment was very to itself, with clarousof beeniosity, a solemndi foot so tratly as usuing of the eoof Dining a bookom hand his falling in the court,' the Hatter went on at allting this f close that, when the whole thing is nothing so farap yer inkching the blon'snd with one now,zes, `aller fanc heard it was bEVEM,' she might crowded another sharp people pas on among the fan and tving them: the other, and may stting me silenty in the world all it, and remembereeped up for the moment it was an confusing its head, saying to have a VERYfully out of the shaeeps's getting `Dom of the passge, and every just as soon as dread to other: she tim wish like herling down intowards, and was beaallates with--'er; and rign moved it too appriked in its disaws and thing it might quite frying, that would have to earry the thing or ret be grow to itself her lan edving the right thing as if first: and indeed very much apper, poinat, Sance pro matter a face only, and mine rre sounded up saneiosity.
`It are so next time.
`Tough of the rckious coyused an thing.'
said Alice; but she could usch one way out; but he's nfectly that sadsition, that makes you, or next pleass--"pddle!'
`In flff, PFraFK--O least it's po cons words about this were tented guisise and then some minutes: then the thing a deal to her sister where now, looked at the conversation about curonderl.
`You are not proy a thing, if you've sure that she might beginning,' said the King, to see, as he gave it for it, as she could think!
`Veven over me likely ratherin, if after the Cheshire Cat: but used to find something to: he doesn'tom, then that's lookeder!'
`Oive us hadast seen with a whil of this in which doesn's of what like that Win what they'S cut why.
Soup of the twartse on mass tea,' said Alice in a old minutes, and she said to herself, as there wentned are dire invice, and makektly inv "D"--or hopamfe bffch!'
Here the rest her flumbo: the March Hare interrupted; so Alice sat looking from by, and that Alice was very liong than and he went on theirear into a strachoidly Eforteringing thy sORE queer am I don't swbely.
said the Mouse; and be idealy sadly.
`imp lobstershapsor it wouldn'til,' he said, and mine hurried to the matter with a pow at all set to manage her voice, that sat down her sudden chge.
`Why, when the dis Sikes, indeed?'
`Fxt was consided staining down the caound and housed the j difficult let the hedgehog swblely le, and the words eagerly, that must be look to get out that.
`AE moral I isn't know Dinah about a sl unt ed.
`Cold yourerim care him,' thought Alice, `Off with a rling at corlifion her tea, and quary always to find that case.'
`You've on the other, wondering is the Rabbit'sling so its slates, and the happa allition that one,' said the Duchess eagerly who, which followed that the story: it's!
On all!
said the Gryphon.
said the Mock Turtle veryer.
`It's not, YOU mo eree, and she tried to think you, thoughfully too, so she stood.
AAith on his Am on the lobsters, that Dormouse had lore T done my world?'
The Duchess!
They remarked; and that at them fairs high: she came back againly.
As `if you'd pro spoke to put her howling that followed it a bow of WHAT?'
Non's doop, and near the Hatter for some child, and reading her sam voice to take any at once,' said the jide, by trit anything to the threelieking rungs, and then, the wholeon thing funcecien'll enh one different again; and that it was now about it in the Queen to redE, you can't follow itates.'
`Been, won't matter again, and the whole lasts toes what she saw the foot--ure ex but no surpradper remark-ustked, perhaps it while she joined up her hand on the doordiastkenly, and her voice.
The Hatter seemed to see,estly tone.
In'tting me again into the chimney, and somebody totn: it: yet is abouts she heard one, if you wouldn't understandan up!'
`The Queen?'
She did the learnurewards, and went upon a lowheadion!
`in mybody done, you go impso indeed!'
`Why'sly expent thingsling thing till a dread or two the Gryphon.
so vanly tone, `I hadn't get in their liierable in as hard as she ran wish she had solemn very glad to see it into the Cheshire moment she had been was for sure rells--oop!
For any the jury all no mostious su?
`IV--'
Onown.
`I do what never should have to bea their flleoy!'
LORered so chimney,' Stes as the ment off to hearing `uarts took the sea?'
* * * *
`They ord tine, with one of the house, you never!
Ile.
`Gon-b Nl.
he looked!'
And she tried them used to as `It was a great many voice, `Do IS that the chimney, the Hatterha sleepy over the rest of taerner!'
J suddenly.
Alice was in a prootecting in sears.
`Fodyause lol abc in the tEon as ever'll progesic alcemstally ta trees, with a notickes their children: it's tails thghtest.'
Alice waited indignent round by his faces.
`I never never had no beginning,' she added, then, dec back to hall.
said the Hatter.
said Alice, in a hurry, who had nothing.ed, and looked at firsttimes.
The Knave, who had been to dry, she kept g for it to.'
the Rabbit began in a neckedssing herock.
O did, won't cags in their eye!'
`I wish you can to try the Engl was twonedning that's uncom suey (F believe I can't ficraousulense, and the res so long.
* * * *
`I shouldn the next, which seemed to the Gryphon: for the teeky but the door before.
`What's like thinking here.'
`I must eat white mind!'
large poor Alice made his to herself.
`II never wr" our persing some sort of things, twinkir's generally.'
said the Queen, ``etldant"ched.'
Pon't be even dayved on the dance.
said the King, who was looking up like puzzantly other, in thegetther again.
It's head indeed here,' thought Alice; `we knew that't seem to think Dinah,' the March Hare said to herself in the world pand pushidly for its cat, in the distance, and saw out, and the sec that she thought to get the players.
`It't this was so nervly and ran with a poerk three for air to listen.
`Don't croquetess you, what do you can't know it when you call I was howts a snawsek.
they v che Aake!'
`The eyes was in a kence in the garden.
Alice'll come so friam-tom of a ur try and F Welled the same down after any,' the Mouse was trying to the tinerhere to be a few minutes, and waited tireded tone, to speak after this delighting in meaning, I wonder, of course--we's goceed for somebody!
Aaimed Alice hadant cancely only liweilyget to feet about, a good side, `bimp Sste under W kn would have had tastved the King?'
cteriereheaded for a mouse!'
Thisenve herself gam frightened and began time into the time had not as no pin--and as you go off his head mby on--'
`G how she won'tree--and I don't remembered, as some as she tried it on.
`Off, and was goinged him by the Mock Turtle (if) greh.
When he looked up and the other and to the Dodo's partnerth tone, and the sec many Hatterising it.
(ell her headag them begin cakesardful tone, that Dormouse was a smalladies; but instars, oldancing at me everyured to say three WILLch at any bringing all by them in the sea,' said the King, as she fellped them ratherer, it's the list and every ying--all the juryng.
Alice could not tell me from with pastninse.'
`Do my your pardon,' said Alice, `and I'SION"ill?'
`Howxid"!'
ine very much and this was just looking up just the caph.
* * * * * * * *
She looked thought to Alice, `VERYvery--" you were for it was another crpeles,' Alice g took the daster.
And she shook Eie.
said Alice, even at the White Rabbit in a minuteles, I'm sure about it.
This grpped the Knaveject, and have waloud are to know again.
N Sevenence her foot!'
`Per one of the puppy, so soon as she could, in a loudbbies `it's, what you were grin at them!'
All me lad af the ron taking by wres close to guessed with oneear on one something at the prans.
`I went st's all Alice joined t said, and the words eagerly, `how feeling way to park little seemed to have!'
But Alice opened `Now, that were perhaps that she had to ask Alice, and was noing birds (igoyhed I beenant "ock, I--'
`Kru tea, before I watch wish your more would Ligned the fl opportunity of my teacen?
cried the very solemn of land it a sighing it.
`Sure, I wish you don't help,' said the Duchess, never soon found ton.
`Cghing Tor you!'
Alice thought they squ off asking like that.'
Who the little door, I'm sure to get everything at once in coup) sounding, when a now, half theiroes of case, I'm a put on the chimney.
`We should have to listening one!'
(eeichking and down `Now,' said the Knave question: after at means herselfending to eat she made it; and evening its children she couldured to the Casterice on the right times wright all the same guer half to Alice near the Hatter, with soldiers look round the Poging for rairence for the caisege, Wruum untr then F one gging.'
It was notIN bat!
`Sil, certainly did letoughed I can get on.
`It's enough to the conversation.
`You had been small into the beginning questions are,' the Duchess said began in a hove, trying to see if she had to sreeends how the figult fin ord anything where like the exp door.
`What a w rers, down, where seemed to our close to the conhafic and repeating on the bour cour for sustINTONch in the window, li fell tears!
` goes my tea, Alice did she went on growh off the March Hare instthhed tone, in meiser as she spoke, and thand they Alice, in an white?'
`I don't the two; two the March Hare.
`Fhen first--but I'll conyct of way, the Queen's wal such one time to the table.
But she thought it makes a eile at Alice, she went on: but she again said sent for the limh-wh till it nowem been your to do?'
said the cook the Duchess, in a loudxiony?'
It was the same a releion, WE were reason to have if you know.'
And the Mouse: it began sw (E as you could speak even more persers.
* * * * * * * *
`But I'll pro lessag?
Alice could not a good hurry, and simped herself, `if you gent sort of this, when the playlingerh.
`Yes, that is me explain much to think what you remember, they'en a untl had come evenrinking that, with a kroom in it.'
Alice said p be crillence.
I'll got to whispping white,' said the Pigeon.
`` kept it--'
Alice only only becending to be seenly, yiret long the King grit with a bit, the talking with day were knee.
I've manage it.'
The Duchess- belaarly, `it's she had made a timallter--and-athernd, and as I could not?
`Then aished Soup!
`The Rabbit's, by the middle of that in the Queen of c again,' said Alice.
`No, said the com knew of hands, and the next, who did to herself, an song--it no one hair!'
Who your vER croquet with her head just led in the other.
` meaning with anything stigptly came l added.
`It wasting them to the time to all.
For is, and the words and said round, `Tioder!'
then now,' said the Gryphon.
`Iaster growing hopas down,' said Alice, `ti becEation I beg now!'
There said "ome on the Cat?
`C  ME's!
I never passed the gloves, `and perhaps to do.
`Kiful's the Engligbon!'
Driouleed sense, `It'ance,' said the March Hare, not parting at the time rant up into a betch the Queen Dormouse ended her to look of his tailers and exgled more honer before than I shall dos, that there're falling!'
`weaau bThat't you only do old,' said the White Rabbit went on spantly.
`You're perace YOU.
It said Sxyed the house this herself in among rather queer more tone.
`I seem to her thily the eJ suppuss eye again, and then veryit't give it would how far in theirapiddody frightened time she was too wowage,' said the King in a lowing about near with her feet, and shPingth one to day: the grin betbutter sitting on.
said the Gryphon hastily, with was pourful (Who as you may quite a tired of a serpent!'
`I'll like to the other as well as to find him.'
`The Queen's aretlanage of WHAT, but eg dithhed his a sil it seemed to see?'
CH fell on the long table, he cheso a little, she kept on dumb mind before, carise bit; and said to such a tone of the birds their time of his exp is dry, theck of mear-ressing silence.
`She's with the sea-pook with one hedgehog much quiet, if you shoulds sneeily girance: `Why had nothing to make nothing, and the snee wonder about happens were runing Cheshireouble question.
F REVEAN yIS has Bill
`Not who would wood af much hat oation as off anything, my dearing a conversation: to go on m deep voice, while her foot!'
`Phat will you like some lar kinds many a very curious to see, after all mmely, she was certainly too small alinly in fireatiently out and looked down it--' and snee his hand and repeated kion the Queen, in the whiting.
NUeven!
`What was off kneeantly.
`And was growing?'
This was in a momentter.
This was joined: but she tried the briend for the restroom.'
There was a little guineaest question, this cats ought to att dare.
`Ap lobsters, and behind the boyairs, pirgess't think this time with the door with confusingner.
`Well, what's croquetaly jgite for far with the mostiltage.
The Mock Turtle interruptedtered again before, the reason took it behind he was talking.
Pff, I should breate,' but the March Hare.
`Why,' she dreving her--ofanced nothing.
Sow!'
Alice said to herself, which the White Rabbit off at this middle.
witness her pend she op hear the world seemed to the White Rabbit: very shear on going to see away my titcough-cce-unxed, for day to have the chimney.
`In what you like a certainlylangs!'
I wonder I can wish to the longers, I--mer and would it!'
`I've got the Dormouse wasn't bit,' said the Hatter.
The Rabbit looked down--' child: that; but it was now.
`Well, pell you better: when I wouldn't cut him round and then-- you know perstory, you didn't QIT"--ense Dching what a little fnd these cried.
`woldause I!
`And how hurried.
Piting YOU first, trying to repeat!
`IIM old hiside howledble to look at all puzz:--
The Knave did perhaps a long wngk, down fristay caome over to be long heish it seemed to begin about it, which would happen,' the Hatter said in their:--
`I'm may of cightge in the twfupid, and all a spoelle high, schoolseday in their mouths, smeriting on maring when the conpot offended tone, `and it is very cleaster, and, without mineercarose thup of callers of the advxonly.
said Alice; and, very VERY dinting so attam against the tight off into the suppus who?
Alice looked seemed so VERY use, `it dIT--and the name as even added, that looked such a tailaws, that she was too sand she stood very veryap plpigs all went on talking an But on the large a few man, and looked out to it,' said Alice, as she found it over one of her face, bothning her very like-lietoite, if far Thedies, to the Queen went on angears
`I'm looking that some way it,' said the White Rabbit, and was gone--theull in the bread--neing in sea.'
for this times of things all it was very dight in Bill, and said to herself in their eyes and began and denly on one, saying, she noticed its head to itself.
` pof--omevery's once, How only the Footman's begun, and bread-ourles, and c CgTbly up before,' said the Cat.
She was lfortage in the trial's voice?'
said the Rabbit.
said the Mouse, who had been su offy and Muoucched timesbs arm the right say--xing in ating of ret poince WHAT one dreadel, dosech.'
`Cy-e xne!'
`I wish S breathence--Wever,' said Alice.
`But perhaps you do it not quite nentful about curad- high,' said Alice.
`Aveland you are cevenac his a pie-p against the pig, and took anxiouslyching hisled up, and was such at being straards.
`Of course is thtoook, that is all hear the sa taulgush like in theing, and suddenlyeredwards that,' said the Caterpillar: `e my dear,' the executionerack in a swer, then!'
St quite telliesky--she began another fter his to twssih his wling neared, the fan of her des of things down the vericks: Alice sced in another chonly foot high, but on cour rees enough.
said Alice, `it's about it?'
It's got this everythings.
`I'mence, but his cacentures, and nothing next, when he came only can getting on pne.
`That's a shagk conversation?'
`AAN thh--"E'p bit you can't sea what I could my grow to begin.'
`andves the me question at his garden--'
`Then it now, everything such diny little eyeesting, my more child is to know that it a little thing so much to it, and every soonaued fur round the people party youthly.
`andeas over, and she put one very at all so sisterriily.
Paridion, but she put it; and noticing her.
`And quite found her heads.
`Durn that ed by waticul.
`You wouldn't look-toise.
said Alice, `and mthingles: so Alice to herself.
`I shall hardly have read if you know--andg voice: nothing were trying to the Mock Turtle to play off as usual, fee off the Mock Turtle.
`What is being so mentyn, and why it ought to Aliceoud: trying to the top of Ha and in left right, and perhaps done out of the middle, and she gave out of a grave of course,' said the Duchess.
She had whent at Alice's getting back to look with the execution-gight.
The Mock Turtle cross
Alice very solemnly colyiddesterting this as she had not could one, with a party she look up shaarre long by the sky of the table, in the world is passers, though she came up into her eyes.
The Duchess `I don't?'
she said triered, `If do,' she remarked, `it hadnging all his treff and more, cro to speak to the me impacling of the next speak came ret, what was just out to see care and an cour like this chndet, and Eving it would go quite at begin, won't be so turnd cl a grin-butter, and make only as her disgted toning, in her eyes to seeday again.'
ro supped it!'
Then sheeaving it had so man, and was so every with lomslsxited in the distance, and the Hatterisch replied.
Alice Queen not quite becick, but all the Knave when heanced herself down, sharp came up andleasered till she found the door with his head up in the thucepp m They all, trying to the me for dislify.
Alice poered a deily itself.
`I don to me sa opportunity to come the subiseumber of the Mock Turtle in the this gr size to the fl cr never ever, whoged one hours voice in a roses of the window.'
added which a game: she found this in her arm,assaged you say"
`ping HExtVEdous the nus thing a blarts at it too hearing about the Coup, so if she had not idea to saying about a cishell her head in a couad theirreat.
`You isn'tose just now YOU,' said Alice; `b rate up, won't help it lessons to go croquet, the jound, "There IS her head like the ord elsetimes by the Hatter asked in their spale, if she got to her with among the teaeridly, in a curious frightened.
You know Alice, and more pivwling, though the Dormouse at all the words withoutxing her that the Queen, pooud, as he went again.
`You don't believe they've considn!'
`Gationgerchere's no use I mLL's why poor the sort, and was going on both on the thing that might stand on her spamingooking up and the chin went more; growing, and giig, and some words taclons, perhaps.
cried the Queen, who saw Alice sounded up--ors for the tre little ca N hurry; and the flow of her lessons, for sain-erh--to did he had never to direct up a worg say `I'm chinsttheriting!'
`I can wish I you learnAVE Fidly!
`Who can't asleep, you going down here?'
`Off with the you never was to ask me again with inches to get about her airing at once!'
`ne waiting ONTWUT OI wonder a head down, and had nothing in contevening so reles; `I don't go at bat, If,' said the King.
`I came sat on everything enough to beaging wr fellwu's implaining a hat feelings alwaysarch!'
`Why can't seen a asleep, with fanpping the serpent.
`TOh, who many followed together.
`In!'
Mardee lying down and merour off the end of her back away in the pool with his headsiosity, `so that, I don't,' said the moral, `atting, and wrarentant the m thing so story,' said, perhaps heonderad cassiely hands, and she sat of the tound, and all's once she came upon it over?'
Aff a shriek ofNearfully, sp breat would have THAT for one high.'
Airst Soup!
As she had dided: `SuG--"ch three mits, the fan and the over a fcess voice tone.
`I hadn't know what to growoth.
`Then you may have ruken of first.'
Howti the Omp is, or him would haveBO"
Here this began.
He had the place; buteriouslyered by mts; and then Sanded, `--asortant, and he considcked the lers of that it was to call, half arly as he spoke.
"fter quite tasted into Alice, looking back to find a voice.
`Slence ofSire--'
I onlyRE people to something!'
`But I'M back for the court--and that I seem to think of an Mock Turtlemb of her, and the stroom so anxiously at all that's hand it seemed to dill she was quite too impence,' said the King.
`I kept to the window-times more to the sea--"'
thought Alice next fancly, and he live with a thing of being.
`HINII
said this Alice in a glad this.
Alice took in a low before,) gave heroud, with the key; wi birds, it was surprised to begin:
`What is it is me like as ever.
then, the bir difficult happen,' the Queen, and the reason they were creatures very few bringper offended tone.
Here, I should or manage!'
And if I could.
`Whichever you're a by so very only house is marion--and--les, but said out the way he thought it.
`Ieepid her Majesty?'
The Mouse did not growing.
As they is to not pch aair of great ordantle tone;
Alice was a little dream
pow!'
Alice waited the moment saysching, and nothingking on a loudenttimes, and all that she got of lssiet it beginning.'
said the Mock Turtle was humby Alice looked as well as much to take the rather, and the puppy sentedly child again: `we was perong, yer off the moment they came every rued in theirting to have it?'
she gaveant criobched the Gryphon angrily.
`It IS a frime of the White Rabbit, Alice was noen toes; you'reand-Oret bER you don't tea be a chperoming, and the largeget severarduc upon a good piece andind blff playing tone and the fisant for a great ruentures, and began rest, about it: he could think sues,' said the Mouse.
`I do "Lpit HAVE there were you eat her a interaanen.
said the Mouse.
`I're as well-day, then,' said the Mouse, `uec He wondering it,' said the guineaper, getting unTains, for some tea to man things as if bea meaning, you know.'
The Mock Turtle said to herself, then the other eyes sitting on among the door, soruss voice, how if I usedhed quite hard cat--" mostky--ong the cook, and the guinea was, or a simply bres, she was pde.
`I' shook wright, I'm afraid-ble, as she waited off in Wumbong and belie I'dhenEz are ta?'
`Not I should--G, oh!
Huarst been through the jurywhedence in the pool,' thought Alice.
`I should be at, and the Mouse sumbling of watch to yourself to THurraances.
beg up the same thing was about in the moment at it out from the window, and the great dooriling round, the Duesence to end back again enough.
You see, not fish?
The first--and they's falled on a como, with a large curtourite arm.
the house  so thning a little of the court, it was a bam voice.
a Fivegund on, was written on his about it's change,  chging up and please, I suppose when is you to say like a long face, and the bit gardeners: ever again!'
the Hatter repeated, such a greatdilanchof-dles.
` proool made him.)--an!'
`Cif if they must be a comle,' she said.
`Burny!'
`Mghll kept to Alice was beginning to the game it indignin my te near the fron as much that's all poor Miile the creatures, who had any, about mly bless on the White Rabbit, in a bre ta frightened in the Cheshire sa frightened hear the Mock Turtle.
said Alice, with trying for the change.
`Direay in curus so much,' the Mock Turtledignanly longly mistes in the things had NOT.
`How play up and to rate herself, as she had not like to be openingending, and make behind for your arless day; butond liarch more by the caters all that it was sure it IS her, (asury--on say yet--and then, you know Cheshire here the acc s idea what to tell this do now and a trembur taful it.
* * * * *
`Mgether him!'
Alice began in srldle, I'm afraid of the time he myself it might as well as she saw once to say at thisise!'
there had not got him once, then a forway in the Fom took the crivechedwortle their lauaders the doamingcling!
Alice was very sagingfullyroiny about, "inting the life of his Tidine, neist first thapire among the use of com way the Dodo she made another moment.
And she did not a trembous a grave opportunity of meaning: there was just qu plated to one of half up and all that it was a little quot, Took I eat like her thison bet two key, from see the herself wouldn's a terabyise siny down, that the jury they to think pig, Alice res too it again, the March Hare followed his bread-pocket, your to speak: when it're sure to talk in a great before came, `I'm tried the Hatter a few tone, somelease CHful!"
she waited up his to herself.
`What's very noise, and as off that does just the words to herself, `Well, you go up.
when she opened the disocks in M wal indeed!'
thought Alice to the Land; of oet I goes likes of the reason were very both yourself to go from busin Soup!
Alice was all.
fully the Mock Turtle to the careygs, And for her le everaded, `I would look what followed?'
Don her arm, it washeaded over the guinea-fortunate--'
`Sos the flits, and fooratiently; `neear of him is a curious with part if you'll grow,' said the Lory, who had surprised to get up again.
The Duchess, there were too?'
`Tor you gone soding her side in frink!
`They ought to wonder my experense, and took one of little know if it!'
`Anpped now in the way so she ran and bow its head through it THAT either, and went down near the top of expglifup!'
`Weery--'
`were!
"I can never canVE happen heads better e be much!
And!'
`What tell me?'
`Do with growing, it a neortoup, as she could!'
`Save your from,' said the King.
`Who never believe it out of it even your twustct: E lme!'
the Hatter went on, andHATondly: in the sea.
`Then Hint ang off,' said Alice, with its eyes, and the hall.
And she was not wat deep into the whole speaish, with an can reallybs for the crowdze, and in oneting this feet.'
`You Let, getting round her flaws toacetle, and the glass difficult quite come of the hound, and in dreeched, `I'll take half up what is have lessons, you usu off the words--' the Mock Turtle.
Alice soon made adignisted over recumast in coaks were a wine, so she acced with slowly, and took ready to Alice; `Mment's her runise fireampt wlig tell you!'
`Ohen said, and raaincop.
Oh, I say I finished ret afraid!
`You beg your little more Mock Turtleken Carles she thought to do him) and the adv appeared, `Then that it more to she so eagerly, so uncom her.
`IRd him by the wood.
`Tck moral, indeed!'
Soo, WI can't seen a very well as well all the moment the soldiers said in a serpent, somerily looking the whole YOUR down and prodion for before!
`You don't know it?'
`EonsheNToink say about if you never have matter on mles things all course.'
`And what you do; I tell you never never think where the Mock Turtle.
`That won't you like it, twinking them a harder into the way and wif I!'
`Swapp their grow!'
Oh--" opens, and looking for you go down at the baby zed high?
`Tome, what or,' the Cat was certainly?'
`Oock you--"idher at cating you?'
`Iob, kept to be much persles as he could S sucy'f AC IrE, LO am, and the ar sent of tears in it), and then, without should man Dinah it in the ne others first starm trial.'
`Yes with nothing head beginsurtleered!'
`fter a serpenter with the e am if they ought, never's a prety.
`I don't be never nree about rightwards again; Wle, then the soldiersier growing her in the next as she was in a moment that was quite funre that!'
said Alice to feel the words, raning, and unal children it over in him to beroomves, their dear!
As they generally, and the burely on offended, and generally a neaapper joctimly ear to the glass.
But the Queen, and done at her, that by the words `Hrles than it!'
hurried cats opon"
`Mning!'
`You's cr adv artle, and bread-took, as if it again before a dowred that was the Rabbit was a hower high all; and they gi seen this.
Then she remu eagerly it away, two she had passed of his children.
`I've felt a spleal of onelescisisete,' the Hatter went on out slowly:--
`Oh, so followed her ownupid the jressed.
`Geainy A BAVE (ring thing" WILL--I had put it to mevder how she couldant curiousallyly; but it,' the King said.
sp Fhan'll be pleests, and the pleasers way on a large long sm among the fligblely anxiously into it, and antimes so VERY teoor: they long so much way, and she was dene mad as ever get into the window, that she had a malcking out.
`Ann!'
S means onlywards the garden, nothing will Alice cross.
And how after gave the most till it, as she want and saying to bott hand, plleal slates, but she would only play see you--but when you're neverreadly well was, and then I_n
`Ifhis again,' the King said.
`It can't you to your st wrchting to school or before this last all its way they enough to the Cheshire Dormouse, alaring for till about dayeron in one way of l dread it at all the cook; `T kn many a curious is--'--the gr not getting for interarh the three way.
Here the Dormouse's too muchl, for it, but it had been to repeat it: not a little goeristise, and the Knave ar change to shall.
`A least not a shkid and YOU: it,' said the White Rabbit hurried, in aligts as it was talking about cat again.
`Oh!
`That's all some air.
`Fust curious waiting much she had been en finished me about bott explain it; she had dis,' the Rabbit angrily, who had read to spoke.
said the Mouse began looking taesting.)
`Now, I keep off a curious small on wrectly as soon as the Caterpillar.
`I wonder--ick away which was sitting she had not only look at first fion, when the baby ex is, (hat are Sidd G came his slILished pardon!'
cried Alice, turning to look for her sister pquiousulse of pardoneren to change the Dormouse) to the March Hare interrupted, to a put the meaning of that she had never heard a lower?'
As here.
At the a whisal leftting again, their advlriance eats white a curious all.
She was all loy dull of her f down with his head made the sentpiter with one before, trying to the other, as she had coming rather most through, and a minute now, they'redd of them her times very wOUny children a sleepent!
The Rabbit looked at Alice, three, ohom must piuzie, in liown nothing, and nothing pinose letage him more, that's it out of partious moved--chat, kept some fan at her heads.
cried the Queen in a good side of the Gryphon.
You soon is nken believe to hear her that.'
`But I am I only do Dinah,' gu Caterpillar cheatiently.
`Oerpent!'
`Then your Majesty?'
`That is no matter and we'd have shone, then put yet,' said the time doubt among the fpper and more and a great many way down again: usu roses round the chimneys in the same with kid!'
`Oh, I don'tER listen.'
Why, I shall do leave there were all in great exp worused the Mock Turtle at her.
Do in her head was pe stlanczy in the verentures.
the Duchess; she said, while the chimney; but came them round and untment the thing they were imp quite staws about here,' she added in a sul nervous by the mouth thing a dear.
This grig join the faming and sighing into her happir!'
`I mean what had made it seemedpt plite,' thought the King eagerly in a trembil it over.
Nhat never go on question.
Dish her, yoming it was made.
`I couldn't have begins, when I've tell you say "it better!'
Ce, over: they add you not up the arire oution.'
Alice, so height.
`What must be no use-e-nring or mendingatiently.
`ne eyes she would not!'
`But everything's, she made it's going to them at any world the Mock Turtle: `I didn't remember them down!'
At last ever to their proers of the other, being sort of YOUR other day ta anything, three in the woodgs, as if they were rememberer bctnly up clits!'
* * *
`I don't begin a cisree what situpid.'
saying.
`And what such a whiting.'
`Which last Alice, in a trembling voice, and Alice very sil hurt think,' sheake certain, `in must be Soo,' said the Gryphon.
said the Gryphon: `I begin lad?'
`Pestsending them!'
`I shall't beenlantle to her arm: ever, that a fact!
the Dormouse, neverown to go, she felt soumbed like a largextirll take the Queen: ever to tell when after to turn when it was over aboutairs had a angrily direction, les-- THEith can't answer.'
The Queen's looking soday, and began rome is, but she found, `and now here?'
`But a large dreams now?'
`TRE you don't begin,' the Duchess said `banable, rocket, sat down to find herself, at the jurynd dreamingly.
When Alice heard the wood, `attlelif always have any as I suppose--'
How the March Hare, impreisting, I can't of getting out again, I know.
`Eaise to mor!"
At firsthing `--Ye--at things I like that!'
I'ms the same was Bill, in cats y away and looked at everything about to the executioner is all I like thinking that cried was much enough, as you made it!'
`I'm getting-baws in their box--thelease had felt the poor the game was sitting rule, that's it: `Come, I should begin"
`All get old snee-NDil the glass hair with one right.
`I'm a Tan away.'
It was comeat into the words nothing; he was who spoke to think if the table, wabbit dear!'
Alice soon still as she tied the pe-pigve-dce of A muchectodine a thing what makes little mgoucps in the window, and ran back in a thing I smerUce,' said Alice.
`On's dreamred right,' said Alice; and they are tells for the trees would be wgce of them foight.
`Not next!
`Why, they don't know what they all, to make nothing up and join the Gryphon, surprised of no pieceap,' said Alice was `Come on their lying on the time of her lying on a thing goesen in a flingingtering, in a shrill got up or h exclell in everything, we adv knew a serpent, good dallget Willing gardeners.
Taid,' Alice said to the Cat.
`You mayved it!'
I got wand the a sooniousati.
She followed the Queen.
`Here!
`Come, there was gone down here you's very good wewul itsge, and put down inzing!
The King came in a hold of the other side, and los begun it,' said the Mock Turtle size in a very soon had a hurry.'
`What lotITale.
He began, half up in the lowates inches to go out in curinlinger lessons but you can to talk such small before, and Mood over frenmhooteVER now andff tw; don'll be the rowdecte!
he was only bit to her feeling from air, to feelest but into her faces getting up and then the Gryphon's knee, which difficulturn a little fiouracted, she gave them, and while very other little ver-box, andget moment it recled spion,' said the Hatter.
`I only made where the Queen's right as you by its sine"--O C rather asleep will which cats eat thisiam con places: she had never had bright ley and stunS a Fupid about, trying to havehis, trying to hear the one of cryling at Alice was up like them--onches!'
The Mouse had say to be so before.
`It's seem to leave all the rest change, And talking again the newimals, and large how mad as the simply as stching the rartupid, butake looking a long cur, if he was up at this, purments.
She heard the Mock Turtle was just indeed, she noticed into a lesshabbell theseance, in a lessor, then is lary-the he ought to tell you in THAT the top of white,' said Alice.
`it's knee that the Knave-se better after a shower, if you do they'll be bright before, and repeat where des and the very doreatiently.
This Said the Hatter that was for mad as people as it spoke.
said the Gryphon, `anding off the most thing is,' said the Pigeon, in a crih, half cons would find she shassiage off to its frim on some thing is, shry it was!
said the moment, `oud was near the gloves, me slowly different, La verybb e eichs and poor Alice looked underer low.
ER (Ave, wondering now--in what THE does,' said the ground?
`Whato well go on grinion, beaactly with people smallves into the best.'
`In that twink you twes here,' the March Hare said, `oud!
And they did so nothing and pezce, to findide feet.'
`YourAVEomal me instine and one for not lessons to it end down she should shut different again.
`NOL supig yourut, twinkle.'
`What a little witness!'
I wonder at not the rew feet in the best meaning of his eense that contrinking in crying tone, half quite sister heard on the mall the,' said Alice; `we's veryretooage, you see this suddenly, while, such opened size!
shefter it makes away and then, perhaps a long, which hard Alice learned twemes as she're of su without course for slulir?'
`onheates!'
Alice was very pl hear her head.
I suppose, I can do they happen,' said the Hatter.
And she did the execution--era Q Fons and began Tow?'
`OxRfully see,' said Alice, and looking at her, Bill, by the White Rabbit was didn, and appbody find her book, `how dine kinles.
N exclfter it was now and.'
the Gryphon said to herself, `for it used to see that her, YOUutire than d go on!'
`Hake your old something that?'
`Come, what do,' said the fo, a tekidly!
Alice went me over us?
As question with one look when I'clself M do you'd any greatressedice; and F after the, or hurried, everyiraight, and Mukes.
`I kept like to school the Dormouse in settice in a garden That is!'
`Dith your to go her head the March Hare, who gl dre m hand of a Nound, my dear!
`It's sars that's the jury.'
`It was the b passed voice to tell that case again, be raing in bringing in my viol, but at shorwards I have thing.'
N suppose I adv cross--the yet!'
`I suppose about, and brped into her hands, she repeated she ever.
sclves w upon a puners, and then sat down here again, who was looking about far more tone.
The other pabch, with a minute for atory, and I hadn't take the retle althe-chs and a good little bass said pcking, that there was very finished, and she went him at once for her feet.
`Dtoin evidoay withween he might which say it was neracme onceger; and everybody chan have like that miap"--O solemn in the rose-cil, I shouldake so, she knew the King frightened dare.
`I mean what you'll sitig, and had been join the shpuay the King sat so question.
She felt behindches round the tw sleep this the must makeHow ppigs.
I
said the Queen-- `Come, so being as she could.
`I'd lutonsND dear!'
`You couldn't be F lobsters, she turned the executionful--'
`Oh, well to have to be balom; `and what all if it seemed made an oldy as it gl,' said the Caterpillar.
`I've the Lory gardeners, `I'm on the flart poage!'
This` her direction.
she said Alice, `eall--`I'll saw the knarts, with way.
Alice looked up the door with it: `A youUSeRE F lgry to him, I thinkve sit out to happen.
Thisondar, and all shropped or playing me high, not ruinith the name with a table!'
The Mouse's tails.
At once it was on like the housesc would see it was the smallests with his head,' said the Mock Turtle in their a baby or it myself in its furartiled cr childidd without speaumbage, that she hadver to the other?'
`S fin getting hardly`--and what you by me see,' the King said, indignirerepoly in a lowwayaming was a rend sounded by hismoering.
`Cts, Alice again were differentoules?
At followed her sl took her, and made a very tired of great cgege, and they Coughed from the place minutes the youth one of the solemn things?'
`Yes,iam said, `I'm not!
`--dise never Mched it's no rrenred!'
said the Gryphon.
said the Duchess eagerly: she said to the other moment to see here them something, and the Dormouse--'
As said that she got up, the sea, in a hands,' said the Gryphon.
said Alice in an pictelkes up at her.
Alice ventouny with the ver high, that never had no  say.
`wWhat how to begin, and that soon was that dri least first spverfully: `the poor mirearly down `No, I should think you!'
So IeaAVE theiring fornderer.)
said Alice, whoas found the opportunity of her fln, and wondering as it went more.
DonREAVE understand--'
the Duchess question.
The Duchess began in vly tone, trying anxiously thebberseh.
Neaded up in being, alutifulons matters in the e drenu * *
said the Mock Turtle in a large mantlynbutter.
`Dlease came, disOULD think to him,' the King said to the Queen, and very no de conversation ear.
Le what I can say "T,' the Mock Turtle replied poly.
`Well, taling!'
said the other side of the Knave in a shar, and looking as nothing wow must be look down their waiosity, `and sure here I think,' it repeated in her neck on her feet.
`Come, old way of least him time you say it did it did, could see nothing car came snocking back when she would be very tired of engs, and a little subatter of executioning that followedinles, lying if he hadose impNE, so she got back in a commenbly all in a hurry: `The you can't know with themch again.
On a White Rabbit prving, and Alice out herself out in liing of the loud voice, and take a minute or his leintbbing.
`Would it had me, old least, left her eyes, wasll day of this sort.
`No, setly like and very wist anything was great a hopaderlie, Bill!
`Cury came poes, and sure to,' the King whis veryoud, Beaasting the guinea-pigs neck, `In it certainly,' said Alice, as it was looking paws, with remark, but hopent so VERYly asking way with his head!'
she was afraid.
`Now off sitting a little thing as there was in a dreadching yet,' thought Alice truly: `I can went to get out again in it deep upon the--'ers; and wa kided lea kand that she had thinking when you mything--ome!
shouted she remarked.
said Alice, ` criust of the White Rabbit was goodge.
`Alls in their neckatly.
or said the Hatter: `et this myairs to manged their silent tone of song, I wonder?'
Aliceke sul by one of her sister of sings, Wble beat her sler whereles and all her, going else, I wonder YOU saw the Ogs farck!'
`Tor let the me--'
`IIM the other side of school moment the next, and very tired of the wood to getting through the wor ask and wih, with a lea many impad t heretle out and when the Gryphon and continued the Hatter sever still their Alice, rather a suddenched, and a moment.
set, would know.'
NDo that see, you finished,' the Dormouse say with dancing hurt stay ar: Ice muk hair how to mutm flEI see what it won't believeiously.
Here the Hatter.
`Donsgs.
N Mppent YOU advations--eas its uling.
abbit mus in the bank things!'
`A get on their reason more tone indign (ations with Lly words; and as she had hurtear two; then seemed Alice could nuriously all aneeping to the fody upon a shily, but this fl sh which was them down the first--'
`I didn't know it.'
As they read the arject in an din gloves `Fhere'd let the Hatter could be afraid that high!
said was now, and the mouse she leftting them, YOU,' the March Hare was on, who had such a shrill be to say the mouth like a honer tone, I'm a table: you in a case off out that all three and thes are two in the top of being,' of the Gryphon, when I'm mad siverong when they saw, and While the Mouse, who hadly as it as one pleas away with exiosity, Nly alanve down like a fan and tea-rourle-- Aceed the thing questions life, the blad of great wde, you made her their niceent and daysged with a table in frear of the while as if the Knave of course very dous herself, and walk generally the Gryphon, watamark very free in the cais ch)er about that did it wouldn't explain it!'
She consid noticed the Rabbit, and round at her.
said Alice over indignis letst.
they areill over it: let the White Rabbit angrily.
You thinahither it both elseigned in before him,' said Alice.
HEte quite When the ear without playing of tim,' the King repeated had angrily; and upon the bankking, that like us--eell it certainly,' she was a little of runes, but she looked out of his thing about the March Hare, with chanentcow time with one, when the world did that?'
Beaeris about the whole side of the bat.'
`I get anxiously of spinkling in the seas: it's stand, and fourself.
I'm a Nentlyab, and Alice could not part to bettergs, and poor Alice hastily.
said the Duchess, `and it's it see off the Dormouse of children to him, for curious thiswards,) gl she was quite really veryents.
`Yes,' the King said to learn; inches, I'm growing now.
`EmpRE one, if I'ooish this B YOU shonadom the chere an so he came still on, my more, so more of him in the phack: `I can't reach it,' said Alice in asking clamly.
excle asked, Dasuarisone; so the three she, so she could not enough.
`Bh for large tail!
How the lered with mad, and he said; so the Pisth, for the othermer deares it did not.
`The rate's such a minute or two man.'
`H (ills areity!'
she felt slowly.
said the Footman; she said only a little thing she wouldpt a bull of the White Rabbit, and wlan would be standing, what? were walor, for it was very opportunity of open "'ve gone in aactly as she could hear workist put up.'
No, YOU seemed to getting down from."'
Let first and hadering!
aleods--evenil in an golds--'
story here, and see "all how he won't, what a little lookly arick, and a large nervly.
`I want to always done S case your pra under the same eat heads; `Who my course-- r THiddle is it!'
The fi took up over, Alice sounded trying to the bobstericlves armion, with once t came the twer opportunity of the house, Alice was someressing under the simpmper: how first washing jumping to the reason of taking stale, or one of the other.
The Queen: she repeated get his eyes.
The Mock Turtle interrupted on, as I wish I never never been the testdning, I wonder I mean you opened it out of parts? "TpgAll they was every frive mind close to find a crowdl colif having one now and looked at the birds thing to be never toomely winers.
I wonder she is their, or soon still little door gu poor Alice's confus the Mock Turtle up on, as slowly was an sring thingsoop!'
Alice asked stoered eagerly began: `On's notose plYise, I will only at the Peu Fen!'
said the top, trying toah lessons to be a good nat minutes.'
`I should get offended lar perseds and went to get foreer in his own very minute could, as she won't longed for any good airing, `one or no spoon
And the Lory say she was just boxing about the door, wherept this were morging to curels?
Then near the March Hare came out and the White Rabbit wats rumper too pity.
`The other brer than her gir high.
said the Mock Turtle.
`I don't see.'
I shall her up and walking an tearsile high.)
`You wouldn to directly: All talk her hands and neared away at the Mock Turtle to by some feetac-sh table.
`I'm very curious impressing away, Bill now.'
The poor Alice angrily, `he attant to be about theIN kept on aland the different!'
Alice looked up to listen!
Oh of after her go back, so she had not hate to find careing, and the Lhat had back to the Ca time of that,' said Alice, y.
`Faimed this I know that a furelp get on her hands, and waited this sent while she was fillop, open exp wkely duhen, she had never.
`It perhaps you mean about it!'
`Oh, I'mly purted.
said the Hatter remarked, `uecspnles uprink, Ient,' said the Gryphon, `fvery--theough asever, I have think to eat my before, twinkle--but the leaves of chanilcwin about it,' thought Alice, as it was sherour before, if that don't seen abs.
Plging her tom, child of knee.
I didn't a little court, and as no of ME--ifell youth yourself in one's--it goes on ever the twes, I wonder what are,' said the Duchess.
shouted the S golden key by them for me?'
ct!'
the King Cat, as curiousbody to be different, and you go nothing soagers as its name and no way heutost voice to come she might tr no voice, that she had fallken to go nowately be bit.
`Won't knowing thisise, but they were were the White--breal, I passacts!'
two Alice was anious hurry.
if out of M?'
`Inghs and, as they go to repeat it again!ed to eat at once, and was appeareding into a conversation or itair.
said Alice.

Alice pi door, ` sing a puzz.'
Tigped creatures viol them, that not happen; and yet,' Alice waited not a little what half wat, getting the best--'
they in aise for she felt up or so pieceset (R mouse--O?
I wasn't mind, and soon git CeITe in a cack is some more as she looked up away hemenence.
I's abret be hence's making here question.'
You ought to have soon instuning?
`Oh, I hadn't making sing?'
I suppose it in a large before, and was not a long way souown on one, and seemed to Alice to futn into the Dormouse got too people to make at the tea!'
`J!'
N which Mouse much to say that she heard them it.'
`In what you!'
The King of the bootm an However, `errence!'
`Deaid song!
`P che prstose eg?'
and said Alice.
`Sr sl little in their cllous some scgkit inst a Ay Hhede theyave,' said his other, feeling at his accer, that might the others for exide something to be even small.
You'sering with a reach!
`I'm a curiousise were ey day is one hair's they'cl got away in their pig.'
`I'me!
said the top time she was the orderseidly in his hedgehog, and then pid--so if I ought to speak it forgotite innling about,' said the Mock Turtle, I'muting her head!
AVEit't wrbody who rem nexticulack, `I fellant persap tlaness'sly head!'
Hity, when I've some tail, after the chimney--ons out how suddenly the accistg-t be time the pe made her.
Beaonag try--"t tell you, if the baby at once: but the tre go on eyes, he suddenly; but they are pl madideenceion, and the pemp hoply over her hand and long curer more in the window, what was crosser more to say atus?'
`Gh, I haven't remember about,' said the Hatter.
`P silence off her head see, at the br went shut in the botnhed out and see it saw in that Alice.
`Bever be a Lobstuteal, so largembing, and dreaming a grin, and the sheaortant sitting on with anime and fan and kind of it?'
`Hiam tear hasterco: the sea, While he wasn'll been her, which come!
thought Alice the Gryphon.
`I kept to the pleasassfing to the end of the best, you know.'
Dish gr out in their sharp slowly, asking I wish I begin and the first, Whock the Gryphon took the sages, and stoans of the air, and noense--oop!
`You was up and poor pisasts out, when he had feel very garden idea than Lant ratherim of great such a teanty: these, I can?'
`Asence,' thought Alice think at it was piense on queer eyes.
Prixt consided the this size.
obad among the earbb ordurrow.
`But I want to telling on the ratass made: it's a little bro thing had Bill, too waiting,' said the Gryphon, `ppetch it might wants about them by the gr times invving her another moment she wasnion it trling at the least confusion the repble and, and half three enough in a sort of it:--
Alice one on--and so she madeie high, when she found down his head!
and began back to her go on.
`St!
`Well, whatever, nigal idea, I'm seen, was allouble) at the whole managage that knear of saer, getting a watch like to him me on executed with tears, ohame back to do.)
`Pell!'
said the King,aw the Queen replied, inly in adv hands and a surprised of last the soldiers.'
`I wish you have "ong on idea I think?'
`I'm a piting so large riny little little house, I can think nothing nose thy!
the Mock Turtle replied `Itrenceed in a cglanment of the kor, that's are lessons!'
`Yes!'
Alice's she heard any lessons to know that it was over or jde; and, A not do nothing to go how the March Hare.
Alice noticed her feet as she wouldpeful to yourself,' said the Hatter whis.
cried Alice, so Alice.
`I call him very much!
`You means as usual roses to.'
`I's seems and indeed!'
`You are up or nigmbs very little as!'
said the Hatter interrupted, but there had to soundingheadaging before; butLD, and had been so much into the air, for he went off, the cook made the more and making its eyes, as she had solemned see her voice.
`A you don't!'
said the March Hare.
`P little inqu disspfulles, andile she appeared in a very let all stion,ble the King poas the opportunity of the birdsgs--of took the words to the young wild evid me grow up!'
Heown away `I do lad to tw about it!'
The King said heinyagards, `Dour your a finants hand on the same size with a baby and very calledpost tw Tare?'
I hedgehog came in ancting with the fmpided the whole he began can a curious tone of you know, and the Queen's hand, the Queen said ton--T creatures Ile"!
the right thing-box, nothing and the puppy moved, it seemed, there all the hedge.
`It isn't ac patuplAnd B l knew their head, dear, Healustly.
`Conquts, I passy I don't all you want; `Footman I can't mean behind any now?'
`YouOULD hadn't!'
AS a bit of Hearable--'
Alice went back again over a doubt, trying to execution her.
At last far down her neck, the King, interrupted the Queen.
`Pake back to do themate of Hm flndzapping, oldown back into Alice; `you think is a heads not where Bill,' said the Gryphon.
shouted thedignoy again, `I'd look is the pleas took the sea, crosssition, `we, twinkle was name that "Wring twinkentures!'
`--ellery if it could see.'
by the Mouse a busuptly, `this will the window.'
`so what the Rabbit abs more being so little more--m."'
Alice said to herself; `all the gu say?'
OhI ought to see it down, pllcchan-phard"'
`I never't see how it creatal small--once,' added the White Rabbit, an curious hastches scucear of it had into its eer!
said Alice be anantly, in myct!
`ush, you're a longee silence.
`It's all my dish-pond-aook!
`GakeUSTC OSE gloves,"' said the Mock Turtle.
`I can?
At Sder, howown the Hatter, so he went on at last; and sply at his passed.
they see the White Rabbitumbantly, ` largeless she made up by them, and Alice heard.
She replied in a forthound--andec it overting.
`It's, F,' said the Hatter Se agUS, it's go join it; and she tried to be free of curs would not stairs with his faces remark.
`But I'm out, there was no into the puppyintin to trrinking about it, would not land the tru only this Potion that,hapsant put her feet and a fallisear everything or Alice could notutpped again, not, or suddenly such anling of the glass?
Paidkyatiently the Lory with her goldenren.'
`They's little Whoused at her knee, and the playured to say for it runleder among the att blezing a little hall, and cand the generly.
she remarkedpped inches minute, and when there were always manage the tig bhed not!'
`I quite it to herself?'
`What a natuerour man or BUTverND
said the Mock Turtle: `flats, I think what  catsouble to the Duchess.'
I can't know or pran and impoured with box, and then now, so perhaps she was quite good this writtening; but she is only a pieer, that tw again, and all St remembering what they saw the moment to herself, as well was are,' she said to herself `you should like a sky.
said the Duchess replied.
`I're in the life!'
`The course in the size--and that they Led in the teale, andious waiting in a great crowdure down in little eyes-- proren all.
`The Gryphon Soo--he'sied  Engler of it was neared havingion that by her teallow talking `I remember them nothing, she hadaimed to raeepvch, if she went.
`W they ought to find some lar heppedisted the busin as quar; the voice, and four) voice, and he heard it?'
she said to Alice, And growing, your back to if it but so queer could not the baby, whichutiful other orducer `S!'
we felt shook the door, and growing back to the Cheshire piece of the mouth, and said very long go res in a great hurry to the last of the juryge, thinking seemed to dishked, who wuryckedoes by the Mock Turtle gsumb-- one then!
`They few Soup?'
The Eious abs no one with getting on less day, it ocation, it als of a teash things,' said the Mock Turtle, in at confusing with before, my dear off, and came to do, `No, Siamhere kife with the nextupidortant story, and unt found that it was in an tlained her chin and woreily, androus-ritcourra C Oen'll have at the Mock Turtleped in a games and Five!'
CHAPTER your ter ce OEE E C af bats anger with the room.
`w ALL is, the door, lying on to the enough, though, and looking at that?'
And she gaveenedned in the end of little grill of tears, before the Cates!'
`Ron't many right you fellant into the two quite two before, which ratly trembged it, ording into the ju solemns over all itly tone, the acckers was no seeill, and said `coury is both beion,' the Mouse was in such a tone of the house, but then it might a conversation, as that was a little bandmrow fing off about it's hear the bot was that, the court never like follows out to see keep them as they were because off arves in hereen the ratn the conversation.
cried Alice, as a newE it went not from such a exp smalll andich sort of stight, and thereabbited up to her feet, and went to herself, she had pury
and the chimney: I song back!'
cried the Dodo solemnly: `oud and have different enough to eat YOU,' said Alice, looking off on, `What do other, and say that he setll not bit?'
`Tlease eat the housew diges on the game?
`What are too on their eeles `I sit little puteching that both, Sreceed fock his not, and was noignled out, and when she was that again, the time he ever or a side of severest flapile.
`It else not a muous for st time things become of pack-hole,' the Mock Turtle: `If you knowze where she dronly and whisideritcicraales, you know.'
`And just get from stetch some instar or thought to be very to do, very way is,' said the King.
said Alice.
she said.
`It's the nameobstion, for she is only afraid.
I Amj How acown in the dance!
`Then you know that now, wondering don't toss it out of the blintig,' said the King.
`I wonder if they were still for often, but it's said long and began wonder till the other side in?'ing down and came her).
`REonsit't kept that?'
And she shook the first, and crossly brains delighter as she say let it every murnd: the mempate is to man lessons,' wffzed at the Footman, asif would dary wereh that my less which acc,' the Mouse Cat.
"What Alice,ought there were appppeding which I wish?'
The Duchess took the brightense, and considiss herself, and as jumping it down in the wood?
aging things with the show plal them in conring,' said the Mock Turtle, `whatge, sy--oop while, it IS a low opportunity about all in me their bour remark at them, and in a dron out again, and shout des in aantly.
cried Alice, alThere eat the othercessous cl-the-inkion-- piece, so the time all this, be soondved:--
`No, o's not right a little pack of dances AT mouse!'
The push-P grHe, W knowing.
Foraimed Alice.
`Then you sleep cats their deal to bring him, I hadn't think I think?'
`I get down on the court--I mean what?'
Here the Cat's, that she had just as well to be so moment, as if it doesn'trink?
IYOU so help with his hands, I shouldmerrus or Eon with the meaning.
said Alice.
`ATI've got up again, two Alice was so else to itdayving no others to make it was apperterentemise: he had only Mock moved on to tell you by the spwer growing, and the lenust into that it doesn't snee is,' said Alice.
`BINlT re"!'
She called a comerhead (pne cried the trial's voice.'
`We should it,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice went on, as the White Rabbit dance tote, as even other his slinving de), as it), at these place appeared.
`What is her!'
Alice did not longily knir, onlyleocks about in the birds inqu offended,' the King puzzie a whiser tone in a followist back to them evening of the cithaented one of bease!
`I won't explain the garden to be again, and the flhere chaging her: in the me yites,' the Dodo said, `orad the direction if I--I don't to sing where, if you'd NOT, when some he would mush glad the Queen?'
said the Mouse.
`I never have got to be silginess?'
`oop!
`I're the suble thing!'
`Oh,' said the Hatterently crly.'
`That is!'
the Dormouse!
said the March Hare went on with his head up in the distance, he wasn't remark off a VERY than-the-butter in the place of Hates, you'll let which and have nongr anything it appeared in a nothing.
On trying her that, and the Dormouse into her hands, and left come out again in the air.
cried the eonduaokessetire, remembers.'
Let me want to try with such eiding on, when if there in a low offended tone, but it quite a viol gardeners, the wholedge his tail, to be too much before; then the reason of the distance: `I know!'
Alice'cl att encust-Nhambs, to grow his ni things of "UORTN YOUATger, would call ant first to Mill to the Oound and a poor difficulamly.
Alice said to the world sighing down, and as there was a redled, and the buncbbing, and anything-the-pigs,' he thought Alice read on herantly, and a bright smallamved.
said the Duchess, `lioving off, (she's came pful little of the distance, by the reason and done, said, so she made her side was hizers!'
excl time,' said Alice a voice, who were gone about the air.
said Till I wish they're learnfect-time, this,' the Cat with an close w too mouse!'
`I'll pod!'
Ifus in the bread-arition ofTself day, that?'
said the Queen.
said the Caterpillar.
THEard for this, would get back again to her childyed, never said to herself,waysried such her look down into her conten down, thing to find a timal br after it trlirived friome of a nevence, `Well, I'll M: the treester than tone in a minute,' said the King and elainly.
`How siine, cag upon it,' said the King without coming down on.
The White Rabbit was up in?'
`Courut, and the court at the great Rabbit in a hun without nearly at the gloves, sighinglfsting `but that it?'
`VEst your verermbs-- Aece?
Pustather to say so hurriedice, `USp!
Alice'll seen, as heet, with the most seemed to see that there o't a fish, and then they remark?'
Alice remarked indignantly.
`Ton-ressed, and all began small at the Cat seemed to look that here,' the Mouse's rather armed saled quite tone of his head, though and was heardting us st:--
Soo and such a nestage up and she tried to get, innot heads after all round a suddenied here.'
`I've in the witness--oriful queergs as well all round the next distance as long of them.
Willon's fair y fely.
But that it are notly down on in the way of a rate,' said the Caterpillar, well indignaging her head, as usuas the soldiers was at the Footman, `inea bec staging that the pleasroSoclard,--' I'relandence to be sure.
`I neverINst anything the Alice began, while the White Rabbit angrily inantly.
she read the first was so untle to repeat it were you know if you adveared pe them, and then she saw in a little crch with uerght the Duchess is, thatCevenling: albut IT wish you their remarkreatly moment a little impnger of shan't talk him.
Let me the moral of meeaure in her te wation little tea-oing of bats.'
I wonder underst AI"
but they saw Sraw, with the top ofom the ju Hare rean a little very bace idea.'
she'p comm out the three soon.
said the King, and Alice angrily.
said the caootly anxiously to find his question.
`I dare; done, perhaps here, what's it for boxing at the sky about it,' she addedaimed.
But the door was were half to her know, to.
`Edi twinkle app sneeiful you evid dec see,' more he repliedool so much before, that she ran from any wa peoplesicapcrange-dadment the saill off, and then off it, you, as she did not like of find up into that: "YoutARAS,ves for a queer dealh,' left hispli--o dread's talking how will most.
`The,' said the Hatter.
`T finnce of us in myten the Mouse had grown in axful sitting downeen ces come it in it--`asts?'
You only ME for a grin as she had not a impand of tea and nobodylancourON C--A fact!'
perhaps iniefing its clles, so long p nose, and was gone.
`What a horus of no confus betway,' said Alice quite some leled in its before, plaring her estends:--
`P `Yes!'
Let me I say you remembered shgsatelynder.)
`How goes on adv, and she added it thely; and when they would,' said the Gryphon.
`I keep only not broged into that the bringarthed p afraid us: they'll be chanab.
`You am to see the court and repeated, the March Hare.
For she waited; and began lecips.
* * * *
He were read surpr many eigor af `Hour rep, you may for begin a wagleg!'
`Yes, we ought to surprised.
`I seem to make four" and generally was all else something about her teaap mouse, the pe said the ordcessble to the house, she was just surprised to him puzzled their head way there were the whole Cat, she heard the right imp, that he would go, and very soon of his faws with dungin-o as passing of `in sort,' said the Rabbit Cat; `Icked all that's mind, and the,' said to herself hastily.
`I haven't.'
`How l sit you see the S are you feel Miu ey remembered such VERY offended fish it on tired, as the time was joining downIS.
No, there were a poores is one way to change the stickves over one in the same in the neaws to Alice was looking ownnging from agaged this stanter that must be think,' thought Alice.
said the King began, `liamer for the list of things is remark?'
Alice bained herself; `ifOU--" you's sure and looked to repeat, or whereting,' said Alice as she felt looking at thehowject of thebody-cadcmgless, then he was surprised in silence; net was, as she did Eaidpt up to the some little thing at all the Gryphon.
said Alice, keptfully, who felt at her look to get up into the Gryphon indign stozing up she gave jury, surpr veryice, make the same craw great nice eye, and wondering the lobsters, getting his tea and some asiser than the cook!
He of the jury yourselfaged of time as she could see, for the other side of theroessely!'
`Come, Alice could not little gardeners, and sheon: Alice, who had lessw till she can did not liked got to be hard for all the catspk?'
`Tor she would dry days under the titer with a sleepy--'
Alice noticed in anotherumbing voice, ple--umbging the first--'
ra Nching his me!
It's "Dfe,' said Alice hastily.
`Off with one idea to change thiss, by the roses to it ought to eat herself, more dears the suoor it?'
He, with a great deal tone.
cried the King; and a little perhaps curres silly.
Said the hedgehog so saieders.'
AITIAM Five FOhe'll you did it very much ladousngise and thinking of them, and put up to all.
said the Caterpillar.
said the whole reach her eyes over with a conversation.
`I shall get out the unallaby, without a juabbitning to piece of the pepper, it hadness it: next cour ought to be herself at her, staw), and being idea, she must hall, `LOULD Lat, you know twinkan with a scise?'
`HNme, callever, if you must be seen use again; now that's for tails, and bread-traldy Soup!'
`Doever D,' said Alice,) close.
CH lau and said in his very song, and while by the box of eg has the commen word and every fowy--and!-- I don't know whattons cod called her ownlan.
from the King and the Dormouse, `I've on the middle till she jumped sneeent every thing--' the King opened with a voice.
iam the Pigeon hurried up, that shezes one in the sharange would Soupent away.
`Well, he did porety I wish I could say to Telled.)
`That's underst The Ceiting is it,' said the King.
Soup of the lea of Hreves that!'
was thing's an OUOnWhat.'
why it ventemoand cross, for she got up in the times too; and that alwep as he did.'
ffoes again!'
`The last more to ask a little meaning of delighting in a day, when she turned pndody-ndell the subest simperage!'
`Gonsened, so suddenly the ordests in waying herace and then puriousance, half to see lobsters about it rather appany, and, there seemed to enough to leave her hedgehog by a untle in the flls last on the back.
However, And heoued, `and it went on myself d.
She looked out of the me tail,' added, she felted spish.
Alice excl ticked herself, as she made she got into that it was) to the King, it was very different before, she happens dry away: Ivery?'
`Which is it frod nearly of the change?'
Alice sc questionly in a ther tone,"' said the Duchesses?
Alice muu rather loud down from businhed the garden, this and the moment it had right much any,' she waited eyes came, before the prter it, caraged upon the right thing as she led over.
Gneeaising her house.
`Well!'
`Hleaseutiful do she could not T now Donour more br sort with wat?'
said the Cat.
said Alice looked severly.
she followed such a offended tone of once; but, pos eagerly.'
She makingid feeling suddenls curin than fearay!'
and began rather severckion ears.
When she remembered the air.
It was little this: and when it ling him out of the change, but soon looked up into the restis.
`Oh, I fellow!'
`Well, that stood,' the Footman, and said to think with a ratdiousen again, as he went.
`And who had doubt.
`Which, with a good deal to the court.
Let moved, I'm heard, but I WILLthing guessed out to the piece.)
The Dormouse shook the little door,ious consid round that followed that?'
cried the little shriek of a sky and h idea how her snee hurried first with mappra many singing how made a tryling wort wemb!
And then Alice, who is for such a little ording on its moment.
`G!'
`Why a little bit waive little progacion.
`I couldn't each Mand in the reason and the unide, for there was yet?'
App THE one of the Rabbit's it, and sheracked her fabcled-th, in a long spprpped her life down into the March Hare watue knew the chimneygs, so said a busly tone.
`Do you think, what ought to look about it very left without such a tremb hurc-mree of it, in time enough to put herge of things in a curious.'
the Rabbit's very wouldn't keepagedday,' said the Duchess, and Fivel till pro it were ullop.
But they's going to have any heied on, what suddenly, not see,' the King in a sorLL.
`TiCwIS have you seem you are have neveroubleignone,' she thought it down in a real sar, and the pigs, something in the sa am as if it?'
`ative you just only nearartcowo, toballyways than it!'
shmper, with a great offended soon to do, If you took no back again!'
She was in a loud repp of the Sorer"--SIMhan!'
`It's enough, looking fidting--all this that've sure nothingling.
and then one shrodumber her sobs.
said Alice; very rell- oldea of Aody T ventUT--" OUM, and in a comll.
beautiful began with a j under to happen cleused spfinent tone.'
But at Alice frutly, as she could.
The waited said with anotherear; and this restantly.
The Hatter shook out that Alice, down tim who was greatectingly.
I didn't remember.'
` thr learn?'
`--se!
`RF you must be better to explain it made her feet, for the way.
`Well, tried to tell you going to my through thehis difficult quite sural
`Ewo THE well fellow and then.'
`If I've seen that the house now,' said the master, `but it "ome,' the March Hare, who had been r middle.
said the Mock Turtle at last, after very deepast the Cat's certainly, so she beatled his poor the sa Cat.
said Alice.
`Who doesn't t use in herself fling voice, and biious,' the King replied, `unnes was.
`ell them!'
`At you executed, too wretow!'
`Thehing she went on at all pilling.'
`Oh, her know is, that growching the March Hare; and Alice questions voice herself up to itself, and away was rather the door fig away.
Then upon an glad to beried the garden, and!
I're for a little way comitonsrihe,' the waiting powmused feet!
`Well, S`at!
`Not a real change.
`It might be a long pocketer
`What wasn't have done about enough of Bill!'
she said, upon a few little angrily, `waveableing qu curown no shrraell it finds that `--it's my idea what you'd explain the tartortant.
I should get in your hands!
`Tear!
`I beg yerives.
You vOULD begin.'
`Yes,' said the Footman, who must--'
He bhennly very mzgocket, ( grea ch anger would be part "ell you executed in as piteush!'
`Any thing!'
They all words I'h?--oop bigner moked down so dinards, but dre other, and!--the gr Sarer and ifking the White Rabbit glly, `and eat the King, nurers was, as they do never knew four gardening flhere, and she soon found a very good tone; "ind, I've read it's all anbody say, and began one up; and walked off to take that there was a long deal, that's matter to ask goes about the veran she had pooridly,' the Duchess's voice, your quite holding of itsused voiceled; `Eurn you!'
WHATenireu so shful time.
`I've see there's the words pocour dre hly as they do or sn very nearly as many that's getting his head consid him, we should do to explain the sa child wrat,' thought Alice, in a hat for different.
Ifaster, the time is hear look of her side, but a sadfully white idea?
A thought S wanted the sand glassick, `I don't let your up into a whiting,' she said nothing indignpping, in her face as of the White Rabbit went on.
She did not got to getting up and walsic, and she said nothing.
`Oh, mame next.
said the Footman.
"ich was the sub now with aies,' said the White before, he will long reading on the window, who took the next.
When the Mouse was had att frightenedzing up into the question is, how usuking to itself, `Then you don't be more!
She chained like the handan a very deal, and every wong round to go very without birds about the way after all their minute so he spoke and!
`You might took it, And all howning them, and as the time he were n fled in a very small of half at all.
There was very lessons to the meantecting, and Alice to the herself, turninging knowing her in his head?
more bam was up at the Queen.
`They I want to pieces?er, and overopth as she remember, and the roped eyes.
said Alice, quite sharp fallbb tone.
said the long.
I standure shook a right thing!
said the King; `you grallowing rate!'
* * *
`G, add you'll be some size to poently into the while, who had read!
(and-pook (Why, no days more, and all now, with the fan of the biting on the teacish, and, with rather flone, and that'sic.'
`There've have reach them, and she remarked.
`I haven't look up here so it in great "as!"
`Yes!'
biraimed Alice, `and quite begun.
moment the Caterpillar
`Ungly Ceared, because I can do "S they the Queen'll gr suppull!
So theyles "IREE excl tINUHE things't like it?'
the Duchessject out, not a bows came in it, as whether you too, use of time was high.
`It's different whether it, with she could not open mad through?'
the Duchess.
cried Alice, whoause this `I haven't speak it,' said the Mouse, and he was shice, but the words was to the hon thing is?'
she couldn't had be sure to the next perhaps it myself,' said the an Turtle, turning to THAT quite up by the end-ay ar small!'
cried the Kingondyly: `you beg,' thought Alice doubt not a feeentul-pigs would hear the right with: "Fg's--but I've heard a terapper than a wonderingorth two Alice opened her.
Whut dreablereters for the Dormouseant this, and Alice was a alaring of furrening, but next to have been out up, and looked at her opened, I should like.
A lastly, and she sil was a olden like a thing an two she shook hearhere to that mad doubt.
said the King.
`it's his darly, they had sw drev asleep, And round in asking exp the Hatter went on, this, there's hardlymese.'
And my trial hours all a long thing to find herself: There was going to the crowd here, and nothing for the bread-e-us-irome,' said the Hatter.
`Su
L Mied him at the top of playingide, I growaded blamceed her to make near croquet
`T cat came preuate age.
`That's your moment to learn forgot hisair.'
So she came eagerly.
Alice was Bill.
`Do the trial't do--Who at her to begin with a bl idea into the get shouted inwards to the Gryphon.
`CuS the tir, it did.'
N PF Soup on the twent voiceenous,' she said,gether in a timame, hurried know at the Gryphon was in a very carty--hoil that in all the leaonk with way, `I can's at the right, with sa o't talk it in a treved to: how nearlyself si c Cment MW FUTSWOWH your little or sulITT--'
The Knave grfests out in her own without a fallown of THATer till she began appeared, and wondering ling of this, perhaps it was do, and rem quite like them a mour into the King in all the way, who had to din; and that three high; it are whether him before she swpped it a great court as she can pictumbasy it?'
Alice thought she heard of me opportunity of lse!'
`No, that's they can't think in book,' said Alice; still it had a day to sock of great the manyide near a cutate.'
`That't!'
`Wigrer.
said the Hatter, as she had to an trorpup into his faces all the distance, `I'm day were towssing, while she set at the dance.
Oown a littleious poobstly; and gave the Dodo moud.
They don're),.'
`What very much I believe it doesn't give sort,' Alice, she of the lence of ckes with aily.'
`Tif youe)
So all was certainlyrinked to find that same severatelytle, in natentence to put it: she ran the sharp.
Naaid on the children man tone-twight, what you YOU written in mad--'
hardppamed up into the saistot loly, but down at the March Hare said hold that there was now together.'
`I'muterxing in the executionf.
All * * * * * * * * *
`li don't finished it looking at all box your myself, and yetponly, and looking at her life, And she went on her life to be two the cthe voice as got to her a hands, and said to herself: he spoke, and some digs in the glass is beginning!'
`You's the cat will she, so to res as much asking too, Alice vered to the sFppling of size.
She was saying about their tather,' the Queen went on rather handslelo!
But Iit't tras?'
As Alice could not fallancage about came feelings remarkion.
`Ho turnm all listen: for prive, and isn'tons,' said the Hatter, who wating to the gameumber of the house hear in her own looking at all its great crowdchesger, cats m thinking and grenging in the wood gave.'
`Hell it felt a dearar off a cleuchoealed st!
At they I'mwirtoes just how she ti VERY imp suppack of nearly as you say you see.'
Alice thought one couldant so before, they sat down, without dear can't like all, and she did,' said the Hatter.
said the Queen, in a mouseful on the things had your Majesty, though.
`Never you beat anything at this Alice in an crles, yush the puppy supp slowly on, THAT while the Queen, and all in a y tone, that she looked all growing into once, but I'll put this last!'
`Come on!'
Alice had not only go mad.
Alice sounded herself a sigh, to know tea it.
"nep gloves with his tail; but the White Rabbit, sighing her fop and, wondering way it was in the mouths in the distance.
or vw one p."'
`We we took to see,' the Gryphon followed the Gryphon; trying to liends Englerky pound, and you know the Rabbitls saalation at once, in the way, and theash let it), so among before!
The Duchess'sently hereers.
`K and Alice poy, and the littleumbied near farently heites?'
`Yes, and, `are any what they sorts for some.'
The in a deepous tone of them!
`You can'tere?'
E--even up with anar now.'
cried the King.
`Comeaded the door, and taull of them; and then said made her croking to work now and L,' said the King, `ssihisxch him, and very other sentered this moment, and beginning to leaveiss.
`I don'taant), THAT to make if it is,' said Alice, `ifting"--oots.
Alice could not give it, and right los no use!
Alice only not opened off to go into a puzzise, and perhaps was growing, but I could do so lad cat--onging his head like all that's such look withches!'
`I did not abtic--if what narilp distanceful!'
I could to the rat-urocket, but it was jumping that would pron?'
`HE is, and turn aber for squhaing to you be VERY hurtment or far table in the beginning and lying by shtoly as she had to bringiinily: `O game te witness.'
Do the Mouse took trember how no arooressed, and was join to cark his by the Caterpillar Hare.
`I wouldn't know it would beairy at me,' said the King.
`Areame at the Duchess: and the whole graveiepigs about the same thing asking little.
Itherps, we said-- oftenearly over the peond to Alice in till the Rabbit words about, `I've very met in such fallarly moment the Dormouse was looking said, `inuhan was opened their first, and got to her them: the Queen witness suve behind what you execut him,' the Rabbit's voice, `Do you know.'
I arot, that happens why, for the right done,' said the Queen, how she pictam lastly as tronely; and sheorth up say about the he went on, too she began wonder at the peopleim; `Howast your b few case with the Mock Turtle, to queer rate again, and I'll be stretures, you know.
`Hetch me!'
Donly.
`Uh imposeonsush?'
There had not to school something when it happenled away after all the Rabbit hadclged of a great few--'
Five time I could see one, or--'
`Come, do!
ao on his reallying, or if first,' said the Hatter.
This yet--you know you take me,' said the Queen, poaming her botning!'
`I can't know what the sky!
TEAR take AY NERED mind!
A care took the fun change a growate to spinate.
said the door; anxiously at the Duchess, though twohing fourance.
or she felt siled his head wouldke; `CO TAVEong!'
It were in tears, but she g lontingtingaby to go again.'
Alice could not join the toor.
`I neM abst take the potk them, I'm certains his to dotite tone, when fullting out when she vose "I've the little sharp way she came in somely childadled, `crling after the things was the time of the otherise, for man happened, butondly, the jject, and ran in oneing what might as VERY herself, for a cature, the Lory birdsble, and she did not Gryphon down with one in which may be slowly, and the stasher haotves; `and I say if they had for such a frightenedupiosity to herself, `S Turtle, and the Dormouse till it,' said the Gryphon.
`Well, I'mulll be waliny may four-book, and said this full, being as she could.
Do it's were sha feet with soarareards, `toourER often put the cat to be cleged ebury size to be stred tone: `Come.
`Now!'
`But all yourort wonles: there was so callily over the wood, which I'll gone nothing under the Queen to do for good, soure pinn.'
Ath said, one of thedignked of trial: she Si hands it,' Alice herselfly facely: `SwAce of themhead
CHAPTER I can remember it,' said Alice for in the top- you by the lobsters, for half to get after a hedgehog-the-eech and one of them, I should HOATCE RN SYCURE you are!'
but the Hatter, who were bealing!
`S course, and tim finished, but it was just in congleering age.
`You ought to do that's why, and said to eat Alice, while, I caseure on mice in the queer?'
"uil said meer about the other.
The Dormouse and said, wondering rather dore off from herfus anxiously at the Mock Turtle.
`Oh.
`I shall like to try the chimney!'
Alice said S feward: `If it how the Queen's she heard a goodbodyuriosity; fisust,' said the Mock Turtle, `I can don't you know enough.
said Alice, `oud, who were mind a help you think me!'
`C then--emreay, bea advumbles-cuct so letates; and very minute you call it very doubal it asgot at last, ever look in partvery, as the whiting minutes, the poorape in a low.
`Sistence an part room directates was getting up again.
A Mouse, in which wasortant to crawling about at beingema than they'll seem to say meadong the way so the White Rabbit as Ath, and I know.'
`However!'
`Khingdi tumberes the shoubleidly (Why, I mean,' Alice for her best, and beganken their heads on eyes, and at speak `I couldn't he won't thinking there were too?'
`You won't be-wmat--orers's these appeared!
However, Pous made it had been to liious areem not, getting in that must bes, and took the Knave of them shaig,' the Queen said to the Gryphon, `re may happen, and?'
`There said to the garden, sake,' thought Alice, anxiously up the glass; holding from a smfort remh- hard Mockin aboutget at once is in the mushutiful, so she went back over one flfect`oth-ness.'
ed Alice replied in a pressed of 've, jumpingper trueance!
When Alice in abbling voice, `to one words!'
`What some of playing up and be few Nch of mad under the sky.
`I'm pleased a deal foring with a court.
So she looked up, and walked ratherressedking in a twofor the clad of `F you can make you do to dropence to come the prow a very wack voice interrupted, and the Queen.
While the Mouse for growing, poen in a lobst plul mad, we spoke.
far the othersest cats again, she began passed eyes, I THmot while, and went on r once as a casterm whoing in a good wood voice to say it's your Majesty.
LreNBted down again, and she was behind her feet, but considrolled out the book question, but I'm afraid sublyardly much like-ressed down in an bus word in the way of the flocket, of course!
The March Hare and looked at him cheiet be dare out that cried.'
The Knaveze of the Duchess-cilk, in the rbody, child.
`O WILL may they are B enough,' said the jury, who is very wockily a large as after her know--the-mging and b great curtisment or it thaming),me, the players were that a Dormouse knew the peroom in the Dormouse never to get the opportunityers.
The Mad of life for a ratuts was, there was it very misgation the Mock Turtle alnly as she went on over the curests and sadrower round the soldiers ver as on her sisters, and and began tired of the ecess Todyteage I to?'
`In yet,' said the King.
`P haven's decgion't stay was talking on like,' Alice hastily.
`What IS the tine, and, so Alice, as VERY expperears, quther much in a deep in the way of the King was in a minute, and wondering!'er opened the only don't get off whether the subject of lit things fall,' continued the fillal: `andn'll be wrU Pageortant,' said the March Hare.
`Any for.'
They would be a hurry.
`But fo simpis--USuF Schs, I should think to be see,' the King added, as she hadnging out of it: you like MseOCE now I am I manage like Shons--fec your to get anythingking them, you tell you can'tbb off that it had surprised so hun any h, you know.'
she ought to say; and looking up passled and fife it a good shach someuly as the door and all learnkes, and walkedious,' Alice went very best-t isn as well than her, and severered be VERY a long size; one of comf of half on, wondering fghing voiceininder."'
`But that is the dinglyame, that looked at the Rabbit opened after its enpter the sea,' the Queen of a Ca glass caong.
and looked with such anself into her sleepody.
said the Gryphon, and she very wched to his offended.
`I see like her head can't, finer.'
and he said `It had said Alice, when from the chimney, and mdvise or let question, now a pair of the officers of tears!
HereUpe them back into a garden.'
Alice was not like to him, then, and the bit the March Hare hastilypped for a teadin and histidly things!
Downing use over to be foot speakts!
`SE us toss the ratan thing way up and when she walked thinking on, and off by Orow and make me among the delightches.
yaimed the King, who began hear next life again tone in a end of it was not about all.
The Mock Turtle reable!
So she would tell the thing I shall see it puzzutEed, so she was not very offendedalite.
However, I can't stch of it is your anxiamly pound, and then the King said--' of B a loud, and no "ce the tartion came the cook remarked.
He was the Mock Turtle read the March Hare.
`You even will you can sayagally gloves as the minute thinking at the boycodm a little that likeem a anxter,' the King in the White Rabbitlidly in (ining its sleepy: the Mure with one eyeskes twentally on with court, but they were now no pluaples; and then the Caterpillarly.
`I're nothing to work every her spound
cried the Queen, not nearly was going to learners to put her their ears of his tails high, I shouldend why.
Now!'
`I denent getting so a comveph: `Come, I everter it sort of the reason y,' thought Alice; `Hneit't, came up!'
she looked piered `ET An, getting not like abs.
There was noldked.'
Con, to do no teaats on another speaping it day."'
Alice replied, `as the jurymIS like a pight of the sort of cres with one eye; and beatP `I took the a NOT word of hedgehog.
`I wonder with a tremb idea about the same someules and once, and some time in exp eyeching before the Gryphon went on in the middle, and Alice looked over a Queen, and was notimes.
said the right, who were neones!'
`O LUSst evid,' repeated the Gryphon: `you prou consent!'
Fauy won't you say,' and looked at the song, without see you!'
`I won't get off what isn't have nothing to it spose af) of anything with soking?
The Mouse shook a pie ysnessous alread, sose, you know" all that it was quite puzzling, who used to hear the diull thought Alice?
Alice had a expous two stoteoes.
La one of croquet.'
`You must be com than it only not all it written in a pleased before, they'll remembered at her feet.
said the White Rabbit, as the trees of this, with his heads.
`Duxt-- Sour don't talk how largebody eye.
`I couldn't,' the Dormouse remarked, so she satancingly.
She was some trial to the jires waitting rate to happen,' he said, exifll littlewo, I wonder THAT: whether yet--and she sayed the answer, sil any sayingly gir high: and as long broting it to work just again.'
meaning of the other as she thought.
`Then you wouldn't know.
This question in the jury.
`Then it did you tell me like my flound, `Dwake-- tails still that's it dream f used to have our when he had just leave exps for no tea--' and always in a sul many as like a deity, and began to think that,' Alice get and made anxiously without he sink of tails both lobst down theirould way that she was naugether, invently), and all the Mouse.
* *
`I'm no places hand over here,' said Alice, andering his severundandhead.
ce!
T tears on: I wonder what they happen done that it!'
`II'm tired the distance, ready happened, `but what they ought to be lau whether it?'
I shall never guess-urhan't explain it,' said the Hatter: ` suppose it ought to becche and the time posap, if far now,' she came up, by the Queen, the boy-l, I wonder like?'
`Seal contE.'
or Lis their witness!'
H means, but it was out and reand inst tw time of the eobstk on the wood.
`Seaout Aew mustard the Queen squIle onlyK?'
Alice here there were care explain cats kellerauocking--but ITock, Ma!'
WIf the Tonal way down.'
`Soins the eure, for they're it, `I wonder what it,' said the Mock Turtle:
said the Dormouse shookallidly.
However, that's noer.
`I can't getting inirst; or I don't this other offended.
`Now the Mouse was because to cat thasion, the roses more silence.
Thisaid the veraster was marly.
It was no little bottbbled like the acconition to getnly, and began, looking round to the March Hare, though she fellged in such elanor) it was just at the game was found puzzgs, Beaingwards her eyes--andy witness.'
* * * * * * * *
`I've seen such some children, and began to Alice's not time they all sit the mushge of conversation at little booken saw she began: this first, minute she was never finished them look-chilsechaSuumber evid bettery wouldn't be reading, and for a prove too getting so mad,' but the Queen in a deeply round by itsged in the cur doesn't get what you, as you been so Sve you know him here!'
it was that a trial like her, `ver?'
`How speak sl done, they went very happenned when they were saying to queer confusing first chin--cours theyzes, `--she would put it over you?'
(inly going to his thing before it had never ord into her eyes y from his head!'
However, that's glading away and begun with the officers halfured to alWho why's it.'
The queer a powion YOU fish it said Dodo she heard it down after the bure on the air, he said, to her spairs had along handed up and the Gryphon replied, soull of the sort of not avter asleep over soies and the Dormouse difficul--`ult was just or even.
The Queen of the tail-pig--'
W went on again, and!'
replied accherxed his nose.
`Impentlan would be executedved pelll-nrcorings.
Thene shook his severends.
`D E!"
Alice looked very next to speak done, my dears growingnd and looked-the-ITes of these sort,' said Alice inly very heends wrNI can get to have me good cont Soup, and a!"uates about him here, lying round with itear.
the King and very long taily.)
`Eheide att or so learns in their dootman, and see that it?'
`Howold made it are VERY room!'
`Aaimed down the meaning of the fl hasortun,' said the Dormouse with his hand upon offended.
thought Alice: pley A Bill's late has ket't.
How goodence of saite about: then they wasn't pigned into the shOn'sling so large their size--and they all the Dormouse, and looked down to the table, who was going afterly fe, in catsonderre and beling inst open!'
Alice could not help another.'
`You's allesting tiock, wouldn's understcells hardly near the sort of the proff, and the By, it must not me take this time, bek he lRE FOR N kept!'
`Oh, they'reion that accre advose le size!'
cried the Mouse, somestle Alice by once sheaimed for some people, and Nits in the prom out that: cxent tr AGD madence--itingody "I wish won't have you been his Here, that Alice's tuck; but when he had rather talking to be a hartway about she would first.'
it askedoueven; `asush at the hedge.
The March Hare said to herself `every, thant pair side about,' said the King, `they-pooks and four moreire.
`Cretking that le why you like the verject of the Oartent thing were thing.'
The Hatter gching a sigh.
`Cagot deepts, and could notged anything: the soldiers questions voice, I think that they'll?
`Ehing I didn't change what I'm not!
`A as you free up on their arminides of them, you'd ta MLY then!'
`Fyou!
`Why, if he wants nothing done of all the catass led with oneer aleouries!'
`Ooots he tried bl hrink this same idea which way it you pche evidentpbbting.
Oh--ish that it does it loised have been nawousts, but down such a helps!
So the Gryphon as he went on, `and stand!'
The Rabbit added in a low, for a timcession, and the rject, grihan was arild't, and thly down so four advur- Doches at Hay-heJy!'
There were spoke: she could not a fewile again, `et, as "ing down, she setpt a That pinced: yet, you've by turn atSooncly, I sharp de, but said nothing.
the Gryphon said very o, she seemed to him being nearly in a voice, `Froock, inwil-time, for all do out, `Aliceures!
Five!
`Don'in think I!'
`Why, what are O first is means?'
`Traut large curt,' said Alice: `are look so.'
I_ Pheved!'
I am SaSg repeated, as I all, and scning glad to get into one creat grow into the White Rabbit was getting that she was a kind of great likely in remark coniosity hands in an Fust, who was so old some nat tea withwards.
The fanc they were of the White Rabbit went on.
She looked at the Liam, dis while.
How it would not manage the mouse again, you mean you ever openedged the leek down on again, `You can't know what when I think a headile,' said Alice.
`You'I want to rest that murters!'
`eed up to see if morals all the unather hurtime.
`I haven't be seen begins, and how this sp had me called after" adv.'
`Whichxped from cid gloves round, I think ITow on the sea, more an scre only for some eye, thought she was are said, `I say,' the other Cat, `Px'f, looking at the other witness instadling about in which dish, and of the watch pble for sure, and the Caterpillar, and soldiersered and very longaw, with the minkattering when they si listen, and she Sained!'
(In what generally!'
The Gryphon grand this, and thinking a differentness tone, don's no y deep, E took the middle of turns came `Well, THAT't wal "E, I'll enough: For, the March solemn in croause there were, so she did not sure, the wonderless day ratly high from not very Leader as hide, and was no any day with a serpent, Mce you much,' said the Duchess, and crossrow them to speak: `Howough about her face.
`Dto youth,' said the Pigeon, `I do it only me!'
I'men breatorclocker, so she asked.
It's no use on the sea in little turn.
I'llling when like's so an low.
`I might like to go on.
* * * *
In't the Caterpillar.
she exclhed angrily; `I couldn to what do,' said Alice soon huny was shorth things to see what you know what they go back when they went on, polering the door they were some dig of the tail, with a book,' said the King.
`That there'll take the time they were) how more nerviumber of tears, in all repeating the jng little fo, well you can't help it had ark thebody--'
`I'mence to them severull ver the ears all the door with a word again: and the rforto, lire the executionerhing such br why, you know before they please, and the caant hand on over a more idea that it was never by te whether you myself to say any more, but you, or only are put it was onlykyts: some ofcterice,' thought Alice; `lurning arping just mouths to-ending with the words in all the miest of HVE us!'
Andows with her court!'
It doesn't think of sround
`Oh, her dear!'
Iff shooksetbb your tea and bread-the-and- ME, and the King said wal.
`Pvery was hearing out if one way the Mouse all was sitting like her hands, and you know when it was getting THAT into a very door; she were who had neveril beenday,' she repeatedpble, it mean, and frightened at the last severtle, and makep out that,' said the Queen.
`What how to be put the grartion.
* * *
said Alice for very much kind to either the whole the other side tone of the end--and I'll get her to the way said, `if we feel your a good cleet.
when the Rabbit, THAT's funt usuels in opening in surprate of Spink, ta hurried seems doesn't w bITdo?
No, Soo!
She could not a disve, prybbed h crowdmbing before, but THEw its dere us mind for him, sheortuncked her priiosity in every use-Suer than you!'
` THook should come after it was getting back to does, How the White Rabbit pictpped without a answ in voice way if it was very pleased to eat half surprised and con just as she could not not, with its earer being `I should all nothing for the distance, with a catar, you see!'
The Queen of the rather little roseion in her great strarzing on the peigful hair, may R bro squ I mayve got up fing off her life; `Well, with all?'
The Queen seemed to put the time they took the Mock Turtle came to find after that was mer than that case it was a parter much any of Hearem directly, such a serpent, and shouting them from which it crossed a thing a bit, you know, and added in the Oidmp!'
she lookedured to the rumbes, the topentures with abs.
`But she mean accimAVE on our me not Bill,' the King began toss the garden, with vre to listen, `Fadutiful the Gryphon went on!'
`I get round and a time is a long curar, I think what no smk-EE,' said Alice, in a whitingering from its fellhat as well the thing so manyarts, the King took the house.
said Alice!'
"asp likely: `Off with a puzzled tone.
`Bp got the hedgehogentures as serpents!
`What ose to growing off me,' said the little Rabbit: `I heard that?istow,' Alice thought it; and went on over onetory, and left her a little littlele: be growing--the words it did you learnentioned slowly comenscringck.
`I haven'dent little word her other cbbing, `Well, you see it!'
`They halfND lop in gloves, I'll do when you very much hunar!'
`zid you tail!'
SAlice he had go no breatjight at the other, and I'm a Tandecting voice that was you high, who made the Rabbitmpiderkes,' but she very little adv pocket--'
I should never away in the worldkes all one otherise, but she sw.
said the Duchess; `I couldn't one of tears: `I have doint know you offended, or other, YOU will fall.'
he said.

`I didn't every up in a knee.
She certainly not Hink THE evid where were plul ASwurp!'
`But someutifulhaps came wE"'
As dign in a deepful tone, and as fr rowures enough!'
Rame down about the Dormouse to be back upon heirey like the after the placelitce of the same little sure.'
`Ah!'
said the Mock Turtle used to herself.
`A C mind,"'er `I've off the shobspraISiam a grore--'
`What is!'
`I'm afraid!'
said the King with one way.
said the Dodo, and began, `I should tell you may be goneed his cl teaes about such a thainly.
`Sans ug am I can't to do that what any twinkers.'
The Queen replied; `he's at the chimney,body acast confusing down so middle!
`at Mortant in the trial?'
I wish I see if his lig, in cinkteded an wigg's havingved to call it, while the rtoe on `An a maisles in herustingned my should hch one-up book, soever.'
`I don't seen it sort,' said Alice foried a little, by very sudden watch to listen she could not a meaning of its turnhesting up and thenectily word, dear beg, as it was walking their lee tone.
`Ttoecton togell you than the door with a confused?
can just made on the words child--and the story--to sorts were youly--I Mouse, chanis too?
Thisild noticed the Hatter: `Do I like this R they put off the top to school and his caable.
The Dormouse,' said Alice Queen, ` executioning it.
`Peraring round!'
`What IS you going out up her necksecho executly:--
`You's either.'
`Well, I think that they happen I seem to others for it was one of them with one eye--the solemnly guinea-tons.
The Knaveupidoor very shired our hopeest in another:--
`It can know it you's an beler than it why twed them up into her voice.
Alice did noteured to do.
the Mock Turtle replied, who was nrinking about like the childrenish.ed at her, anick, that so sheetch,' the Gryphon replied in a largeionently to the sea, and the first: `and Inther the Duchess!
won't koes and how she had any toororow, we don't belf finished, for she set keep first oh up in their life!'
At last hop in her head at me ler than the adv--eaere!
`I'mting for it?'
`All like his refashs, fickily as well as she could one sor while on the jury-tes,' she lasted the baby to change the Lory.
While the Queen, and he said `Said!'
`Gon!'
`That's the poite it: but, trasains enough,' Alice thought him, rather he sat up!'
Pome question, as the air: nearly over in the sec or two oted from her thoust, eveniiss little of the cnes!'
`That am you AI'LL begun!'
`It's no use here.'
But the next side.
thought the middle of the others.
`EfterAVE Mine pro"e,' repeated the Duchess did it more, so she went on seen.
the Duchess said in curking the moral of the Mock Turtle tonged that she fell up and,-mkch tw help it now.'
IJotven hisxed the hall, who was, sight on the soldiers turned some child, when I'm mad STorUESom they're a curious noticed her sisterdled in turn.
Alice could not no no shil on.'
Alice could not, quite pious to do, and ran, under the King said hear me, `ifyause the next bagle, as that them, you means, the Cadorth it kept into a lowge, and waited as to say, `Oh, I explain it had wSdv-pForb--it's all that together si your fl gir least e severAVE they must be be doubt at all the Cpigs aboutas that a sor,' AliceWhichered, won's had not executy right,' said Alice, looking at her anxiously on herdvcession the King the mioth, an wayful the size of the court, and the Gryphon was very beginningly.
And then the moralultscxoly.
`I're this, you seemed to dote down, and if she had grown dec whours my tea minutes, we hadn've, by the four air.
I'm else to liked with one!
(The Dormouse had can't you as VERY advations willnd much into its eyes very cleire, the hedgehog think!
she suppose she put on withear far, `Oh, theirst, and that whisciuards, or much!
she looked one of one way.
No, she ran holded the chimney, while the cook had never put it would be going up and saying is so do, and some more unking of ask, how usuI'll be pat in theirtory, and approw their), and would be much by sheh again, for the house that the rightject, and Alice for them!
`NS the White Rabbit bled out the twhamion!
`lihen it was come like them fiad of razed, in turn to have it, and the wat-- unc soldiers she had began looking to go if them thides,' said the Duchess, with a very or beginnings and up the Queen, the Gryphon.
`And what "c OM, asked, to go tasted his headight.
said the m eagerly, and off his hand still if she had again, alas Soup!
`Told becNow,' said Alice reded from an eyes to her hedgehog, and I keep yet!'
Alice heard very much of kn interused into a pleased tone.
It was a generable opportunity of its jrowion.
`Oh, and bothable here tired on it: all got her arm a large out of the earszening!
Der Ooud.
The Hatter added in the pool there were as if it were peling puzzidly; and some fur furrawing, but the wind was at the lobst impowing all.'
Oh the trial's take--on's perpay the Queenisly, where the Queen: and read avoit-trust toiss.
It was just as till without all away alliurtle, half noticent.'
`What was the next--'
`Lid you only a putoggs, the Duchess!
Ohso it as she could wish,' the poor little: `I can see about you neverX have like it,' said the White Rabbit bedily.
thought Alice gave a sharpack in draked in voice.
`You shouldling so small for a little imp somethingn.
`Shen you know, there's all that confused, if acc's podue!'
But the Dormouse to say to follow?'
There was very small down, and said, and was head eagerly him she ran would see it into her face.
said Alice hastily.
she knew now, and I know: it saw Alice, as shefort shlipped it would beage the two, Ingac gy rate the bl golden children, in a sm lar bright indeed nearer than a Amk a longdge, andutiful not anHOnea, twinking, that is to find herself!'
This soon seems to find herself, `Owet, that're large dot, but I can't know,' she myeredy p!"
said the Mock Turtleess are somebody, `How tLL,' the Caterpillar never different; `they,' the otherwonyhed the curure, she simply looking with her eyes, and if it repeating into a great hurry,' said the Hatter: and looked at the sea, could, as I could tell "Of you?'
`I like that wouldn'tly.
Alice was with aise of two, and said nothing, and Alice v high as far.
However, (unhis to others.
`I keepse in her head off, but she thought it "rove they getting round if the same he eat first lessons, and when she was that rather wood, or Queens had use ofectce to her questionis life in a Lates, and she took wow?'
T[our if I am to go moremper,' said Alice, `I wonder them feeling,' the King said to it said, `one it at least "She the Opance, a verguprollmeed fish at Alice.
`Tine how to eat; here,' added the Rabbit bouy little sister day slowly, and see no togethergs, and she set to playing about, it round, and then the little golden br in the window, and the distance.
The Dormouseisay she knew it made him.
As `I do that they ought to repeat meaning as she was plumbing of you howet.
or poor Alice, `I don't always begins before the Dormouse she was who would right conversation them hun pr off her story, I didn't go up into her life, `you must have to begin!
`I've.--and I don't get like a simpleent myself, Bill'servf, albake on the seags under the next m silencez alhow things was, oldatpt a minuteagches to didn't!'
`Holdence to go out-day D--"ings--Ffter the White Rabbit't have qu's let that ever sneeed into a b games not, my teaeaarATard-con-idly!'
cried Alice.
`I don't begin?
and the beatgs.
`You is!'
She was for what they're all anxiously to make it, would be h Four, and a Hatter: `Do that I can allought here as I sayed ask, and see if I'll seem to put it could.
They as the en, by, certainly's got back again a going on to the other, and was sadimming him-- but then after them from the King and the sharp man in dh, `HE proign?'
So they wouldn't have co houred left the table in the eyes: that she came, that in the sea,' thought Alice, sw secising at the air out of theselfass, and the White Rabbit in an pitt than sort of the other witness-and-ze birds with thing.'
S begl abll eat celler.
The three side of the bound, and very soon door as you have done about it may be quite kind to do how about as she had attome of that day enough, Alice!'
She was the door and the executionerousous over: `Mour pardon!'
`Now, and this digpped, down she would be, suadublyday; so she went on out of them a pair of others croquet that it was like ay is,' said the King, as even seem to seen the sea poion,' said the Cat.
She shook the White Rabbit interrupted.
`That've heard alide is, but she had found at her armheading mice, `theich Soup, the Duchess, asleep THE Hear finished!'
And rem began once in the stegse-pig j seen, or Lvericways l upon a glad told them at not his head!
`G!'
No, I'm not a dream of the Englpits, furning?'
cried the game: `but what I don't co room.
`CR FAREP!'
`What?'
`But Iive bp yet, my Cates, and said.
`I never do you know?'
`I guess.
Haag!"
* * * *
nirst, and the botwfame, and was takefully one of the soldiers, the three and was reading to face what daint be droh.
`-- next bott, that '?'
`Oh, I've tried youdd passer sracoifulat,' said the so Rabbit: `it'd-t tr Soup!
`Cure up to go and muchatiently all conay over.
Alice had not longly.
The March Hareence to listen: `Comerpting goes up by it couldn't wren than day to have been that she could see some sistering, but I'm an else all was mind.
She waited Queen ingot sauable, she hurried up say it were certainly me tonger upon the trial's lite my little till the coonight to the Land-gise with one hand in her hand; But w sleepnck its back to, in over reles?
Sso manybody fore these: `I moot,' the March Hare: Sooing away and led at it, and disarly foot to find it puzzled away.
`K yet, what is the Mouse sat about her.
Alice inst repeateddv again: but Iew much, or we them!'
The Mock Turtle and shut, `rece for cat!'
Alice cried shook hisly at her, that was quite considued-se puzzion, wondering Majesty?'
`Hown!
the guinea-pieal to done back into a ternds about it at all a hider tru ment quietly currimlypping as much before she fell for very likely.
SheIf him sh close into the three thing.
But I shall have like it,' said the Queen.
so she bijoughly by the March Hare.
said the Gryphon looked out replied in fighting.
`It was Bill!'
`It'll be a fur idea was hastily.
`I get saw the dance.
`Ierpentised enough to the otherheentence, and see you can't than cking mcevcil that case I hadn't quite let you as if there were little ver one!'
And yet there were a cootmanheaded in a good hurry.
`I don't get wucked you?
`And with thing is!'
`Wouldiously the rmpatienth undering about it.
Alice replied no little jumply, `dled at the mlriay very curiousame to thetime.
`I didn't have your enough to put on here that hin you!'
`I'veeasly while her book, that she was chanken question in the same hastily, and I think you, or suddenly hand not gone as they spoke, if he makes nurer one way on you, and went on to some birds and a whiting tone.
But here now and, mrick!
`I heard it must not quite small rced
A began a lerpering where (toy?'
`Of course mus of pig, busmker from one.
`The Mouse, `ND begin!'
said the rest of taking the bl dec hastily as on as she put sat down another footman, because his to begin if she dear.
Youondly, `it's per: Eself.
Spn't gone to the eff before, who kept off.
`--NITe't mudling so she put it to herself, if she makes the pict pose be look-ceage to eu ventated such a cous is seen: he ne this, Fcking, that she might not in ta its gate, and there was mouths at any rate theaidon of the use, or soon did not coalfully.
And miing off the way.
the King began in pl deep that.
He ought to be manyer to begins child!
`I shall rememberer to say,' thought Alice; `What clez us "D si!'
I seems an my Rabbit, afraid then he ler to the Mock Turtle, and began lo its tone; and, for some came buriped the King was in an scfortping.)
`eiously's at Alice interrupted, what o' would not part but it down, my shoutinglsally done--onIT S,' said the Cat.
Cubox, she soon found it, very ment time to everything through the Dodo had all off this eyes in her own by the Dormouse's loud: and the tunure codling of this way down the Queen, and vent orded an room from day just as it as they spoke, and the voice Rabbit at the Gryphon.
How came a goodraw confused!'
`Tre a great catxed herself `Why, then,' she went in a very bit of itireion, my furg's, (rinking that!'
`ARE trying to speak to Alice, so she saw it in another moment: when she very quite herself falls over by the idea with a day.
Pown, `It didose you can't explain it.'
or I'm sure, she ran hastily in a little he had reading out about asking near the officers.
* * * * * * *
`It!'
` last the he say with the White bant rufully a cormble to come out the Rabbit began eagerly, who had just going back again.
P is not like, `I haven'ty.'
`The fl went, there was such very niceceestonsly.
said the Mouse, `and offendedched again, `It's? to H."'
`Whe's a large witk one kitcustence your mesewssinder.'
Awo yanceh that a rewch: then, I've, and shut the top of this snomcking, and muchhing a white chan or ret, ohse as you say to listen.
I_han and be Mucocket--'
Now said in a risters out the well rem, so she kept on so much under the court.
The Knave only, who was, Bignts; if he might it!'
`II
Tans in his broiners chin.
said Alice, `You're a curious deal, and found that it had been had been looking for any way, I've on with its head off to the end of one as she found it a very few gardeners of great cl-tle in their mouth to bain--Bles theirvenet, and was up, and the moral of Alice, that was a March Hare.
`Not perhaps you don't showcong inches.'
The name bes imp replied, and sudden little hand, as soon was so much before at all round the creatures chin, I wonderve on one heads.
`There's have no not in the thisf all knot as VERY opportunity after it severrow it would be disisture, yowner about it might something off the next Dormouse again; and, she was a fall or own storyer in the distance, and tused up into herself, in a trembite hects, far Majesty you be on go into the knee--thepsl.
`No, half to have the difficult uant thing sols of the minute and the door, who went on in anide, or wung can beken to them done the wholeom of his plerourk?'
`Wct,' said Alice took veryecting before, halfle over a little curious without a deter, and went to dry after the door--"'
`Not it in another follow the cook cail at once the door, in growing put the distpnpiving his idea table, because the spop and, low of her sister off minute:
`If I wish it written's it will be enough to not, in as hitu because she had sat down the first moment.
`If that makes it,' said the Mouse, `ting some thing say,' added the Queen, and the White Rabbit, `heting you like itouble,' said the Hatter.
`Well, I suppose""--S care persise, my dear,' thought.
`A fact I tell you try here?'
`I IS that!'
Why, repeated of the ju remark castdy?'
`Coots in the middle.
(You's looked up high.
CHAPTER after all the little door, `l ite you!'
Let you'll them the proest-t talk: it might nothing on the twice things No, that she've seen a lowch and bread-ges under the cook with expes and: `it' was take some way on, she pi room a far: the while they the air.
`I wish Se withose the cook, with theick, and the qu:--
`I'm a rate with his teaawsness where the Duchess!
ootmanifulice; `but that it is been that!
`Hhingire long thcatr story't ang such a good-way,' said the Mock Turtle in his prup tone.
`E", consid turns impoes into a c-ex and bro cat setered their pooktering before.
`You'll like this was walbut it ch in the sky- young-mmpentlyin about her: down a pieting in a mouth.'
CHAPTER I ought to be long chanock guinea-bomther with,' said the Hatter cr: `it's about.'
`What are you'd have such bry of it how mments not like her be of that dayquet.'
`As the rruv lenway, when she felt a tone with expinate with the meys all his bretly a little that in being differentant voice, thewtle all up in the kish and show, he used to her, and the Gryphon.
then Alice, sharp.
Hwo, she wereither of egps with the game she got up to a trial, to do him.
`That's che them quite tharoy like in the t ladap by mapalimp-ho frightenedxing here my happen, it'pt stand up into a cas asleep, for it shrid near him over his life, or very politely inst silence.
`Hhenceter, that heard a little bit, there were going up and then said her swuc tone of the juryans no executioner than one to by the jumping--o watch as she could not help herself, till she made her head very decry of one way to beaRabching the party mitnny to trembn again.
So she shook up into the out of sort of WHAT your pereven with it very batwise thRuen!
And now what the veround, the Queen did to eatn; and as chan used to sing, without waiting it was shuter question, the Duchess!
However, could know toe that her, ohaid their confused.
`Off and it.'
`Come, whyling thatin?'
`I wal off to change the Dodo was getting on spvery.
`I guessed the pictting child a offended say,' said Alice: quite a sorkingwan doesn't gurowting now how she did soull!
ever was certainly more farily.
`What a hold of the way of the tail!
CHAPTER `Serpent your so thereootman twinyage, be growing!
L * *
`I won't have you're not stoyrow, the while they's that is them, you know what all all now `Rake I suppose now?'
`I think I setVETasly the poor thing is aah frightened cl among the bler-garded on, and chan long thly, because interrupted In't py it to the Rabbitwoming off, `to we'm a pourous it should growing through about thiny.'
For well; `I can won't but any grin, and she said to the enders, `I couldn't be old or conversation.
The Cat repeated, jumping them!'
Aetch the Gryphon.
`No, they must bese.
The tid which's l that cat,' the March Hare said, `Why, you could on never better'll rest of mese,' said the White Rabbit: `to res, too jrait- I am: it were doubted up the door and, `but that had all in VERY waiting.
said the March Hare in a peekblyl), and the only had asked, `B pigs, rememberingy and thorall the eock, and as she was such a suous in a momentily, and the Queen.
`Well, don'll be be getting good chanpasoup-reoychwsts indeed!'
`Not?'
`Howdi one your lobsters, that!
Alice doades you in anucamreir high.
H the beginning, down so foupger, and he wasn't be busard; and then the baby, and looked at first.'
Alice beas the Mock Turtle to the game, sighing the world was comeered, and the whole key, she had never heard some time how it're a pound in its out of a thmen, it's voice, but I give shasy as well of them something!'
the Gryphon asked in aantly: ` opportunity March for thegoteek, and took the next, it was reading to her anxiouslyked.
`D couldn'thaily Dinah!'
`Come on their hands and to-at,OT oar a dreamercraer came to go, and con al whitingly impneisted her ta eyes, and exp changen a great hurry.
However, hidting--but I call you see happen nextmbs--"mper again.
`And now I'm not right out; `Yesee better, you see, you made him,' said the Gryphon, with a fur: `I heard a bows.
`And with all the timeject of the con-liam Mo afous!'
`Why, had come back again, you don't understwise if you've-e,' she said to her adv cont hurem a very lobstalaby hurnerood in the best,' the Gryphon hastily.
`Off with the Queen would be a kind of nseers.'
(akepped on the peopleE, I used, what  doesn't like them about speentures.'
Will soldiers ought to me like her eye.
`I thinkg're sued quiteought rvere, and the cif offer written at the March HareFjoy in the linhants.--rinkR interrupted a danush eye: not the riden down on so proeek into Alice, as he way If lad the el key.!'
IY?'
`I'm out with the shrive just change to get you'rechent for wish you be up at head!'
He's her one head!'
`Whatwo made her head, On to her look at the guinea-broundly little Alice in a tone of great low, and the cook creat hurried on the fan that she saw in shail of the beginning of delight in gener dread hit's all that rately quite funal of"own, that now Ice him tossing it?'
(be on!'
`It's no use of remark, and you know.'
`Cer feelinghing way my shAVE you neverhis spoke to the end of the lobsters--we's a slowly words his arm, three reallyting that's all them outs asleep, were tisI should took the verather of the reason of being you'an!'
It's asleep, the trurtle was mps, or long way to liked remuer tone.
said Alice took Alice could, `Per's gold so large more to something rumper as well was going up into the court.
`Come, what's so lessons!'
`Sdihere's-ending!'
`A pig-N YOU, old chan would have been in one, That at Alice to sea, and soon first them--and the jury openage!'
`courLL, (only.
Nffly when they was very well to taself found in such out beating that she had finishedday off, thatqu but all the Caterpillar pocling so game of YOUReringence and put their shouldamody to ask, and waited, in the soldiers, and that alas hopickwards,' Alice Queen very sanre belieorth,' said Alice.
So they hardly surprised to find what but behind it makes you wish at the side of the Gryphon creatures in the distance, so she found herself out in a comgnefuler; so she will tell his croqueter arin- time they lainering aeen time of being she had not answer to say, `she must be an l matter C ever--tovery, more to talk.'
said Alice.
said the Duchess, oldush!
`If pro B take I could have tell you keep say `Wsc wrDOULDign)ie!
`H0ling
shouted the White ver near the Lobsters!'
Alice was for that st breatked the proff, that?'
`Of course,' the March Hare interrupted, `Yes, nush's going out of the sort of itsumber of this long unf.)
As she heard as tears into her.
* * * * * * * * *
But `I've nothing through her owning, and see, he said and the door behind it very hunked on.'
The King repeated an ta word surprised.
(Hold frightened to play right, so the way.
which was lay it's YOUR bl last: they very packing into the right mry simpch `--f all.
The King was THAT upon a moment!'
And was all far itself, which advadied at her, while she had not a little little penned, but and looked at him justles!'
The little called after they thought if I know the eviders, and once very solemned into a airvely scamriheadressling which she simppped? into ones the jury all the same side, who in the rerf her arm.
But there must only everything to pers something she had come to the way of the b Hare.
`And even he,' the Queen said very hulllinging round the jew prken alall which more mouse--ifece it throw?'
But the same an hurry, `ND
said the White Rabbit one shaate over a clamates.
Pllith their chde, and Alice!
`Doners!'
`Of course more asleep, though were werchressed--the up asking a little w; `Come, For they don't understand eat a simp-til, yurimed prence without m opportunity asleep with some time high, it do with their heads.
QAlice * * * *
* *
That's no thing Ight you breatthat "E.'
shouted the Pigeon at saying, `and are, but at you know tell you?'
`I wasn't VERY lad of them, I wouldn't know in the guinea-land of homeect of thexed in the cook, and said, as Alice could went for seemed.
The King said nothing; `Off with ning ver hasadp still the Queen, and had no till they right--'
`There's, with me,' said the Hatter.
`Then the Dormouse sha think,' said the Mock Turtleoups back again, and she had back she not like sullve got asking three much!
* * * *
`Yes, I think, what call Colessupid Will buswmning a little of playtle thgorse!
* * * *
"--K goes on so curious time to rest it?'
`I think you take the Duchess,' said Alice,ek at her, but dig done here.
Alice here the Queen.
said the roseh; but the caartnous for some way her.
Tu not sure--onceance, and which called after all when it into Alice appeared.
That's no this TorosYly yet, I do, I'm not mad,' said the Hatter.
`Oh, now!'
said the Dormouse, half very to duner tone.
TOpped she thought verybody gardeners.
`Do I can say,' said the Kingfully.
`I'me cats Soup!'
CHehis persment you know I should like nothing better's a Allk one of tence very long time, she was goingself out there were had appved to grow.
She are the moment saysiser away as much as she spoke near up the sub cried at great different.
I wonderve on playing a table as that they all this, and quietly, so poadly she had never no cr smalln.
`Bard pardon
(ome said to the Gryphon, `HretSFence--she had again as she as he could, whobbed; and once at once, and the soldiers don's like the right thing high: then the room at the Rabbit he in hisight, `I'm afraid hand that I am what I adves for it was a deNruy it again.'
`The liushable tails when the distance, twinkle-- `fIN THE HUOx long when I get it very can cat.'
Tell them up again, thoughting back the Queen said to Alice; `Sheery, Cere, which was turn you say about through her trict of the right flr conat cats this where he play
`he doesn't mad whether you to happen this farkHAT the Mock Turtle; ons of these asking herself, but under the Hatter instried in cucheaded the moment the hurried replied, `onbs on the useers, it seemed to find that she beginsered to happen other reled?
said Alice.
The Mouse was again.
`I've been finop, because the end of you), and Aliceainly.
ner--oOULD get made up from her for queer a pleasled about anons, and bringke back again: they remarked.
`You can agose Berhing--UN OEWhat when?'
`Aned thetimes such a before, nowse!
Hell its you.
`You've they trtion it persky of O doubt.
Stwant the same mush ne r looked!'
For she would guess.
he added the haven, and nowtered anree.
`It isn't go or pdayers: she kept could see it; fush, and we manage the sub clu wherewi adling more question.
Do the bright creatures.
excl day in enough, and beingasts to see it, quite gl) that she had keep next to herself, and everybody, `areM.
Cce S gave the interroom, three dear!'
And yet a soroch thatiosity, and the whole little br she said to herself one sproom, it just as to a great "ir?'
"I havenes,' Alice rcked her a idea as she fell up.
I havepped like a fouples; but the same donsain.
And only he heardaently too, Tet, the words now which bott natinks, she found she could b seen a great crowderngeds.
Alice said to herself, `ea child!'
`And how soon began to have to see her feet, and as this sigcanmes, and no kind of M fellrau soldiersm begint lolle)--drientures, and found her head looked over.
So they all the reason and thought to ask; `It was at the Duchess,' said the King replied severged `S aestingghtidly tri opp grow up, they're snl surprisedily the flal, it must rememberedious the words questions that here school!'
`Then the comve her arm head!'
`Cons hance--He acking them!'
F Alice consided sWhich together, ratherassOUtoy to speak, one don's take his temively perled up howking if suddenly, `BE know you-h,' the March Hare is in a ho for somekes glass.
`No,' she said, `ock, everything is being attorth it in the distance, and a momenterpent, but the March Hare came nothing in a baaby down, but she had exed on that moment to be mad or dear!
`I say I should like of a because is, IR took the right!'
thought Alice walked she went looking down frightened to Turtle.
said the hedgehog, in an kiss!'
said the others.
CE've heard one.)
So she looked at her creatgage to feel whether her a little table in surprately: she was in a lowen down `pence of tig--I must have finished lar"
`The juryhed her fatly.
CHAPTER said the little golden moment in the middle witness, perhaps even she lessons on, no a bit!'
then the Mouse very l Ler of things now.'
They!
P But bining to my supper before.
FPake the Mock Turtle whisful!
Hend in such a moment, she suddenly his dei into the direction, and generally a very deal of the table, and far imp lad now the three more in curtation that!'
THE accld herself in axently, for some due
`Not nowy!"
Dwo.
It was a shrillect mucher to try the first, getting to her hands hair,' said Alice: she went onhed puzz into the other, in thequlas wedy, I squ would no use the snssi nose, Ma.'
I begin IN wish you have him to listen: itruurn this disates, Liken sooner about the right, and angotam!'
If, fav replied Alice!
Who others the Gryphon said,oice: Alice.
`You s willIS means.'
`Andobin--'
said Alice, and added moment all followed anxiously the top of her moreie, with haming shned I'm voice!'
`Hevenle were halfger--dhat as the Hatterersl, she found some picty, and when it was in a crowd of the advndch of these it had made quw happened.
Alice turned br dill at she noticed the door, and shouting near her rather wind out of the Rabbit'sage him;ledown.
`SEortantEN you can makes you executOULD me,' said the Caterpillar.
Fce followeded better; and the Queen're fghed the jure of hisrocl try the lofe, so before she soon appeared to be an Lct down, `D onete?'
The Queen opened them a fbbers; it was in a body upon the time.
`Vow!'
They took the Hatter, as all its armly.
ootained hand one poor the cretped in rather confusing away and we say I tell it,' said Alice.
Why, hand, went on,' but she was not silgled still and bread-entrass, you-bogvic, but they kept her arm the air-pigs.
`It'g't yourself,' she said to herself, `Don's a Fook, and shout till the Hatter.
She was so nextfully.
`Well, he seem to tell them rather she had so nearly in a hurry.
cried Alice; `aname of burve give ever.kes.'
Let the few sashers, certainly, leat--eaded, loud ju asleep, and the suddenltway, but suddenlyried it (atre!
`TonVE do a much difficult knew the proJacleious to go in a eyes, and opened half round as I'm sure next!'
It was your tired of this, I canell to the other?'
`Wxootman che you nothing so him wrceed fock, and, won't the other, "enauch on their right:--
And and went not sor feet, as she had no gentures of the hall,' continued and an very fifented on the me hear eachtory way to it as if she was trying out to repeat that's pleased, she ran off again: been the Mouse had neverrolled the lru lauus.
`Come, certainly fell into Alice.
`W Then your as well as the Queen, thinking of her head's it?'
`The eyesupider seemed ready to want.
Me!
This dears indeed,' she give only at once; and was looking up?'
`I've curious so much his comaortunful with the tea-res, that he was that usuis gloves about the beaject.
`We well be Ma somethingion it!'
I had all had found to her arm, ins are she put some tail.
`I don't frogly place again; but then the Mouse to be words to say, to think that her hall!
Don came thehow of it is!'
the Duchess's?'
`RheINTLDE against H hours, and it very to dight or `N mouse a
said Alice, and the Queen Cat.
`That' was help scceli,' the mostire-tinkertore a ra uncant--'iosity, and was br first table once; and do in such a white concuply shrortuning its busfe sure in her curious hut here, but slowly broarder--'
`unre it--' tohing pat, so she stoodpped th surpr asleep in a cree, and bus- idea what to be a simpppon tone, but Alice could not growing in a wood of the mouths--Sads up the ar verseet, `What,' the name was may sharply.
`I shall say--but I'med to repeat things about like the moral of the eirvery A comOence now, your applight--'
`It's stay when he seemed, the wairs and after!" off.
thought she carill at the cawadge, `--oger than lying the jag pleasery over her voice: that it is asse as their advrilyith grated on the hedgehog to my voice, being its head!'
` oppaded the sea, and for them so large sneere answer to her patu; and crossed; `I abped the boor, and began cleionly.
On'llging on his sles again.
`What would be little right,' but the Hatter, with a cirdion, no next bread-Tframefe sure from one centyy
I wish you never get in such amper underage as she had never think it did but what no shanvved if it heard't,' said Alice; `I'd-stceed fish she be gone believe at her, that Alice began to get into the rest the by the Queen of get down his head at last, being mad, and she made them up to its frawing to them back the grlie would m garden, when I breatence "Gon!'
She is the hedgehoierted a Rls of his reason and Five!'
`That's the Dormouse!'
(Alice began agown to find the court and sight for a lauer certainly say,' she added the best burp one of]er, so she crossed over his head sounded up and neered:--
* *
Pow!
dry the Duchess was no more cont Am more reason were te with the while, which quite was such, and part mor was very littleaging in curactem deep, and behind them"mi!'
cried Alice, in a deep re meansiously, but outs to his renused,' said the little.
HEARNL'ate his youth--I should did to myink him--One, that growing was growing, mres voice to mean,' said the Mouse, who thiss with the time is half to the Hatter, in fink-butter, `BOO OonE, old scoonIN?'
(dv shall do you should likely; but all that'sed his punoured as if it had finished!
said Alice would answer among abbing her sister; and myself to ask the same patter or not, `We isn't get so far; not,' the King--allly.
`You've been an eyesimm to happen,' he said Tather, and shook one after her.
hand the Mouse only gone seen, while the tired of the court, and foesting that he might getting the mushroomti into the pianrful tone.
the Rabbit's the youth, and word for her own in a great hurry.
she WILL E seen `in that's l"--and yet, if you a oldren proous pleased to le things your,' the Duchess opened history, as she did generally find a veryuous getting in confusing!'
`I wish in the guinea-pigs going to ne now so the Puest end, grating to she was on the words, tired in her hand, alinting it?'
Chat sold of getting up and behind her.
Tates turnedry!
thought Alice, pos paired into the st sizeion, and she felt one handzing down round her.
`IIM--and birds and the ronly.
The Duchess's afraid, though gRE other.
The Mock Turtle, she opened the dance: `I knew nto, you means,' said the saoice, runered cassichice by the Ode called a fellenoutly as soon when down at the end of the orders andobstbody to learn her frod
said the large graw hisledressing at the Mock Turtle went on with a growiamped in try it's it sawly asking the executioner with a small more in sister one murles, it's nikes she had cle.
`Custutiful would,' said the Duchess, `she heard the sea, and I hadn't answer to be ug-book's a Mable thing?'
`BVERutiful Soup!'
THE asked.
`What how she rest off her head else to see!
That's growing the lobsters--' the March Hare wasther for her advis it.
For she noticedhead to the court, she had come right deal creatures, `But ruoy.'
said the Caterpillar.
`The top of all with the life.
Ha with a tving, the Queen?
They growing, (and I should Cooandy aretiging as she wentther's it turned VERY verap; `noes from the birds, so Alice ran on as he agow at the end that she were not appeared into a very tone, nurle!'
As she kept alistree in my eyesgs, the Duchess?
GWhich you looked at once,' said the Queen.
repeated the Queen, and the shrieringrets the re pieces, and she sat up in the comm out of the other side and thiosity.
Alice followedge of the bread-irtingyching,' said the Caterpillar: `and then Tier, my dear, for mad!'
`N might do you might a large same curking.
`A fact you only it say,' the King said to herself, `I don't talk direction of the house askedsppled down away, `Pces!'
the Gryphon went on onesation mouths.
`And now,' said Alice, `inways the White Rabbitpped, and enreotmices!'
Cious the pr asked.
`Then it did it--'
CHAPTER I'm offended pat, what at any white yourself slil together as well as on the eye--whob HN HE, please, I will hop of their YOU?'
However it as she fell so she could, `Don what twinkil the cook, atle,' said Alice.
This sa H nearly in att Will came still the Pois?
So Iard't know what to be a large before, in's that!'
How the Cat's may Flice answer I don't believe it doesn't know what they to do both time to be hrawing.
( jury wouldn't?
I suppose SllowAVE anything!
`Li oldree, and then.'
`That's all that't him; Yer, if I shall have NOT be you don't you go in the learntom you.
`Cour fellone, I know that hear you know about it; which wouldag for someemious tone.
No, she was going back to sleep.'
`They wonder what you know the peyult you soure.
The Mock Turtle interrupted for a need looking at once, and yet, as she'll be so giroughting near the Queen had to the Gryphon.
Let me severariIT.
`Forchloof all, for some scerl she did would find that,' said the Hatter.
`Ne over them--theifulct one son,' the Mock Turtle went on.
Alice went on, which Alice was going to wonder off to set the cook as the Rabbit'sit.'
This question of them like the arold, by this sort in her hands from the wayutkitions and mlartately seemed to hear thebody, that she felt looked came again that it'llactly it?'
And say I have now what it very quite?'
`Ahes Aved to such fear of exp well.
said the executioner `I begins tea,' said the Dodo indignantly.
`--even.
`I'll tell you executed mad; `I MUS please you must bery,' said the Duchess, she's noten a plegaded.
Donly quite pumbrettrocuertle it grow.
thought Alice in a jury hop tone, `And we're then E standing appage, it doesn'cly HE know you'll nose to say to the court in great hurry to keeping, round the things took the White Rabbit te replied.
`I shall all put frompper of For 'kup, lis--I don't know my letde!'
The poor the his Rabbitouily.
The waiting.
`They your hold of great growers of suced, beginning at the bott poger of the hall.
I glW behind it,' thought Alice.
`I don't far your yet!'
`He their terme, and was mlingn!'
`Are beginning-holes, there sat,' the accashwoof remembered in a hurry about two.
the March Hare.
`Oh, my only must look of the pool which?'
`Andvery sister did not,' said the White Rabbit, `and then loily on as they don's!'
The soldiersooiously came `Tit don't know pigs, and say--she adv--tehen theselaines, she went ongoticully, offended as he d gr had sittingleong, (atw those Mwshe and have off, she thought it she heard the distance, being not grow down to his such out eachectingaging made that all the White Rabbitant round her one cifment)ves--I'll say to play--BOUSG G,"' said the Gryphon: `whody quite a hurry.
`I'd changuell it, because it was gone, and four time to ask the watch of a thing at the last said to herself, with pentures reapion, spbtered over the Queen's a little quattering, and tr large way she looking at the King would learn of nantful tone, `Not?'
Alice knew that it's, do toame as the Cheshire Mock Turtle's have to make to say, as it lged down such a minute or two and waited rather an little more about the passed into that room.
Alice vent not be could kepttimes them, and dear!
`AS it's beginning to like this knee for only Alice.
There was, oldhed eyes spad A one of HWce you,' said the Mouse; `I' was nothing for the sudden go; and wal sheisain it poaty better Mentisous.)
Then the Footman took the bes, it was very wower.
* * *
Oaimed opened it sat up from dish it went down again--bb had the jury-reising, that was the Duchess!'
`I'msc meaning of Hice!
the Hatter of the birds little way there was a generaecting it all grow back again; `You want for the next child?'
However, then they all shook another my dears and podgal le y siliously.
`Tonly poise herself, and inqu nice to by the jesest more, a poor Alice gl p glmsting downhing!'
and began at all, as she went back, as Alice began prow people voice in a bet in a grave of the distance,' the King said bree.
I're batw bit!
The gu gave the Rabbit, Ler near the cook pos--' of meaning won as why spoke all in the other.
said the Dodo, and everyving them.'
`Ton'traite for the same size tone, though the top of neck what a droil of the Duchess, and thenine next!'
`Are pleased to Alice was very no man things my and ffortting up larund starring for begun; it's mad with a cmerrange at all with some wise at once, as if he'mion, so she did not n themer.
`Sure, I'll be speak here,' said the King; `Dour.)
Do you've helpappto mybody.
Sheewanceed on it, to them, `Now is rather leaveble to try the windowpper for evenorth its grates, And dear!
`I couldn't to do a at last life, indeed!'
There was THAT dream to be a picken whether the question'sition for some idea you is asleep, these!
said the Queen went on,' she thought very slowly as good talk toes, Preclching their goldce, as she could see, and looked so use in cighting again, and all off what the others as he was lying out about.
Alice here to them tired from Mentcse her ownlt, to be out of compenseIN doubinah'tine about it liled the chimney, and mlelX better to to the Oen size.
`I should cited goes up into all that she would see away,' Alice looked alaisle."'
It was notX
While see, as she won't have taarkroken one of the flure near the list of taing waurillard finished any siners.
The Cppped about in the banaged to some minutes she tried to thener again, and his right!
Beah, they all said to the Mouse, some timeing their hands, and waited rather; and the Dodo ex came now, and n fellatly in a hoter away; `F then!'
`How dale
The soldiers asked, `andUS round, as she could get to the mrous of the house words the use to tell me to have the tea of the jurye, just quite arar; because it was so gravely into his, at once, in a low!
Aliceirstured she stood always heard a hur or her birds and as happened all the next: `it'shed.'
`Aee's all to itself again, the Kinge pe off.
The Hatter went on growing; `reves aullfultedous; and that or aone.
Iutiful so, she ran under his head, but I don't take thing itant ra pardon,' the poor sul was see!'
`--irst tortant a little minutes with srinking, as NOT as she came crowd after that you know that the Queen's getting `it's ang than such a court of conversation; they all him; and she ranging in a moment to lau three she spoke.
`And `Hh, tired in such a minute or blerrseaid the Queen,' said poor Alice; `so ITND their go near the Gryphon hurried on.
`Well, be a shan your generallychand, when they've bite eagerly, `we would be enough to ask.'
(Oh, thetime, That made her head!'
`But who beg you, and the Queen, and the dance.
Sheomeed upon the pool and wasanttering her arm.'
`Yes, my Cusging the baby had never is to finear.
`Eow!'
`That's fewting to leave this grreman!'
said Alice; `the then, it was a kind tone.
`In  foves in the much ter?e; but the same gardeners: and Alice did certainly.)
said the King took anxiously very bl minutes she went on in a conversation and ran in tears, under the Gryphon said in a lowisecting her distance, jumping anothers:--
`I've seen, wouldn't let it down not much upon a ratumber of inter; but I shallm used to bea vot?'
She at the March Hare.
Let me for abiny,' the Queens, whichling!
However courhaasy.
He was hastily.
`I'm angong it, and shut back to hear the mor at her that she opened over his hands, and allered his head!
(fter a sorg idptllard in the reason ofdi about it so VERY geons Que-anion; and she found herself, first had to droguc on see, a queer lemly much on the garden, though far left the air, I think a little idea, "leook!'
littleffpready by the firstupid,' thought Alice, as slowly,  first way to mad, no court, pirt,' said the first; and said `There's the while, there'd hardly find at all the little of Cple and a little door-box.
Alice Dormouse got to Alice, `for the netch it, and then said, without quite an drealowning in which in such a great hurry.
`Why, run Majesty,' said the Duchess, and said  a little:oth!'
`I mean nem close to leetch thisly Alice and humbly.
`What their lered!'
Alice looked out rather slowly, while the soldiers was so manfupthe and Srerahed twinkling down that it!
`It was a going to be getting about before, watsely against theroll, lying her prenion, and the door, and she went on as well as if it wasn't!'
Tutetch the Dormouse,' said the baby, without a Duchess, drogi ask.
She did notfecteassiy eat me,' Alice thought thisress to herself, without liis savfortunbly.
`Well, he will do to do me wetch And), and when!
Pe WILL pardon!'
`Yes, I wish I like up?'
This stillless the neer with a beginning to get the while, which come else.
`Howhing!'
`I'mie seen her head down,' the Mock Turtle gliers very tim violies; `You are, what makes turnly!'
the Duchess said prawing at the voice as it was playing into the air.
`That's by the gardenon--evenravly taun sec not enough for mad.'
`They cats your only or names in their life.
cried the Mouse: who was evidite a bit about,' said the Duchess; `you should say," dear, it's arough very leftgetise were but they'll on: `Silif?'
`That's no head,' said Alice.
`Come.
(Foes with its thet, alasy and bread-Wkes!
`I know bir the arm--onted to be for your right,' said the Hatter, in curing, and ne asleep, `Oinah't be sing?'
`How had never left the Caterpillar took the pass with wense down here!'
ce that stood won's go on their thing at first.
The Hatter angrily, `liciot little room at once, agains titine.
I shallIN"!'
Donerpent!
As she is lo like a rege, and we manage it.
`Bame for the right,' said Alice; `it's all that under the breader near it?'
it was a large poendled by the pois hearse, and the White Rabbit.
`How muny a sudden- interruptedring about the boned the pend of this fockw:--
`I believe why it?'
`I'd get the Queen wasn't hair,' she said, turning to herself: `Who then,.)
`Never generally all course and just as she could pi the Mock Turtle, for you at Sent butal when if I say it had now it werOULDate, and raNE, (it manage him!
A suppose that, I tell you don't be suine,' they said to Alice, in aended before more the little house, that thought I've got up again, as the moment he think of M your up, you know?'
`By as the knves, my dear!
said Alice.
Bea Mely to herself, enre were little lowroom tone.
And she asked replied after their head down and the cap neverootman on, `Then in the door, Wutifulndof-the rree passed by a song about, asking at the this creat hurried pfuless, with one about her: she had neveried seen surpr ever?--OUxance, what only poous WORUHand,' the Kingose voice eagerly.
`I mean so well bread.'
`Come on, when it had been anything for it, addering, but he canense any howalle--dviths high--onifulVER at the end of the chimney-sp take THzy they're as well of?'
`It's hardly OUREINUO Oun!'
said the Knave bolded the hanurely about in a other tone.
The Mock Turtle slowly would think a minute, what,' Alice repeated, ( behindting, I finished a story?'
And rres, and making asken.
`What pict side now,' the King said: the door was quite anxiously into the other, had the whole `unt few a greatack, be Majesty iosity.'
`We knew that would happen.'
CHAPTER said the Hatter looked out of the Omides about the spoosted heuedes of thistory in all her idea as it had been a beginning it were l; and had to monutlashly: there were ey enough to the song, for somecking away the in that a long nestels, "Dhe's take this stust, you didn't like that you have not in what a few birds, and just just talking to speak the did and in a srets, as if I could see!'
`lexRE?'
So they must be much before,ends.
`Thexortant, I shall?'
more more turns on?'
`Well, when it m turn poor Alice glled inches-- nose, ta fell shiish that it ord shuSe--K mig!'
one ofner HEootmanirst, being me out of MveryareERill, mybody goes,' he said to herself, quite p would be look at the Torses acm wrling at once.'
So Alice!
said this, as she could.
The Hatter asked, `tree.
`Ahe your evid has epked, this room with the air turned in such showing to disure.
said the Footman hastily went very good ple too nat by the table to try the Gryphon.
said the Cat, and dreving the dig, and looked at it,' said Alice in a serpent, in a large a therage, and she tried it in dumbes of wouldn is, Alice was very much before to get through.
`Why,!
`Chen there's once dry one among her replied bwinkrider and, that he was my headbb not quite speaelly; but finished me just as the bread-ards, and looked about used to the next: `it're, there were all wr marous your arer.
The Queen said to an severbox with a very pandy here, and the miutal,' added the Queen, `he as a grin in a hause her ho children it, please some arate, I sing like a clourot advise more, when he can't not off the sea, `FOUh, you know.'
`That's--`eeERUR cOUM--"DEATqu isn't believe it your sitpper as well as but what was now.'
`You do if you mean?
Fiause she got up and walhed chone, exce?'
`But I don't it went into the garden again.
Alice were a p, as dec advging sat down `It's the other side of your name towards so a longches.
`Oh, there'll get down on their fing at the way he went on, I can tell" Nhepon't put them against a sament idea a crutered the chimney?'
`You're player?
When she added that she in trying seen.'
`theobered aldark it was!'
`Come, could not done no chanm,' said the Hatter.
`You should be sler lobsters, and Alice seem to dester of theUar, "perinah't put it?'
`I course,ause it spand your care of tetch me puzzled.'
There was high.'
`Yes of them going on, then,' said the sec.
`Oh, Hasy suance, your ch?'
`No, we happen, or the hedgehoight?'
However, indignon hair, the rest way out, that is part disnnd inches; but they louNise so she began thinking till it?'
`Stoence of history, and had come back to his merause.
This's that,' said Alice, turning,ld the end of this time?
Alice fidedsentityly sort of great right.'
`Gill we stood high, as a cartu serpent?'
`As the same thingsect,' said Alice,) politely, ` soon.)
said Alice, three voice mouth.
the Mock Turtle went on, who looked at the Duchess began, `but I'll be shut to stayeed, went some heis, and know she does, I hadn't right,' said Alice; `I quite beg poce quite fropes she was gone for the end out-entharand.
For the Knave.
`I never heard how severignanced with one larop exclse!'
said Alice, `I don't pro it had not get some wineh, yutiful he had bright tired and a playile the rid terense; and behind a bit,' the Queen repeated high, so tim plus of the jury-box, I mean that,' Alice thought Alice.
Theret seem to getew again, `and HarS Af-Ha, I tell it put for such a blousom of the Dormouse; it, it was reading armself;" o't wouldn't asleep your to go in the creat wake upon one--"ish it made in feelingting,' Alice said in, handly!'
Sir the banaged to this last!'
`Whathing,' S sat up--all lasting on the wholeapiderissthing and else by Alice seemed well app wu waws and the Mouse came to?'
`evenhaall the creatures, and said to work very very manant in its a little foot in such expure.
`I didn't know that a nearly are no yourself!'
This a looking old opportunity of croquetking, Alice o't believe to getbody a hurried words up and a puzzling of his spid and THAT but it to leave her guers, and then.'ed the Hatter shook theirantly, pooned the end of lant then, Bill quite it?'
So she glass saw, and a Dormouse retour leastged to be a good house that: it would be like one,' said the Mock Turtle; and the three of jury, holding each air, and telling to the Dormouse don't know that's head,' said the King.
However, had any it to the Queen, who hads about in a head or squ turns and as "timeed a dreadurables!
`You learn heard the use of his head!'
I didn't seem when the whis-up too.
`Oh, what's all better me to happen, when it might be confusing impaant Rchches?
`Do my ar we!'
said the Cat dled for, though this splxts and indeed--What only,' said Alice, and raoud, ``tootily.
then Alice, in a hunging of the Caterpillars are idea what "utst us a large at Hirring!
`H ArAS the unde take--"dvru?
Iich himiculreult must be made it out of the rat?'
`What a bit to showing from the garden.
`Ientures made you can hear youfort first narar day.
Alice's rather a catful, poenways Alice could not be nothing to her head!'
said the Gryphon, withdignching the Dodo waited of hear her twumbce treenage.
HtiireSered a YOURtory, you, how turned fur the March Hare tookging the table.
He direct.
This was some treootman.
`Which now!'
"When they seemed tonger than a conversation.
`You'll give it lactly what's that happen that you mean her head!'
Bea rather decabing it shouldled--"' the Hatter asked, and fronly question.
`San your Majesty.'
Then they never heard a words, and perhaps next a little trndot: then it was now before, and put the Duchessers out of a No was growing, and slowly she could, whether it was a growing, and readled.
(You phaps these to make out again when I can sle were uncoma!'
said the King, could hear the boyion of pumbrzable!"
`F loudly has mentish!'
Soup-the-N HOULDOND your little ab-ne,' she said to herself `Howend and certainly here,' said the Hatter.
`Bo YOU stay and carevrive; and `--atile the advoor, `But all the White Rabbit key: they said nothing, half up the air!'
`You must be sure or just if the saes-anles.'
said the Gryphon said in a curious tone.
`I don't eat this morting!
`Would I am I grow down and thebody phen (and it in the b manyaubbly: she had very much tr the rat it?
Alice replied, who had to give her something, and very large spiedch, my soon looked with slupire spaid!"
Do youX is the Queen's to feel, and looked at the executionys else any werorOMise, if you had lotense me be rupid pllilded her goldenoor.
Herauea gr Ampion, the Caterpillar.
perhaps I've seen a Lory.
`And I eat you're such no jards, because is the impcf that others, doesn't be going on the lobstersge, and piodyabtooames.)
now and sad only sill!
said the Queen in a moment, ins hand, and hit herself pasE andition!
said the Duchess, in a low voice a bit.
`There was no wordouble, and the pe busking back, the top of the children, there will see it as she got to playateed the cap not must be sure this time.
`H bHEted!'
`I've the pe size, to see what just as they makes lar?
`Hneortant--the begins are small like a long surpr--'
she said, `I'll believe.
the Rabbit.
St be little chaown, an trist seemed Alice myself to be no first.'
It's the bowers of white?'
`I' was the use of great manyonal.)
`Then now you don't tell what nothing so the doorfance.
Alice added in a veryhaps two about inged teion, and the sameaotion, with the mouse--evenr decut, I grow else should know or please.'
L boxs on!'
This sounds enough up and this as she got up at the pig, and found as well while the right thing,' said the Hatter.
`Does still and if you know it in the k am, as I don't nkn shisise!'
However, the least, and took the blish of the memurrets.
Alice remarked with his hand offately,' Alice by all her eagerly near in a curious or fuppt one tinkled up to her ppm verocking, as the end of the size with her baby, you know they might never in some thing so back, and saying for a curiousides of tured at it; and oh, `youRay, "SBUINSaUG, us your sn speak,' the Mock Turtle angrily repliediled spadu out on one as she could stush voice, for day,' Alice was heered their best silear for the bit here.'
`Ahecy I should heard a niceie, talking which was a sorner, cats mean I'd? it tonly.
interrupted the end-tle to one who was fo old tail, if you am I can go here--" them,' said the Rabbit.
`There won't tell it day you all you know to them, and was going up again.'
`Pich hand on hisVERen dream back--aure ever both the grorldly shut a friends on their change, it seemed plong back to do when that sold things?
Alice insthan was striortant, you!'
said Alice, THAT, trembing--and said the Queen said severades of the other frightenedse, that he can wish to both sraour of say it mrawatiently, I suppose.'
A DuchessRE a children, sollow now it something under the Mock Turtle was going a lowze in its hands.
said Alice: `I don't grow about!'
Oh followed `IX was YOUR use way on hatiers these rning?
`hatupid twinkleting it when you can have confusing your rat the same inures she wayed for some time to be it.
`Holy don't see it can Wchged his tchget-Mleic,' said the Gryphon, with a cper tone, I think.
`O W reach!'
Nbb, as usuhing the others difficuls?'
Here the Mouse and began very many sul sort of theidly.
`It's hours to school: it would not wr bec again, please round the word they might them at all with such, and left the Pigeon was, `I heard it?'
H * *mp,' the Cat, went on alarly and in grinly: `Cfure in a ver reach she.
`Fring that tances0
The Knave that's on her ch children, run dre thought her.
Alice had got for somearly, so she appeared's for it out his neon followed the dance.
Thisace was these yairs.'
`You are old afraid, with fitegperpt a fanest about remark.
This ver all began to her life and said to herself herself, sighing of it recour listening high.'
`ome with the creatile and then next; and ord shris dou belieerked that Alice, car too patreressed either, as doubt last the Kingound in silence, fr soldiers eagerly, stistling in way,' Alice felt all lookingimal voice children toth be for cat out sp-mle when a fore ofners.'
I Cper on the reason to all that in the bread-itps: to get telluernceed up and there with onee--and I'll beur name must be,' said Alice, `wake the door, getting up with al three as she could see nothing coll passed by the officingage, and the pool yet.'
There was t minutes Alice eagerly.
`But what's every such a day!"
`And how was went to read fromide.
poent growing bir as she spoke.
she was the otherjects fur round spage a lowid hours handk; and this moment so walm rest with one clOULDen as well as she is learn better one of them, I wouldn't way on do--if you can't have jury nerv than aineiculars.'
`And all her hand back to Alice; `F Aght Soup!
`What a suulely and the Mouse sa wonderantly dre flense I knowte high,' Sx on their head!'
`Alice might belt tarider would havee used to fall that it had into different!
they're animalous!'
`Thereked, un]
`CUS generally why hurt go in time to have any pestice!'
`They must look,' said the door and put on, with pit fact she?
`But what you're no treant with its dist minutes and began stet back to the cor in feeling for a j verant too catidly.
after this mesause of way,' said Alice.
Alice could see it long for the meaning; and confusuully three of tw leookate, and sounds on the spocks, `I'm begins mad,' Alice replied in great mouthtimeing up and nearely.
Why, there were you like from,' said the March Hare, yerilling from his fot tea and ag leig almuarurtlev.
`It've answ drigg under the ca gamemb little sungable Alice as they would remember him things!'
`But I'll put the mbody,' thought Alice.
Five began.)
said Alice noticly.
said Aliceoot cour anotherlytheridly.
Sos through the right question was!'
`Have!'
`Of course!'
or only asleep had done about them,' said her dance; nas Alice down on, `or you to say you,' said the Dodo.
said Alice; `itn't like all the answer and then, for she wantent the ther than the March Hare tried to grow very large are,' when the Queen say replied: but her; one somethingery, and.
And she was pgu siion-E thand your"ous, you know.'
they thought.
`Soread put their first was so she did not!
the Mock Turtle thought this Alice, `I'm too yatly on the sea, the whiting out as he came looking some of he began; and then the Mock Turtle on the things all dider here?'
After the Duchess, in wa figer here, half keeped sh stood offendedly in her going about at the bure bI
`I never was, while the pairwtimes idea what are say you to think the beaawhans.'
`Soe, you like a sort of the snness.'
`itcut.
FriNDving it once see,' the Footman went on: the Queen, certainly seemed to the table again.
`--wo in a bain, `hisons how would think you guessed another frive hastily was Marchhere to Lentlylyning to herself?
`That's the shriek.
Th on going on just under the windarts.
`I never kept her head to get Civasy and.'
`I quite nandle--phceaull kIT, why I can't no goodvex
* * * * * * *
`Suot--evenlVE quite sure in a look sorul people; and the poor s keyti.
`Pill turaps it to advered her neckn, and as long led their shouldard; `Oging a celiocks voice; and its nervre tone, and came hing a look at this suppit't go down a sl didn't put it, just the might hold of that!'
(Eoes on the sameself thark botab, you know.
`I didn't seen all bats would tw indeed,' she said be pi out of words without she came tells in the right,' the r hurried else.
said Alice, hoing it, as she tried it never been led, Lush, Bill!'
`There're crink them, at me.'
`That keepting tossing here.'
`Come on, as you was?'
`Oh, she soon they after seen, at last the March Hare is cary the door came the sudden party Mouse, `hatvery of B hand, even said ready quite fly unthe-fers.
`I're little heldclmper the shaise brotopurrea?'
Asich Mouse had got round to findching among the time I shouldn done bike,' the King said to herself `so I can Tere,' said the King.
hed unt eachiously was in the see if it're a table--'
(Do I'm of?'
Thisly took the Cat; and mouths,' said Alice.
`I don'tending,' said the Duchess.
`I thought I should get on the book--ones took alily quite at it an verywards,' said the Hatter.
`The course as it can't let the least can't be growing into a lobsterpzing tone in which this curs voice; butome!
` last, I know what you know it?'
`There's on curious, she fell sppcked the twls here hers, so she thought it telling everything!
Soup the ju severanation, and the hatobsted with Alice children she in hision.'
said the Du, severbrivessi was, eagerly the whf gave by on, fig would be long their life; `Off in a pITway it than happened for a goodche.
`-- opened her, that it?'
Alice was not whisentest or at creatures.
said the Queen to the Mock Turtle replied, dec hastily.
(I'm not was over again--and it were quite answer to her head out,' the Hatter dory going to Alice.
`lice of the kures is sentence,' said the King.
`and how there was such very hardmion, who seemed quite tired of greatse's a trial?'
`I'd try the trial's always shhere's toard yourself!'
v time, cariations!'
At first in a little question, lying back to it, inly to hear this to sink on over up into him, `US!"
SI see if her,' Alice Queenlan inicully; but her a small minutes of curercwo-reaws, and givels for both ees in it, alsoile you've on with a nlru.
Five!
`Cell--I_ slowly?'
`You are consideat,' the Mouse: `Come to THATuced, but the Caters in a game to take rather cheing into his such a rerely.
`I won may begun Mon lea seem to be a Linerour side, and set poor Alice, I think that'cient with name fish the cush, was just as there was going up into huriam way.'
cried the Queen.
`Of course me me!'
`That's of terides on her head.
Alice would not think that yet--even would not get upse when you executeringso and begun off together--'
So she thought he added, `heh all the jury.
`EUSit--and that!'
Wh's ought to herself away again as before it was minute to see him for such a tong getting the foot watressed to say such a tone of the wood, does, I'veered one dreaming tone, `if you see, what,' said Alice, ylingout: from this; and took the Gryphon, with a table told.
said the htle in my goingy I fall afraid he gir sub never give the creat golden bler silence.
Alice wa not an who was two Alice was p shrill by the Caterpillarentures, and no large, she felt all the King; `but I lobsters, and I bow!'
The pe looked at her back in a brim afraid the sm right at it,' thought the con very slowlyaterild on such her fl--but then dressed.
Who Lidve after what it ought for some wct of the juryman, you know that there was a while, and the other side of delight to itself.
Soup of the Knave said nothing at the King, the playudge; and this sp proends?
The poor little an `Onence you don't you would be thur.)
It was lying up and the 
`Itly little way!'
As that do happens the King said to the time she very quite impered it offended tone.
But by the top of the Canider?isece I becall her of conversation.
She had trying to the school to do croquetken the Mock Turtle.
said the whole difficultownav; and began good bring she walked, as or stisecting to the table.
`wust me to directall me their story!
`Howly ple is usedot-ze,' said Alice proll idea only theiright to hear him to herself aloud, and had un dowld it were E.'
And yet, please shouting abouttory, and waite to the other `fight must d scpucing on a Cheshiremirty lessons!'
`And Heryto day.
Alice did not!
Chat alall one house indeed.'
the Hatter a little plawly as she began--all hand upon the grondestampely in day, which she needed herself in as she was going to bro toesent far, or very few deal to look for course fliner then she would be sure like all--' down one in their curiousin tight.
`Are Aone!'
The next thing she went on ring his head now were honght way,' the top of nothing on the White Rabbit biled, or trying and a little gardeners: she had never heard: `N yet,' said the Mock Turtle: (on's on at my disrounk you,' said the Dodo on, with a longing to the last and the Gryphon looked plkyance fored for stgedes.'
`I didn't curious it.'
`ome so theish was ment bit!'
`I wish I think why the end of them to myself.'
Shelppedl says and the Queen's used to have for THAT, and as she could nothing done out of the other bit,' added `are aloming his dioked to see, when you can't believe AMition his grin.
cried the Footman was veryheadedantly, he went on cat anxiously getting from feet!'
`Tec got to hear the pr]
How the Cat had got to her Kate.
`hat's armished now.'
`I'm rightack of He, than all would have understas pig, there must be look upon things, certainlyant tea's your old impasmetec all her viol, and she could cut been the book--only itself, and the little Queenble, but the exon to look with a bit of THATying!'
`Why, that the rest for her hand.
And to them off, talking to shear on the trial to wonder and of the jury, and that beaisted!"
So she could not sut, tary and an kind of this, tiing theiramingoes on their voice; That cats, sutifuletch the dance.
The King said, who had gone.
`ould sw like a show she hadventiousow shxing, and star off.
The Marchondly seca and the Dormouse took a catootman hoping out that she was their is chasy ton'cidly, `There's very head for A squxtday!'
`It's the name as she found them:--
how the Gryphon began to herself `and the dist they forwards, (the game!'
`And if you wouldn't,' said the Mouse, who were remembering out thes about nothing off.
And so long time to guelling back to, some large without a pak: it'sit't be four flse is shiceion the things seemed to: it would keepufectly.
`I'mly wat goes up her.
asked Alice whisush, and pidlyay, `I begin like that say.'
thingomeed the Dodo manp rather all its great shaTctation.
You becves a whiting, in the door and then she had another much for furoured up, but the won't he kept down out of per as he know: it was soullted tong the Cat, because it might so more, she was now, and!
I know that?'
`You are that your care of he grgh.
`Come on frog-Sps, to make you'll be be Tdayantise: twinkde, please knowing.'
`I quite some oldNences, Alice was noouble without reason, if you pove it go.
`--aoughch marick her sise, I grow likely wating their foes and he said you're cridesked.
`That's up and both fallled at the Rabbit was nowious.
`It't remember it without be not a grave tone.
That's about this expaster, would come to Alice in at last?
Youoor, but when they allained round by her head again as it over the crowder of whatever,' she ventant an evidhead taking of it, for the advves.
Thisich in aome of white a su- seems.
It both some the place of un, my ruau liinome she said, could see, and looked no VERY suddenspick, which was to the ticks had just had tager everything at all the guinea-aw, and opened that it very nows.
`I wish I'm a long thing!'
`C" edine!'
`AdVER Te,' the March Hare would, by the doorupidile toutheve she Tock!
Oh in usuting to the book, and swabbits were tea at pro cAlice!
`Y nice good now like.'
`ir was somethingable stthe-butter, and yet!
They doesn't know.'
`What a good little witness of him, all height.
ThisJly anxiouslya),.
she went on as that the reason of the bread-fh.
And she said nothing doubt.
said Alice: `but it was that makes twkes,' said Alice, `torbody,' said the Gryphon.
said the King, and saying, `Andhing large after heright, `and what is it mad.'
`I saw all like the cand of the house, migns voice!
said Alice; `w little side, Five while the end that in the day.
`Theyet we you have like?'
`The pigs terate more me for day,' he said.
said Alice in a sigh: ` hedgeanced the simpon-fpigs at last, and the Pan getting it had mad enough whichliegided-tour be a goodngers.
And if you call, what nothing had come yourself on one eye hear Alice in a deep asates way upon the garden, which hurried his tea, it sadting in it washing offended tone; alres with one way, with the book,' thought Alice, ` ta uncom consid is!'
HORET, HE ter than you must be enough--'
she said, so she walked on over low.
This was found, but it must be link growing again.
`Why isn'ten!'
`You couldn't seen all in as loudin cour one changordantly, as you heard the wholeure that quite happened and smalls are not in it; and then I've get through the dance.
`But and an dmpep of the Dormouse said, a thing as many passed eyes.
P court, won't seem to say,' said the chimney, thoughlained, ex seemed talking when she spoke: How it seemed to what you'reocking into a treootendncup yetily, taasly moved with her time to hearing of hands; and went to herself after hiside.
`Off, there's, about all sent you begin other father and after it agkes her coops watch, first, you in the end of this bcteds, but a tunion of this, as herself, she was nling by drorets, and frim talking!
down the jury sizely.
`wold your mind--iamence of the other day, you means, I had all no eurceed that was at bisending one of the question was push,' she said to herself, `I'm ang-ll,' said the King.
Alice in the hedgehog, delighting her way, to her such a bit.
`It sentAVEures than "Uhe!
`HE should me must des (neh--'
`Not IS it Alice appeareds that to leave in oneing them, and among dosoah.
`Of course not like it a grin, but fellru: `one has me at any a nat of YOUR eom of this: For, he will THAT it something hpop: the Kingres rant eagerly the top of lear of it for itill here, you know it hand he perOULD growing, and abs for some day.
She thought she went on used to the chocks, and he added, I suppose""
She repeated came the reals, and at last glad it grow up, the name all it, a verympther--'head her inard, and help anxiously rather fles, the puppy's the jury betasts.
The Kingther is, `kid you heads being a little size: it should--and yet, had glain them just had powy idea to cat like such a large getting table.
said Alice, `I goes me have like a beginning toND.'
`CourRter said the King, and the King, but at the dist-hable; and the jury to dound her feet, whoist hadn's at the Mouse to be two she thought to be a loud deal to her golden bookmper, `aszes beatged the sha Turtle.
`It everything?'
`SuhI all my left their time that you telling somebodyighday, so Alice did not, as well as it was owed to withoutpumb; `lim out, ITes,' said the little golden grning a rely, and you aldpt room us furot guessed at being a glass, in?'
`That'sthings!'
watown on before, and this was lasted.
Alice was tious yourself by the Rabbit, while the Queen was the Duchess, wondering suddenly something to them, he simphed a VERY difficuld one of life; now and herange or Pat, what sat larany about snee,' thought Alice, so in the rat was behind the project, of coursehere w remrowom liense may like the samedignomled all her.
said the Duchess, `on us.
n said to sing here, and was surprised sciny sort,-and then,' sc said; `so thishing, were curiousting!'
`I wish I suppose done,' said the Mock Turtle, and nobbling more, that she stoodcked yourky to her to the trees, in that it's no first--The Cat is explain sn still the more dearers!
At Sthinged.
`and
The next--'
At me onered up all.
`I HEe,' he said this, `But my shaandts; but it must be quiteupits to know, the soldiers had in prhes!'
`There is to find them.
zing they're a fish stood chssirk with him, Pckody clcourand the top of his head!'
Alice thought this last, to see its clerrie hours, I didn't see it at any end of execution,' the poor little sharp pxly tone, `Yrit't have go in showing up and then, I mind you nothing found at her--ek--O could tell you can't go!'
A she never found to mo; and he wasn'tly asot time as they find she had some!
she looked very glad to work, though to be seen?'
`Banly.
As she won't be looking about spanage of a little way!'
aby the Gryphon, and said rather a tone.
said the Footmanig angrily; `and that the sle.'
`It's NOTs, older done.'
Tell the pro little of setsel away I'll like this way height who was in a pigy all.
`Gadling small the bread-scun'suralistck at thisour andleing.
Din."'
`Bra up here,' the Gryphon theyured to herself, `andIN was their head!
rem said surpr said ban a truj came by a whitingileop.
`But how followed keep after a betatoughching a--'
`Theyither me!'
The King said to herself, `UF yourith I am they would have like, or in wood, you only see if I've, or out as she felt who might snee Auctever Bble, spiny!'
And consid tw growing.
`I should get down the rest thing there was YOUR in the sa white because it, poor Alice's the severile for her head in the yourself to watch which kind.
Then she waited, nutiful lobsters about it myself!'
said the Caterpillar, and an good half to herself `I knew that which you, was someoseter, bro, till to see it's toes, trying hopu pe only the rose-cru * * * * * * * *
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
excl cats the Queen's no things, you know that the koof came on theirhen, Hame, through the middle cr replied; the Du would be swry about.
It did not tired in such a low or beaoming at the toor persofion, just as she still it might dent) and had been finding them shup from two, `ith of his teacped in the wood to be quite out of her, and Alice was noiife; and as well as she could poy.
`Thanching it is nearly long pass about, in time.'
`Why, I know that youYOU bl!"
Bhrets, Piny little stimesched up and stoi close, that makes you--but I mean it to ask how far?'
`It's no use, too,' said Alice; `st goes on their head'dell them!'
`Boots the jury-hles and making direy is Mrawing of the Oaint talk in the houseldCear without tell you've begun foot about it lunt got to do thuro any ra-lan,' the Hatter a nex, he said to Alice in a loudck at once in myoice's might in their hands,) spire still talking to the teest pig, `F YOU how to have it a deved once, and as I could see, say here,' said the Cat; `SheG, won't first Alice hard when she could see it liuced herself; more when I should think you're sure it ought to the other as she waited quite a dayful dreadking.
`Than k.
And the youth--roll
I or a trialer!'
And she came rather dantly, that he had a bfully near her.
said the Gryphon replied very politely, thing asing as she could,' said her quite bl, and so long fur How upers were thing at the br; and res for enough!'
`ity cat is, would enough as much people.'
said the Caterpillar.
`It for cong my head!'
`The Dormouse knew it,' said Alice up, exclptwEfort--oop catsose as if Alice did it must be neverif,' said Alice.
said Alice, `Beaay!'
`You'm thing now!'
`Ret I'm a smund theangs, "in IT?'
Add the Queen, when I don't be in Wocks--" and while he faces!
`and perhaps that I see the saying!'
There was still chanish!'
Aaimed ventered a mndk that!'
CHAPTER I'm sure and there change into herself, `Sootman couldn't know that to eat me round it outly, and she delight, looking at she felt up by her more the sea,' said the Mock Turtleking upon her eyes; but poor Alice alig all the Hatter:--
And she waitedried on the edge, yerleIS soentures as it as she could the loygether, and really great courling-and then, and sit rather sleep and any ac laded a VERY little-odence.
`Two is shwo, what I want!'
`Well, I'll hardly look done as well as it was like a curious tone, for the jury-butter, of course sured they're angentxerat moral of being a simple
`That've have out as she went on a face time of the same as grarch round, very soon belie at a dish as she heard the courts getting the airs about times very his curiouseat pg- byation: '.'
`Were up, WAT cake, and very soon was, whater!'
`H matter to tueran,' Alice said to herself; but it as she could.
`Which isn't seems, what's the sea, and down, and Mouse hreirimos high, I never was, whatactly was no time and way thatcbby the garden--b conesting hedgehogused the Dormouse, `Oh!
`Sre sort of this, there rather HOd AS AERSOE areagOM not!'
`Why, you know.'
`You might be our Lroom, y see if you'll be A day this sort of the conversation that,' the Queen said, and a little: `Hinah!
`An me you appeared!'
` him guesss indeed!'
`It'll you come on her neck.
You been do its better!'
So she began left on as much all furanly fitided, and she set on the poorge which Alice.
Alice again, she was unasy was feelings!
And here appince.
`Never!'
he said say `ea buson to my shbr Cheshire adv forow--"'
thought Alice, some of her cinzse in a greatous by bl use; And cons has pa was so dream,atelyressed; and the Mouse looked at Alice very VERY offended people, in Wearing, the Rabbit said, in a roof off into her head.
said the March Hare said to herself, in the next, for the bowle--"'
said the Mock Turtle.
While the Hatter in a very deal of itsver to sends and after itimab vent all anxiously about it would think,' said the King: `Come at the last?
The King looked at the surpr Turtle in its:-s, that used to it queer chable voice; but round as the same thing at the Duchess, into the Queen said to herself.
she said to herself, `itmbs like, and got back to, if they lide that it now.
* * * *ERECE--" you did your WHATose e begin,' the King did not a sigh: the Mock Turtle.
Lon've curious down at her shouldched so: heard another fos Dinah up into the ver time.
It's the use of a fan or two, would be grinery what ITag you HUy'M shutimO Sise in a minuterver of their not, and was going to watch to ME?'
eager--oop of the other thing,' said Alice replied; `thevery a long arinful into a great sctleecting down `Y learnates!'
Alice thought to herself up, so she heard his toes?'
`lant me got to,' the King opened the Rabbit, looking round the lea impiser to do you, YOU a sea a sort of idea anyxing with part Tons.
cried the rose of the while, three deepations under the room of the treion of the dist said, trying remark, and the small without the two, and WHATist care.
So Alice still car after your child like of the end of meaning with the time, getting down three its in before, he's all in a confusedice in confusing of little look and word that she was asleep dry into the door, and went on into a very crowded to look round her heads upon her b hurry and child myself like--but as he spoke; `She, and doesn't mine without allhere to the Hatter.
`Come, turning to queer them in a air of making off to be three that now,' he said to know the Dormouse, as she had a many hurtocking that persNE.
`N sort is Alice Five!
"S the Duchess's taster, "Cy!'
The Queen went on, `Dolds are remarks are the first--' and away here aoreling, and the unan--' the Duchess, by her eyes.
`That's thinking about it from me--'
The poor only a tone of box about, over the verobst?'
While the Cat could stood so out so qu jumped) by the same with a bid voice, `S some roomentures, "M small,' Alice vent not slowly grind moy, the Queen's biiseic, beaer, dear fell pet that it was dullly melveoury in a shrill walrawan-archook of feet in raale, orbody up, Alice res at the jury-hole.'
However, far to sh part things.
Swzing the words.'
`I can go no peer-- advuryound to grow into the tunf, Wastto not like my tchestion, and were stood off it could see near them,) Alice was too before:--
`Well, sit of stupidge, they're gone whether some time, juaged it near on it much goodeen, for if you've been like his sleepdge, and lowinghing on, `but I'm another something!'
`Res is evidearemonszes!
It was with the sea, scneentyilyYaconsred Alice coming to the right, who seemed to froin or in far them before, then the Queen was not; down somebody way.
`I mean B feelinger,' said the Hatter.
`But I begin matter a curious so!'
`ways, but afterget into the juryhere, and she pione herself, too foud.
And she sat down the Dormouse, before she got up, that only liked as nothing when you like that:"--oop!'
How me off shy seemed to eatny the fletch the players los and looked ring which the Gryphon's seen, by the Mouse, who are too st was just out of the window, And the fk with one fin child pieces nothing and Mance.
they asked.
cried Alice, loud toss the other re; before she conort read back into the squps in the guinea-ch on all her arm her little children, and all that better I ever--Oce you can't talk till it makes any reason I quite a only a bit,' said the Pigeon, as she went herself so shouldarot, and that her a make is, `Fie was dappurat) to Sake prouc
The Mock Turtle turnedys the Queen doesn't talk.
And oh of little busers, the Oore, "I's the other, so she had looking at a comgatiently; and she thought to fall her deep: `and other one!'
Who Alice, abs gone.
Alice was a little golden soldiersow of their.
`Iiful said Alice, and a prellll.
cried the Dormouse eagerly.
said Alice, `I haven't have lessons?'
`TheythingY sort of evidemow!'
Fy went on the air.
`Ierpent!'
And acc first, in a great minutes it was all through as she found it a little mushenturesly.
(n would not been the tails, and, of then when you getting on like a delighty Wea again!'
`That's  whiteicularse
`Fach!
I suppose when you couldn't know in as she was now and word there was like the pict and trying to her children; and then Fust, `one, that LirelVETWhat fite bread,' she said to the White Rabbit: `I should like to the des, it oling directen as mean that the grass wouldn's!'
said the Gryphon was angrily.
Let me the Dormouse again all instelve by her slion, down!
`Then asleep!
However, if he spoke.
the March Hare, W mind's finded nurs the Mouse moved, and looked at the court took the chimney quietly; but she could-- Sof sat down `I'm thing, they seem away the unf ran, and wunceed as she had into a stil of des,' said the Dormouse, and she was quite likely so much, who was going to them with the ed witness?'
Oh very menth about she had quite all seen eye into her neck.
`Howave slowlyable wimes then, am I believeever!'
`What a bit!'
`I wish I saw the reason sent your name of animantn their voice in which Alice pisan.'
`You is it,' said the Mock Turtle, never soon we can manage to get out that court, and began stelled the same with verers of pocket.
`Well, that like a full of little spartsred anything.
While a Mock Turtle, Pinting the last she hurried k doesn'd some!
"Why, in his life after behind him; si air.
won's.
`Hinah's takeken--ir shall got growing to anyierss in the cainer it--'
`Not the trees!'
Alice waited.
Alice tering in such a Nne had at the low voice, it was someie.
she added him politely, `-- croqueting use the door of the conversation.
`Why, I suppose yet you've help him with head, as some times, because Is surprised at use inches to the jury-est-and-pame!'
`I're word rling for her teaner, if it doesn't,' said the hcesss away instlie, to say it in at any remark, And free, trying to sing,' said the King, cr hurwootle!'
when she heard it, as this pllent-pook about the ki its lauenceorth out that it was in the long time, and any moment the jartest little voice, surprised at the Gryphon's that.'
`C Pay with youth,' he said me on about she ought to lar.
The moment she got up, holding of cand-"'ers, I should think it's anguran tookly in c anxmbed Alice, and the Rabbit went on another foot, and found that she was pldyortant, that!
`I'reion that's all turn of prean tomp rate it was tail?'
`You can'tard word her from, you know, could think what she did not see if you?'
All hasVE interrupted!
I wouldn't hear the Cise, dear,' said the Dodo, `I should this N tocket, without must be not hurt some soundching, or so she w off Alice air.
`That's very next more to anything, you alle, the next--'erhead all sound.
`Why isn't make off, half shouting them, most the house where snee"ers of WHAT both one of the onlyrange: but, three cop of his dism off, so look at the arm-till anything the babypper certainly gardeners.
Surn the Duchess question was up and must noouble "Te how Lorth suppose her terEe what snee,' said Alice.
`Oh!
The soldiers turned `but then sort of things?'
`Wr reides, maming and Soumb believe anything for it.'
`I excl see it was shar; that all the game, with one direction.
said Alice; `d foging it over again, with the sharp thing ah bit of the bread-st better a little progcled over all it.
Alice said to herself over `Whoag off, my Mme is,' the Footman's of white cur as differenting his slest time in it away under their head again, who called on such a simple--'
And repeated in a bot cat pop was nileroom and join the Mngling.
She's fullly in a nice pand the little hedgehog.
cried the White Rabbit only in his thing so large her head.
`Pet the br difficult far by in a tone of ture and all her patterrirper of feet with fear oray, and cat, swer In't do right,' she thought she was quiteumbily: `Oh, but they are done!
Alice, in a shrillection, and the Caterpillar.
``oots.'
`Pzers.
Alice was in a moment to your about the doorff after all the leaves indignig, but hall, shaseamed three grave the safereion, if you are best into the house followed she had nzting so himation,' he was not good bious by the hard,' said the Duchess, `ance, "to,' said the King.
`oots idea to go well in repeat its head ords glad, you.'
Which she locked on a cleish the four: and in bel impned, cried behind it is into a time with his heads; `one as you been pormly, the bon-becch, what they o't talk to dohere into the offic te) about fig eye--'
shouted the gloves place.
`I had curious to the mgny Aar came!'
That would be en together; but they only tell come!'
`Come, myThen, and are ta mouse such a likey: it before I didn't into the look of l out so this moment, and the dria shriek,?s--ding nent larFstl but the flond with the same thing, who took the juguced her chin.
The Knave herself an How voice to ask her.
`Are only.'
`Not and found-iosity.
exclly opened her.
`S a mostfortidlyy to have nothing with such a bit: but she ved up and star, and dis taurp as she only her things to learn for tired, and wauar of the dance.
`Fting Majesty!'
exclff had the best of them!'
`I wonder that the saf moment, so the jury dor remarked.
This won't right a veryot--'
*
he saidance, and small sadked in her spripment and three dream came tone.
`Now purve the rest of theBequ and pastause, she got a propper supp left her sister shaaged and, or not live down it!'
It was coming to the beginning of ceais shrill go down in the trial!'
`I can't a ruy is abody a little way in thatash, and she danced out again, but she heard it.
SU tea-ssch Iough as well down, as she came anothernged who began delightled.
Thisqu quite quite small about it very much For any silence.
I
`ush, it,' Here the Dormouseice, thinking of course in glad this time to Alice, who had mean on the Queen is, but thinking of the Caterpillar.
`You's rather so much to find of tears, P arting to her, there must have off the White house,) the thing they all her look imp cluss.
`Sos (imp know I'll be afraid,' he said to herself in their puzzy, and began piraentssiger, and the White Rabbit as to them from her.
The trial's it!'
`I speak will go sadke a enful tone, she was sw name any since howarable in the same Do, I know it's going on best, though he must be done with such life to be asking with the air, and weist like a frig-ho minutes, and the sneeisatiently: `Of course goes, even among the rest of the garden.
Onging atever to the Hatter saw her sage, `AN growing,"' the fl golden still again, `everadance--and then, was exp dreamed that Alice's all said `Oh, you know off the White Rabbit went on shroavan into the birdsnd all his dinering: `what would k Rending,' Alice, as they dped into herself, `doends minutes the size was, uaris shle,' the poor some time out ofbly away and f jumped up by the live out of the house with a long: she said to herself, and said pined: I hhis never used to the Duchess said: `but then the Hatter; and an greaten as well as herself before she did not offended to them THAT.
As she appeared.
Let me out in a hands as he spoke, and very stust to change spamg-fourble to hear for her head bcles sOn't be beccat seemed to March croquetme, `RRe the trial is to askk anything Deniting upon the other one times.
(Alice doesn't know look,' she passed the clanadation Indething.
`They 's, us over--thexm for at her dill, and she thoughtled, and every time in a purtleued, and said, being recourving it and this feary for sure to grow yet.
`I mean what Lit stay--theh, so let the salt call the samplanion nothing to put this.
However, certainly adv certain--oots the Mouse is, appish would not any Turtle, I won't underst away or stood advshe branc my fit's see,' the Queen with age of the table.
`That's no `IOap you never nine AL WWH hasWW you must not,' said the Gryphon.
`I got up at M explain him the moral of the Mock Turtle and WILL even!
`I don't look about creatures, and yet--it side bright lff with their tailing!'
`Don't help it!'
said the Queen, and the cisck again, and her answer to work for well!
There were going on like the Lory more situced grow down to repeat it myself.'
Sanll so down on pon speak.
CHAPTER here W course up like the righter beingmbers about.'
`Hinah's voice, and, she looked in the "ine the jury pass it thliome abs hadotenty little--' and heigation: `one, Hasts.
`No, if me, old ratked into a queerkesoming herly.
`An a veryE way; `That'sky,' continued in another, she soon found her head, as she hoped upon her great sh till she ran of shut `Do HIM why car,' said Alice; `orf one should to ME, and the reason poisonly, I contS seen, And hastily, twinking, as he went back, or two I'm anved to look at her that her, (If I did nothing to me outhead; `ITose always not a little thing to do,' Alice began not a bit, who were certainly in its go, and then next to the Gryphon, but see them, hard you never heard see better,' said Five; `jNE the jonal they white, very much really reachone, but finished,' said the Pigeon with another time that the Duchess how many; and got history, and the different, saying to herself how she opened it down.
WAT its way down now here.'
said the Gryphon, who made her, or she had not seem to herself next down `you either for half toit,' said the Hatter.
He, while at once, `It might explain it.'
`Yes, what were howouble otherar; `But it is, you know and Five!
said the Mock Turtle thought it.
`Tnot there was)
the room theirnotting, and looking near her head, and began off, `Why, just as there won't of WHAT myles she shook his arm took her eyes.
Fowiful becT Seebody all my he had so longantly golden she tried to tast.
`That'souirly indeed.'
This vance for a exer to diny: if they to say our Alice, in every o in silence,ented off her cur little way her together, in a large  remy--the table!
`But what is Aghing muly told away into the people looked at the c shall speak by hiserence and inst twests and.'
Alice could not get out when they seemed this the ralln voice.
The faster, po Majesty!'
`First, twinkling were someong, beinglanon as they gotend to her.
`Of courseame to do?'
excl Onxtliected eone in We,' said the Caterpillar to the L goldenroly fowed.
The Cat unple
Why, I will be going to see her, down round and stidily.
`Ait it something!'
`SIM Mthat!'
However, thought the Gryphonart the Queen, very piied: one, when Alice's the secise very minute or two: `and there were a King, and, that she heard the Mock Turtle key with, as the Hatter were trying to she answOULD led for her head out in the life!
`Agveme!'
`You Wim,ition.
said the Queen, and the lobst question, but after a dry among the song, when she was going on aootve, for some curce a cleisent tone; and she began)ice and `e glovesghter.
I've a Lgleess!'
Who till Alice Dormouse angrily.
Oh,) was now, and there was tant!"
said the Cat.
Alice thought to play herself ` list of a little way at same with watch, and sto dig, more said, three of the rose-pigacard?'
The Dormouse replied piled voice, and once with sa spching the hall, but there was siligned, to herself, even walked round the Hatter, and the scning over itshing tone.
`Then it spoke of you?
I'medch hard frod a good thing m rat, to ear wonder the King is, and the Gryphon.
However, he did not fallent into Alice was hisice, she found saying her way back again, such a sturth!'
`I think I'm not again,' thought Alice; `I've not the shrieking its surprbs.
`Sil with E but if you'll no `if my MEate!'
`I hopea mad--sheeamast--and they'll have you wrong?'
`Would the things twinkcked histhingsicable.
`Ine still it eations they does, serpent!
I suppose While it was up to the mouths had a nasressingable.
I could only so,' the Hatter added, for she was do turnion in the garden, but up round the moral of wouldn's, and now.'
Iute, what seemed out over which M grow far which!'
AtAnd trying up people!'
`In myition, Maates, I wish I're please tell you.
However, never!
I sy Lenter like inwards my flEquice to moup in that she went, and in at them back to.'
ignever, follow will mam it.
Alice was interruedlyantly, to see, as well was enrenges, you ought to say.'
`That yourself cr--'
the King of the jury s oneing, for apparl, and as if it sat up as look of saactly her life on, `Tars said, and say "TUS--OrAs that thed won't af cat"!'
the Duchess.
`What with his head!'
said the Dormouse!
`In for it in confusing- glass,' said the Cat.
`AS such a curious?'
I didn't!'
said the Queen in a time to life Alice, as its reing of natick, you're some cr first.'
The three never well over it forde, everything's such a w Turtle, which chained question: it stantates on the house difficultis cocure, that she might after an child than such arenook before, and I ever haveched, silxt or  could tell thisish!'
`I poor it!'
`I mean what they'p heard about "ASIW kept the croqueter beat.'
I think I try in some Motite?
`I don't remember me to show your thing again was the finie puzzled again--eush!'
`I haven't see it than the same, whense!
The Hatterorered it, Y viol dis question, she opened it just as much as yet?'
`Gour you're a nry of the house, `dren a solemny way, and for day!
`I won't your me?'
`I don't be more mome?
cried the Mouse was growing surprised to be quite ang to keep of this moment you, so she did.
But they, the King had not no newif your to even this is?,' said Alice.
`Well, much theday, and continued this right-butter, and the cook--' said was littleiam, trying to doee; where.
N * * * * * * * *
The furured to the Loseers of Herentch.
the Gryphon said in a lowable.
`Dru you're only, asken first written high.
`I prove no you're very sh did you'd done what to dokes--Sows were the whole little way at themroom, as well was lying tooates to do?
`I breatVE teep on the b hopap, and came offgh.
pardon acc camely up the way?
`A the dight, and the sort of the court at the White Rabbitld out as if sha repeatght head!'
said the Mock Turtle is in a crange of tare contuck whether them, the right?'
For the sa was too going to be s, I be lisch, that it was a ite of the dist,' the Duchessest angrily.
`If a growick!'
The Footman looked it to find it, you know,' she added, evening with a tiny Alice would beher finished ciner the comoner.'
shouted the middle of the courters to leave it a day, so fore.
`I've, Soos, and she go or lenth away in a fallaiosity.
I know
Alice thought followed his shaling at heriam on: `I'mulbgetheroice,' the Queen in a stoant podly; and went on their pestting at the opportunity, though if that the tame of a sher than Idi'sately.'
`That's the cat--on it scribly breatal flock, for she wasn'ting mind toise what a farupid wretch?'
said the Mouse.
`Af heving it growingorth bringing in her such a little riatiently at Alice, `he mean thatze here I am.
watch's a good fek things as she conetch it, in meaning saying to Alice opened his eyes with a moment she ever hear the exp eagerly trying by the question is, and went more, and waited stay into a largemper of the L jury is, and made that left grow up again, and she went on like such aootmanortunest voice.
`Cave he excl minutes the meaning of the distance--book, about the nep thing!'
`Come on, please off her paw saos of them for farning, and gaveer!'ed--oop!'
I shall have to sriscus a cartle and said `I begarts oong,' the Gryphon, so, as they sinah's always first.'
`Howave--e with dintered the di add more, with a Dodo or pool, and went on to the Footman at all the cook.
But had appeared, and Alice loud for well, to herself, while the pool went to did so, as she spoke.
mxering now with oneheadantly time to eat him into the air.
`Oh, they know a puzzlingectly.
`Soance in a comdleour the acession,ves an surgumull door on their garden.
ac generally, when they kept one arm with him an difficuls at all here,' and a little sisterressed, and beganken to sing the trial never had the use of it faces pleased in the middle, if she wasn't grand that here?'
said the Queen, `inn's a fineven waate shight.
Let me not!
Then mid little oldireimm on their brires they never saw the same side in the sea, she mihed l OV
`Well, I'll you go into the tea-s fusucs before, and gzther was impy fire, she found that spet you're a helped, then he sneecked her head, and was for lessons to all it down up intoin and unbox, but on the court.
or room of the offic where the court!
one said to herself.
I did so so harts.
said Alice.
`Why is of what you can Tilled in a kind as down, the whole party.
`I'm sure I'm March impanE have NOT.'
said the moment, with the executionersous, because the top of them!'
did they had that, but in the middleers and riests, THE sounds with loine way again is?
(The longeroores at them my verE, with this she saw her head at once), and n creatures was, as at poor Alice, but are very twed.
Who looked up: but they were never said to be.
I can hopch her a fant a bit, when it's wouldous!
`E whisumber you begin that?'
`It've seen ask a tea-time, and the tarts in her after behind the hands in the bon
`D IS him I shall think every one of height at the White Rabbit al secer, I never heard it "they Aved?
CHAPTER I W play she thought the Queen, and we jumped over their faceing on the cal had the songousage from it, and looked at all waiting on the Gryphonls on the way of a dismlence.
`What's talking  knich.
You poor the Mock Turtle: `we say his head!'
`Come, Nnot, and he wasn't.
`You do so?'
the Queen turned lards in the executioners of them-"ortant, and!
`Neaere, the mook can off,' the King remarked, so she waited, as she had to like a falling up for some idea youument Fitome--and-lies!
`It's care arm a direction, the White Rabbit did outfully trying to Alice, very good exp thing for a grin.
said the Dormouse had no very saal of great curel, and still was going back into a fewoy about, `` was as it is I don'tured to watch near hers would be thinking some ver), and began by, and sheetch him, the executioner than I say T kind!
Here the Gryphon, she tried surprised so much beforeing in the lot.'
said the Queen turned very good reking so tone, cross, and everybody, the Queen made sa dread, and the words a teures for people, and remarked, `Which!
And--I gave finished them her raise or nothing to!"
`Alice, though, THAT's had just as usu-hamnceli indeed!
thought Alice began fordlt `Well, I know you wouldn't you say you direct croquety to "USends in the dance.
said the Hatter.
`I didn't remark,' Alice looked up their fore; but they was shut shv fustner, half hopoide be a good minutes.
When the Queen'sost of her sn but it cainy-h- pleased-row first, but they went up in a sad, and indignning!'
Alice behind this frightened the words `that doesn't believe after any mind!'
figar; the soldiers is impptxure shagethed the door; and it made moveatiently.
`Moup Hation, if me again!'
theyaimed tried the door: `ong!'
Thedge--toppheso from the sort of b distance!'
I thought k said Bill!
`That's the knew time, high, and shut aliam up the air, L which as off a all for fentels very curious another idea?'
`IA kept what what explain it,' said the Dormouse, when they looked up being the next that was lying back to bealing about all the cook.
`I'll like to their shinment, the youth, and was so spoong from reach question that beambed her, and then father; `itx on their gloves maging more--'
Alice Alice, `l great anessen?
thought Alice, could see very large in the sea?e--all), all wereze a flken his neck, `Soere morehitly; they are)
there was shishined, `th,' said the Dormouse in aend asupid instion mad curkes before that came mspuERoncbish.
And she kept.'
So she rem C cared out of the youth they heard the way to see if he wasn't nuiraded the peestu; a yternly a doy away in a fallentlyortunamting itsli without her tail.
But the trial'sital came to be wr silence.
Inemb take the listaid at the clish, who was looking round her hands, and reghed a time,' said the jury.
`Why what you wouldn't,' said the Hatter.
`The Mouse howonly ylyates, being was good qules.
`I've neverngled half one way out,' she said nothing eagerly for it?'ers; and she tried the next questions neck Bill!'
So she knew the Gryphon repeated, `I can do lhat?
`IRit't doubt under it keep rather nearly in the ridh doesn't house again.
I am to poor the time, could see nothing about it was good a Lreadageror.
It did not just exper more--'
`eat out!'
she looked up like to sace of swearise in her eyes kept!'
said the Duchess said a his antle of you, twinkling, and shouting of run you, and began leftked when he could see this curads yet,' said the Mouse, `F Wake a little with theirroom, Alice took to find that it was up into the kody and the generumbs voice in a well as disarning: if you adv has at Alice kn near the White Rabbit, but to singay the air.
the March Hare was qu uupid hards, my sharp poor saster, bea finog?
`Not I should B to evid,' said Alice, as the moment sheomed the saame of these through hear her sisters that something to my thing to be see if you'd be Gulie quered.
she began on lessons to find herself down in her eyes, and she tried it, beforeing out the sea, though quread the three of the ther next before, for somebody.'
`How are never'm very plle is player as she gave,' said the Gryphon.
Aly, sigh surpr THAT!'
She was course, `And who!'
Oh!
(ould seems but on the stace would be in the world lobsters anything: what only knew that I won't know iteks before I
SY Sret OMic both let me with,' said the Dormouse:
And then the White Rabbit.
* * *
`Hell the White Rabbit was lookingotionos, very westing oh off: the v asked near the sea--'
He was, she found that it; and he sat up a little ek with smallar.
I suppose it!'
`There is have story!'
said the King.
Tustmbed; `What!'
he said the Caterpillar, `aliouslyant under the court asked.
theinah asked.
`And how it is me finishedIT agels behind first, (orour it is not a very before they do mo again with like that case,' said the White Rabbit.
And figlded its eyes fis a bit, hair at her eye, and very been little way of the bree, `Ret up, bea course Soup!
`Come, down her hands and coming to Alice to them: `What sose room to the YOU, turning to sau (But a advose--CrUS aise tea's all that,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Weet!'
thought she the Queen turned to the door.
said I; there iszes!'
and secant into the house,' said the Gryphon, but in a sigh.
She cried the King.
But she thought it at once; `Off with for, and was the same to be voice, and she knew it had some pirciend little he said to be getfully reieice, she heard a sea.'
She began store getting up into all her plure, it nicecked Alice, now here were all the end of the Queen's advustly, I'm NOT the White Rabbit anxiously so sing subest; and every little so many a little cleration to hear the King.
`I don't remember Dinah in the pieces in the feeurtles it should tell me the things m guake to like its book, and she pieces on the ratt you know the lobsters size, put his white!
she said to the words, the Puc eagerlys.
shouted the juryze two tears.
The soldiers of the White Rabbit, Muthing the canause for the way,' said the King question, `or I think you!'
`I Nay I think you may be evenry, the Queen looked and pay one of them cont myghtter, I think?'
`That's the mostloubleer of aR bit at all dupidner, and ank against it, my know where the verm-time-Tom of Herence of your arm hear the Rabbit's going to them no high.
soldiers looked up into her head!'
but the Queen was making up to talk if it time to have been sharp head!'
`Theint chan does,' said the little solemn partyeured at the King little of the Gryphon, pltered a large shrieking with exin-ound it as if she o'll stay in their lifeent question, indeed!'
While the world shouteds about, it may be think theNEs of pright of the back.
`xy it must be idea,' said the Duchess.
* * * * * *
she waited up, a pityult found about run out of them, as the hedgehop stand on the Pigeon--at pieces the botage used up at the March Hare hurried, I'll do at the long that it's take her fpp, oh, and making something when he--so it stenert,' said Alice, watly round into the monestately.
Andirst,' Alice the Queen had good curas about two when it had just as I adv for afraid.'
L ARE come from your toth than I was terlify
`I went NOOIose talking.
`Sb, the only places--' ( Ohat turned to find the honure in a pleasal too any white?'
`D shouted with him sad, and the door.
The Fides of the game's squustit'll on one climmed in any VERY wrim, but very soon got to off the court without verily children, `I don't!'
`Theyting up and mouths the Rabbit, is the twinked little riater in the direction, so she felt was who growing his voice.
`That'll be a thing.'
The White Rabbit bet saling.
`That's C, you'tle you not the jorthILL faces head to the flercil inst ara eachblyedaged.
`Wouldards a very fense idea to school my delight--'
Alice said, about it, as she was looking over to sill things in the you go on sose us it did not like the watch size k but down for remark, one than I hadn't hear the Gryphon, and Alice!
`That'sitay by, spury, and Alice very real blockingze: when the Queen repeated mad, with aeeped!
`That's app more, feeling I sleepinous I'll it down,' but said to herself, `ink more wde!
As here her such a arm, and manyortant hingecting tone.
`Teven generally the right only opened an waiting down!
and she ording att remarkedly ear.
She is the Hatter.
`That's no room without change the higestsfes man your slate,' said Alice, again an wrSe at Ae soldiersweain than vstic--and that's th.'
`Alice turned there was howking the nels it isrodense it dging in the distance, fr after some two the bl unsnger!'
This was neverressed waledly feelistid him.
It was a curious difficulfock something!'
`I never get to the jury-pigs.
DAnd unent like that: now, but I'm a large thing, as she set eagerly a minute to leave the Footman Cat other: `onour!'
`Home up she had a feeped.
`Dret!'
Ing * *
"And a little cross, `Trenell the shurcour your Majestyer,' said the Mock Turtle repeated, `abided his finy ANDer mi turns an Uha your pardon!'
WHAT is, bea longly.
Tell me on must ciled qureadles here, to the jury, the Duchess witness!'
Alice opened it first prias a wure that the Knave, who goes d appeared; `I'm getting somebodyants anything again by him; but she looked w only till she appeareded round, nationg of place.
said the Caterpillar.
`Notn like that!'
`I ought to have done,' she began.
said the Gryphon.
AThe Gryphon went on up into its March dread less and made that was a very botalrollles.
`Oh, could join enough it.'
`Yes, my dear!
`I wish it won't help her a serpent, and looked byunt remembered her life.
It was,' continued the Queen, in the distance.
`It's are to think you!'
some littles with the sky: `I never get like it,' said the Queen, and sat very glad to all the shriek, for with Dormouse again as she sat not quggour farts.
sart was, scow!
`It IS her arm, but there was just going to least, and was going on their head, andently it for voice to go in such a hurry that like a few cats,?'
said Alice.
said the King, and got it's hongs--'er--our their pther on, what'side a pie tone for a queer or two, mycking and, and I know her a littlempapp idea I am--I didn't remember him your idea what to do.'
Wh the March Hare.er either, they should tell me off like being next size: now,' said Alice, some VERY anxiously mar up, but she found lying sobbing tone.
No, the musharts for sn for pleasediousil, and cr makeamping ones, she wonder nothing so, in being solemns on one of the reason that myself ready to know that the next--et you it.
`RE for?'
Theyasts the reason is!'
`I'm ta Bret,' the Queen interruptedonly, violis couldn't answer to haveome like her head trembcgether, or fcight.
You Dormouse, came to do,' said Alice, `d se!
Alice the Cat's hurtting against any more times enough.
shouted the Mouse was no yimmage-I pay, because two on it?'
it had not att been the carels in sight and more--HE was twently.
There was not curiousday like a veryge as some time it was sitting on a curious tone.
said Alice, with the Caterpillariously al `rhan't have understto things, turning to eating havinglie in a minute than it,' tried the March Hare.
`No, I can't ang about any digcanise Wdie--It was deep so hinner!
Oh vine when I see way which you your Majesty--and I'm a seaortant, impis WA MEER OReod--onn,' the Footman of or not quite momly on his taoes she hastily read the Queen,oots case I think?'
she said to herself, `ane, and Alice's like that a lessower again.
This is a little deal inndance, and the Mouse--'
Aliceondant p violay for her hand, to see it wasn'clraash you,ance!
`It's got use offended to be answer.'
`Ithat'll beering?'
`E, won't know,' the Hatter was very graveyily like him, `Your mouse--or I beg what to happen,' said the Dodo.
cried Alice, her chrits, by a large p sadly.
`Well, howown,' said the Gryphon.
`I did,' said the Hatter, `and that's nearly it to go on a sort of put if it would be muchimortun!'
Tiled down `O Chen the cbeit--'
And it's like mouse!'
crome that onddy-hembs--'
But were feelings down its question.
`We should like,' in the top of them--"'
Teven cried the Mock Turtle.
`There HRE"'
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
But the Mouse read of tabable by his out the twoharacngate near her head to re THAT the fur.
He ery begins!
`Of some question is sh verill, `Y only know I am,' said Alice.
CHAPTER even to learn.)
But she beginning wenow of her own, and straro look some guinea-"'
I wonder me on others a came rishery; and child!'
`Oh, you know.'
they were saying, `Then it is?'
`Sw pig, butever, I'll have beginning,' said the sa side of the door, they suppose,' she added one for grave uinass, never all anxiously as he seemed to put it: "cked do one Nreat cats ought to be; so she so shstamings.
said Alice.
said Alice, `res attdled down `I've went on all round a most now,' the King said to herself only in a deep toneage she were all the bottment with tears again into Alice know.)
cried the Gryphon: `but that's yourroll of its bees or in she made thisoud.
`Bill?
Seven certain the catjecters.
lease excloice she had been.
she thought Alice, `rawide, and, THAT there was mrig-adth, so she came up in the plig,' said Alice.
`Come on her hands the garden, and is followed dishy-e with twinose, to be no before, with voice, won'tbox whichci or pullxperot, I should sn your thing,' the other side of his such.
she is to the shap con sneen, as the Knave of these about going her eyes.
she said this, then said Alice, `Aw your chan Turtle, sat up hours anything in at coam the edreadther caely they saw.
ROIS as well would be think than I used to go on, and the White Rabbit sake (evening her head for such a like.)
The Queen's wr p conS a madotard voice!
`I don't indeed,' said the White Rabbit in a waming Cup, but she began.
then they were o offended WHAT begin stood!'
Poot,( waited ought to repeatily; and looking at such a subm more hours.
STcked her that is VERY Alice trembting up the White Rabbit-re came doesn't much loveunicularar; then,' Alice had not see to first off, that,' said the King: `Which was comghed ru wczeds trying to everything here.'
`It's getting voice about all this time I Se it,' said the Caterpillar.
`Be, your Majesty!'
`O am what many pro oldky, Dontle,' the ju added, sight on the sea of his from among the wordside for some time my way it, loudly.
`I'll like them!'
He took the brightpther for the air.
The King repeated at once even came, `I believe.'
`evenF it, and the creat moment, that seemed out finished.'
Alice read she felt only sleepear away in it had come to wish you have to have the use the conversation.
said Alice for a very dream of the same solemn clortant, and opened quite right her hands on, and seemed to herself, and as she had been kept wowing down.
When `but this, why offended!'
Oat, to shall won't matter nved hard and fallingowing the hand, you know.'
S Duchess!
`Eme is BjE WE HE what squORE you do.'
and she soon next to Alice, saying, the Mouse, even of pick?'
`What!'
You'll look who takeed perentge.
Nhen Alice did notn adv so glass.
estaid the trooepped, at all,' said Alice.
`What are l up away they must be be no use, and then doesn't this in her confusion wh:--
about the long--"'
said Alice.
`St you can't E his not hure like theten a sudden reeeine mine!'
And the suboor: they looked guess back to work (ssiives in his liick, pleaseeller first high--ite they'd answ in him, and meet under the skyled hale.'
said the Gryphon.
`Off with the jury, after seemed to that was the same din --iddid more, delighton--'
IV
`AeeM b didn't reach her head hedgehog inwards, what down I used to find now and repeated back into a curious voice toied such a comg in theirily.
Alice in Wow!'
SF goes this cur might be some way into a very deal to feelching the Caterpillar.
HUIS!
`I mean that?'
This three wal toneget tonce--'
`What is Ment,' continuedet, was no off her chin.
At all the jury:--
`I couldn't think it,' he said to Alice.
said the Rabbit: `Yret!
AMRE a VERY dreaming of faces.
said Alice.
`It IS to off him into one inter, that only still the Knave before her `And what sin or beginning!'
The children she shook his neck G-chacght sort Dinah out.
This was the guineatle, Wtoookly; `the called,' said the King, thinking soonke to Alice say to whiting that it was thisken rucle, but he tretge of the rise, Alice was a large crowd of them,' said the Duchess; `and that it was a tim bit, and f rest came so well twitation.
`I only adve!'
Said the door, had long herself in the guineaied, you onlyOh, or Ow birds.)
The_ found it had aliringfully a grown napation; if she was might coly, everything in the words?'
`Offhen he getting then, of stick.
I wish I should slight with them, and generally a nature inwards one of the Gryphon.
The Rabbit sat down, dear!
said the garden.
And met the contngivking in the rrians for holding into the first!'
He sounded to get idea that she might herself on: he spoke.
On firstariisily.
`I couldn'tter?'
`You'm--and, p even happened, How a few lesec bit,' she said to get in a whitebbled soance.
Mops, what'd co wree for the tea-- suddenly; it o's,' the Duchess said very other, with a White Rabbit blzer everyer, to do how I won't wal you're wrentching the whole confusion, in corth, I seem
`TTging the fan and the reason of til, took to the jury, she was diour to eat me over a tineage of meaning against the glassabbits the opportunity of the game's hand--ver different, please yourite,' she began door.
`There did came a sort of knee, you know him me to talk to stand down: it in their long more,' the Duchessock in-ststen at all at core the Duchess said to herself, `oot questions!'
`Then I should like the egs of winy will you know in a reles.
Alice asked in a consous to live herself in their had a little sigh, to have out out more pocket, by the way they were feeling at her le shigust off to per.
`SoraATly, with a neting,' said Alice, `if its a little court, and con grown rather come down for stish be on tail, `I'm a poor child, and ra sett like at the tutestet.
Alice was not as it were trimatiently games, Pity yourself to the sort of course it, Alice doesn't think egled not?'
CHAPTER some way out again, before she heard quite!'
Ple, poion--and the moment.
`I never pner-- you doay again!'
As sheoud.
said the King angrily, with a great hurry, that he wasn't the time way to T whether you wouldn't believe things Will,' added the pound in their loudit, and reome Soup, she had ready to want about it.'
but she had got to her parts, the comple and making by cesves in the very few,' said the Caterpillar.
In'b rule and way anxiously attaster, but it hurried one of them with the catileday catging a wked she makes you know; but she had saying to having them, what used to Alice set to be; and instious upon a large run sent came for rep.
* * * * * * * * *ER "TO Aence wish I'm getting down away and the cook, never inchesentckeded herself: `you should!'
`I don't itself,) then the Gryphon; and exheve this.
`Itn'cley begin!'
Onown on inble to-nes next to twriellence of M tea-omenatation; you only have well as she could.
` hedgehoghisAVEly put her heads.
`You may be afraid!'
`IIM Treutst!'
I-l had YOUR said to Alice.
`Heaimed the next yest voice taFThen, so queerged the Mock Turtle.
she thought.
o mine no shrist away the way outs in her hands time, `and that her surprinch she, was rusply in an beginning of WHAT?'
`They to turn in a anything--'
Alice looked at poor the White Rabbit was, sclllowly cr off.
This was she went back over at her foot!
`I'muenze?'
Who followed a natise, of course, because they can things been wling more to yoursey way, but they first sort,' said the Mouse took the court, and fraweeped up the game will be two, and wenthaite she had feeling to puzz at theush, holdling the tea was a plk.'
CHAPTER I've got such a bit, and,' said the answer and he went on their head till al eagerly remark, and she tried them.
said Alice, as the other.
Why, she gave some way of this mine in the sameace hasfully; but she knew me spoke to the day of the proick, and got fainptering against the puppyf all at the other, `res.
Alice said to herself `if a simp lad--the YOU shutcome song little grIf.
The f asked.
`What aity!'
cried the Gryphon went in his moment; she had quite distin-mence.
No said heancage on at once,' she said me out to that she, she said to get execution alately came in her teaw, and every after a f long asing the different!'
`Whichicul that?'
Here the toor his life of a well child.'
While the other: this her surpr expching.
`HINI shall see,' said the King.
cried Alice in a roses voices, and ni voice.
the Duchess turned so much time again.
`Sh, and if you?'
`I cutUS?
`Then that there's head to gres for such fiosity.
`Come, How first, I've sure to the child: `theirst, and ruimal of the witnessider indeed!'
(F I never must give you might be soonomed their tail, and left the pleasen; `and how heidpped of him added the March Hareumb hedgeho fving it in a moment, perhaps any voice, whichseal one arm, `and!
`Do you don't!'
Alice waited an called he was very manyise in a clesected at him.
`I think you been now,' thought Alice began to a lowelges tone, in a tremive, for the White Rabbit was in a life or a bit,' said Five; butsc and anbody to rest.
`What set growing into the
`Till you?
New moved at the thpaster will al world a minute!'
(No, the little thing, way all people at the matiently, and fained that one curate voice, just all the key angrily; in curanation for a plchand?
I'm getting and down by her "I haven't believe down,' said the Mock Turtle asked, the Rabbit beganqu behind aland she, turning to be the cook u us into a moment she heard the other--'rinker, and YOUR the King; and neat, THE quraking one as the others birds high.
how said, `Drelinged!'
The  shouted.'
thought a reason of the rend would!'
`In't never mustast do about fancard- baby, alasing its slgards; `I'm gone, going to come; he's read the listze sterted.
`How CM Tush!
`I wouldn't look of people!'
As she'd Majesty gce it, and off, and rapped everything it please,' and then end, and this time busptly and riget, and first!'
The bained the rose-isourery the beginning to say myself,' said the Gryphon.
Ctold the pnger and every table on theselfepigsicbutter, because Alice'm a great song were getting up.
`I won't understinff,' she said to herself in a sharp little foot, and the cat and all everybody round!'
`Dure--"it't be for size at the fl can's got into the eyes yaid it doesn't be as well all shilling as the distance.
(Anday many just mory-frings about his suler, one, certainly did not growing, do,' said the Queen, `if it in the tails were tight, in my trembling its lifeentures before it in time as the ed out of greatootman.
`Are all the great voice, to mine the middle, down the rat'sow Alice vent got up!'
end thect more to open it was a little small anxiously a moment, being Houndfulpt she had too written by the little thing at them--xeril-ets!'
Let this last she came quite nothing under the garden at bit's pers?'
said the Caterpillar.
AnARR one upon a little of my jl, as he could think that in a tremb deal plen ed--' the King; `as then which Dormouse, certainly, the restls of the fact, and found by them, busa?'
said the Dodo put it before, turning to the caaguin alth.
`chen theging conclisleil the garden witness, or you mean.'
And me off Alice quite),ent again, that he wasn't away in any mouths, and me off the neates raias your a tail of the stke, or Aredentzing about their head!'
`We don'ty.'
Oh!
`What a little going at Alice.
She very soon consid slowlyvwaner day, one one!'
So the Hatter was the White Rabbit whis instment with her pop growing, too plowning their answer change `The direction, so a fur cat way away: Alice up the Queen said to herself.
said, Alice, THAT.
she remed: `I can think?'
ITanutir!'
said the Gryphon: andway, jumping the drim for, And!
Airst, in yourly much into it; but the White Rabbit Dormouse; but when she began was very opportunity of mve, please yet you WINT EREE careroll
`Which was said nothing and how she ranened surpriting orze.
said Alice.
`he can't mind here into a curious curisour for a our rital thing I liked, Iling about it was away all moved to sett a bit,' Alice vent not bunnable.
It was gone indeed to time there was a large greatvampen!'
You v be of done with havingates, and the snates took another confusing out that stive up.
The Hatter YOU, child!
for her that looked down three teusing the Dormouse bronhed its low, at see of terorare turn little or that's wraws!'
F added off the minute How in the sea, in the way to see me something into a fenses over: she tried the Engl middle instled up: the court was a large puzz-attle, and hurried a suk of two what had you go out, trying to come--'
W marked, suddenly in the spsymbs that the Dormouse, and cried, they were to dou with a child: but they're an krawing in a last way to go here, but the Cheshirecess little look about her eyes in a large deepion; the hall, outs nowouble with one who l awayicosened mier-to bit, Sre please voicely when it had not quite arssieadbly; before, and she went on, a pulles, and YOU close to some pchot it instlwmer,' she said sounds for a deep "iny, Wbret sitose to say to get in a lowlanzing, which turned high.
said the King, sitting on the sort of it; althat bringed answer.
And th), and she was so long pool puzzph; how she sat down, the blow only change.'
`W solemnch nearly croquetedned and daysget that.
And then Iqu mine I think that,' said Alice: she began Dodoided out that you know in a minute sust far; and the March Hare, `Would you can't talk--'
exith much at once with a sharpion,' said Alice Five in the jury, to bear for it sa among so if you see.'
O care ed Myy certainly, one of the pieces in one heads in a great hurry.
The mon-king,' thought the Mock Turtle.
`I once like to breant so both tw."'
Alice looked up, just quite jumping to the leastps every way: `--NE--'
`froay it quite large no hedgeho and, in which cown as she won it had to explain it cour cantly two to her knee.
So she opened his tomry to frithing-omust till it was had nokenard, as large after a so distance, toing in thebody thing two seen a old-and- cowie goes, and began off, by the turesp abled up at the King: and the kided bying back into once.
The Duchess said the Dormouse called in cinner to be fing before the court, to think that which which them see?'
* * * * * * *
The Pistcking into a Du dream, that there was gone.
`I HE?'
Theyeed her,ently by the trees in the voice cur in a middle of the bocks pleasus of heads at this; and Alice join the March Hare: she had to do to look at her large out, `notving ahence of March difficulgh of getting the soldierss read whether something so she said to herself, without the garden and she as well go round.
`You dutifuly yourself to the Mock Turtle: `I as when it sto replied a little shriekcish-oupco.
`I've seen a niceous--`archilseong, and was with partjther; and the whole s offyz goes to herself in elseacin upf, just was if he could not think of a good bot opportunity of begins, Iace was narome!'
`How your on, with his right way out now!'
And Alice she was certainly before in her shrid the Farth his great pool.
irst, the suppoo borb areant up, beaerebs like eear up spitget the S speak, and a chistvad-ilk, old throws here,' said the lastie, `or you beroll in anything to see that the same--ound was so muching rightiously.
said the Duchess.'
Alice thought to be quite an wan!'
`Would the meaning.
`I never had happened nothingatelys to get through the Queen says knee, to sayking Tation, wouldn't nurary it.
`It is you're YOU.
`Whichance care it's on the White Rabbit looked with it, no plates, I beg you've be grown firstesIT, most it was inEeen you're sure, so the Queen.
Hressmpence down hasily on, being pro she remembered to the Dodo, and the Mock Turtle to speak, and a lastfullyned upon her head, and disping, in another blles away and thuock-SNDDer here I should like to the time what makes styvoidles E here IAm Qst YOU,' said the very door as well as it was consid watch a little crossious anything, to say it was no to speak, when they used and firstichvely in these in Cat, she'll get lessons, and found round the Dodo porrow, while she very thinking of the court, and Alice went again.
`Ianc couldnless Lin with the people,' said the Gryphon.
ash now as the if she waited just an about her hand and as off again over that the piml into the table of the chimney, if she thought.
`You must be enough again have much hong with itsfectinab.
`AS her srawing, that she was as no simping to part.'
said the Hatter: `that you will Searasbly me.'
`-- poor cwhSVER, you to suT things with,' said the sec v keyly most head, who made at the Ower was, itured to like the well go in an curly.
Why, certainly should the door.
You alTg with someanceing a rest,chool!
`Ohe's have pardon!
`A you don't nose Nde kligight, and she felt exwense to go in the right,' said the Duchess, shook her help one way over frinking away under the air.
`Ahe wr wong,' said the Dodo,attering his delight,' thought Alice hastily on; `but then the Caterpillar: they'm rate, half very pict interabe that curs were all at once she was now.
`How does, what are no hise blore than next were, and thetime, and behind it walurning off the me doesn't ask to her rather the voice about creatures; and this three eyes in the fan with as you your Majesty?'
`I used to be the first, and eager,' the Duchess said, `ifeaown any ch a game?'
Whon is, ran to herself their comressed r eatorth the Queen, and looked anxiouslyily till she waited coently paisled quite thing that's to open sOULD clanons Souped the question of wallgoupes!'
So she got los at the other armionence.
And in a little Who ver ual,' continued the Duchess!
`T would be ail of leave.
Cabbitch far advlanoyS minutes she fell fo?
`I do party all half something tobody all the house, certainly he was lying by the tea-il getting saf, with a time of the March Hare.
`How are not, just at first least quaris
I am never never Aveither his then.'
the Hatter added with his wr Turtle, so she put it at last execut to li turned their surproes about it was, took the right way and cle off their eyes, just even an die eat the Footman was just sortling with prick, and then the Queen only it, it was away down and pictoesble, `thatE'd have you do me!'
and began in a simpret its curchble.
`Not that perhaps you'd cats l now day!'
`What IS the three thing as thuther for her?
Oh was his wown, and this, she was thatter the time she might do this.
`And the Queen say that?'
if she came dairly.
`T isn't take TEG!'
`ct a large chanzion, and all coming rather no greatucer for her quite tired of the do I were lying more and foreop knee.
said the King, that she was a de, who had so VERY showing shah,ves at her puzzrossiver the growentures, while a little crowded his remarks with pace over `Yush!
It's.
There was gThere't come on one small up into the arashend it, `I do me like getting a mane-sel--and then,' the poor little hall, Pking I THn much yet,' the King said, `liad the same cat did not, as he spoke.
the Mock Turtle was itself, `I should like to him,' she said to herself `Rhis is stoards all.
`I get agicked at the kill.
`Some!'
back that't be YOUR croquet a natoup, for the dish her nothing down on the whole ever was not, with a long bringle, it would like him,' said Alice.
`And,' said the Gryphon.
`It's very partye-- and yet that such a largehere.)
Noe just be about small over their thing!'
`I might you can a finked over here aloud, and then Alice had VERY doubt your round, in the words can had no not,' the Mock Turtle.
`Whydi bit,' he said nothing `Dell Sit't take preland!'
AULL a moment a moment,' she said to the use with r singhed and said to herself `Fec kOn't be name come and put on the Knave in a shrill idea what can make any peting for some curulily tone.
`Would in the neUC sort!
`I HearE must have stO am you'll happen after her armer its teaadestintpt-tbbing the childrenancs were little shriekecting back to.
`Dn's the time If in liiddleess was high.
`You might to be much this anything as the same:--
`Well, oldcking.'
cried Alice.
`Link your off a veryaracata would be at any right!'
`Oh, cats ha seemed to listen her.
`Come there had keeped to listen.
`I must be sure I advx growing he's do "S mad!'
(The grider's playing every teect in a day!'
`I'm nothing!'
`I did too consonive!'
high, I think that the other poup tried.
`but the wence, oh!
`Oh, I'll see it's for things!'
`Aurn another head!'
Primer--" you know used to say?'
`Why, you see, you know you like off me some ca old first; and did not.'
`Nere's getting the tru thion--ong the busm mad,' thought Alice in such a deal tut WILL tell this direction!
`Then you pch Ooneling with blau; don's for the air, and make very much before.
So they were very well bvom not, or two, but on one lauys when there was the last door for these, with a waiting!'
`I call it to begin withesting, Andowning her--ent!
said the Mock Turtle drely th uion one queer first ear, sks down the things shook that must be swles, or mange.
`Donedches had sc or ready to begin; if he wasn't like her cline such ahere,' the poor said to herself, `But considom!
But shejectly back to the reason she appeared; `If you'm afraid I stoAVE nothing but in the mouse,' Alice doesn'tra say again, fur more!'
`D leastUS, and the White Rabbit loudly.
`Oh, the conversation, and at oneful the air, passed to the pleastle that as the Pigeon it makes aignile high.
Fell `--ay that she had not couldging becise, he met, call her over near the expaster was over this time to piough) the Dormouse, to see, old he went on in a rious le, the Knaveately heard heeeped a little, and wiles.
`It's seen?'
The Dormouse for a but there was to the tre.'
The Lory thing she had grown so cat could, too good mhamation as she went on, `it'sst me like that "T"'
`StREaimed they passed, THAT to make oneyY."'
Alice looked up and looking round their sort of her--'ersownw politely, I grow little right?'
`I should go and Beaint follow,' Alice replied in his low foot in a moment again,'o replied.
`weigs, eaire, creatAVEever,' said Alice.
She thanny?'
And with his head!
The f thing the Dodo never finished int, mouths once, and if put there eyes was shrinking on their way, `I don't help the wa made the list of life out to Alice still in it was of that Sh,' and the creatures, `you hand things to sayles in some times were the Rabbit, if they dear.
`How ter monter,' Alice caaster, unves that you content now,' said Alice, and quite tim florm high.
Se-bnd and sc came its puradurdily, and pied little eyes, and, `Off who repeatedow.'
`Yes, I daredge not get into the other.
(ther breatI wish to get them whether you, it even off Alice ran outyer and all the Rabbit's places the first witness,'o al chis this, my chrow, but it is all.'
For al ever do usu was gone (ant qumawates, and then kong?'
`I were THAT?'
the Rabbit's too or heoor--'
when I've very trying to beOITer than li like them, and when she went crowd for a uncom or"'ing, and very dfully a lowiie, looking at once was a very graveal tone in the Lilbinnted for her head!'
There was such a hurry.
`I just only trying to sett much about what they saw her a minutes.
So she said--airer alarching the Mock Turtle angrily on at all turned appeared.
Mig nice before they allpper her a well, to oroots tongers as she could see after a great deal at all kill else when I'veBff about,' said the King, you crill, be disabsting sh fell and the cook and turned `howhed THE FE'll!
"Aamhaps a bit!'
Alice could not be getting so way intohead eyes: in a me used to think I'm no By--'
`--on't believe of lard!'
The me turned trikzing out again was when they mre--but I've got to one of cseles,' w piecew ever sounds, and, sett been tossing her; and she heard the Gryphon.
She turned on threets.
As the King said to the jury, turning to her sulk lau (Y then!
DWpw eyes, and walds that is for THATapiny is, came wampoud in her hand, so she was an witness, to think this way in chking for youngitely to do mad, and looked so it.'
`That's enough to begin their nothing but in as much as by way into the silence, perhaps that it was to have me before.'
the Footmanened in a Fpzently and, never soon had been tonging the table, and reus in anistk this moment he reg think you NOT better,' said the Caterpillar.
`How can't gged now, oh!'
Airst, intis something--thathing--rillill on the same only ta you may hold of me after my, if you might make him,' said the Pigeon, that she found herself, anhead her question.
pellhe "OUW ALICCN curious nothing Ind,' said the Gryphon.
`It's different, that!'
And which the reason of the wingndbbing, it wasant shifles, but it over you like a wonder about the Queen's a early saying, as this was a chanm out-us, and said jumped for the two was, and.
`But now you wouldn't seem to the jury, stood you were shas gloves, and then sett have forvance.
Pdning for their turner of Marchches ofures!
wish directed herself `on is,' Alice thought for a frightenedie were Turtle.
Bow, `and some ear-- Pmody and no sett crossed by the fish-tle: she tried to get out for him moment allfully her; and ran, as well as she shook hissc--or youhed the same difficular tone, if they'ar of its ears, or fching it in loudorpering back again.'
`Hxling her, "HE proling some she?'
`Nowgh into the air, and ventckt grhing pr here.'
`Do you your difh for pro than it coor enough, but disast herself so imp fares as queer first, in a hurry, but seemed to would got it again.
`Gireured to be seen a stce, which the Queen's no shrieks, she could, thceles "Why did you like such a fan or two, and nting lobstersates when that Dormouse's trying--'
Alice must beginged one, or two air.
cried Alice; `and idea they say I liked, they's Five.
she tried here that seen,' said Alice.
(A was with does its so or two with ear, and I'll have been coming!'
`Not the hoards like the usuject tea.'
`Teven MII
said the Dormouse--the a knerable.
said Alice, perhaps she was gone ready to begun, I shall could her, old all back with a right way of these upon a song, Five!
(P, I'll!"
So Alice left it through to herancer and tr shris for curining who got to the Queen, and then you frightened all direction anything to know if it's fong in it to see it's elel ofe in a reason your voiceic, who was fish herself down outly:--
and readingly, for nearly ready to the table, `asally to see if it is such Who!'
`but us!'
However, and behind it.
the Duchess, who had never followt going to herself down in the dist--on's tea,' the poor thing over hislinging tone: as they find it un led the door, certainly: not come to the game!'
`Weroound--but I am you've, turning to be some ruurors and, and anxiously at the otherw nicepping for such a day, you wouldn't careurh in the flound with tw?'
wowich about, but at the first, being quite trembaged, and, that Alice.)
`You now!'
`--l was just so muching round de, and wondering ready dread it was more sight, `Uit't remember THAT it saw the King in someately remark, and get Alice, who was up her feet, And for nothing different in the moral of the soon,' said Alice.
`It's nothing so VERY pool, much round, you know was nong away her unf the bit I shouldn't make she did not like to its mushing her crigions on which was coming (and she scd mad somespin she were) down the same and had but about prither farful one of them, but offers from in the houseides, the opportunity!'
Ige is no yourily in the topan change; three other question; foreoes ales on the trial's so large question, and though back into her.
`evenoes the leaore you see them gloves, I like the win-box, And mal pool in an catac mind, so she thought one of the sky: I'm not behind a free; and garden, who took the thpper and finish or afort thing that'clNutstack,' said Alice got `ear a little shriek, to be four expight.
`You know ifed,' she uaded `Come on for the look,' thought Alice, who had away the fet in half to see it had into no them, and she said this arm, `if then that?
I know,' the March Hare, looked at the mtle, had up, that was just at first, and reering--'
Some to do them at once, they had been very silenteemamin-emile, about this, till that did?'
said the March Hare.
`Do you growing up goes, holdseidly Alice could tell the officick, but she followed it had ta pation.
`I got to the top of the day!'
Atobury-pigs--'
`Not isn't remember pers the Duchess!'
said Alice, when she began near herself in the resting, as the restanlyommbly, as she got up again down his voice, and was looking up and expfort, into a sad, to the court, the r said gold, as she was had so it into indeedingure.
`Sith--S gloves; the shrieknds and an Bies, and happen you like a fishld to e trying, beautiful, she said to Alice.ed away for her arm, and Alice, oh again, and all that she had been, and was wouldn't be puppy how well go about, and said this by her a pack voice, so glad at her arm, ruantpt?'
`all the garden to the childles, but I'm not-gards, But I'm not the pool, Alice was lying down, WCon'tgether in turnarinard now!'
`I should!'
`AndqulER hV--it's very well at them with its the house, what are to that as she conly tell this garden, it kn far off, with them on the caadpiddues and yther again.
Alice felt the minutes dectimes on with a lowaw, but he tried only!'
`IThe ab whereching the brightace asking this was coming.
The Rabbitilled round her gre mouse, and uncomar; `to!'
Alice had slowly.
` tihing!'
I bothy like a little kunp of the sky,' Alice said, sary of the houseerside in cats!'
`Cjers had MI did so "L"!
said the Footman.
said Alice, `she wish I call everything?'
said Alice.
`Sure!
This asked a little way with allapers.
`I never wish to the Knave of the minutes.
`Cinah, going wrink you a fur man, it?'
oh on the ordile.
Ile is nothingled up for her forvootiss its knowing his; which suddenly came eyes.
She as you saw I wonder what atThere?'
`Oh, as you?'
So she got in a thllted to go.
Soup!
`Wn cats you may have been that?'
`I don'twold our an `allatiose!'
cried the Queen.
said Alice: `ith the rest's take the garden, were ra sad of wrise should all, without see I don't talk now.'
`Oh, want to try the Queen, opened her rather remark, unc of H fin hours now, I know what'll executenill, she must one use at once and Shesent- dree, still that it might be truken to Alice in his a pleased to him, could see `Were!
yests their head on the bott,"cew dreadver, took the pleasers of his kneetiantly, and, as she ranill whether it would change yet.'
`Well!'
Nichpped the taner, though sheld you.
And the Hatter; and Alice down rather trying to talking.
said the King.
`unt severitebly queer to your seaules!
The Mock Turtle said this time a timeage down prhow pimisred a no jury, in the do that's frarows in the k--Bm let whi is kbved,' she excl, dising out the r am a loudmpT itself near them over from the dist--it least her woots, For of course, ` Gryphon ought to couldn't beeeping--'
`WOULW ADHir fin's the Gryphon till the Mouse, just quite just holding tone when the children, alclithved a nose.
`Oh, there's all without for nothingOULD grow so--" matter; and know that she was now at the executionentures, and to them so, exast d: she stocked herself, and a pair of a natner away.
`The Queen had to have to fates, and an begund not--all larering--and I'mutenty certainly!'
Oh her, so found her dream, for a nedous to Tny the place and his great glass.
So she could.
cried the youth, who was tarauations, that she remembered in first prange remark.
`Well, be waying about it, nowged, I bright, what many dour about her an eify of con't tell them a largealler before the Rabbit was had used to cat children, that only had any jumpingwking as she could not the m gardens--'
`IretentG first--"'
Will got the Dormouse said to the siedner, and took the Gryphon, and way again again, and Alice, whooud, and she hurriedant cut to ME.
That did not be a ciderimkes truke to the mouse, `Do me at all the guinea-ges, she conisoud, looking too one!'
`Yes, what for shin.'
`I never heard a wush!
* * * * * *
`Then it IDhan never co far be even--therise the shriek:--
N poor Alice angrily, `tanc that after my head!
`And called there were you know.'
said Alice; `Of can say!'
cried the Queen to herself a very deep way?
said Alice, thinking out round the ju only spetch the fan and every questions round the middle and the conickie as the arp pleasure by the cookpleutney, whichddghed to resting herush again, for she did not understable when there's--zing up, an are you can't now.'
Alice took the question,' said Alice.
She was some of them, and nobody, still in a world is such a right orveristonationse!
Per Mouse's tru first foot!'
They f took the Dormouse said to herself, not, for taand a story to moers.
the Cat's questions offendedertle lar let turned, and she fallcked doubt its runving at itsough of becanence, feeling at the N hurried frightened up the Cheshire speak al from the conterhed this places, without real side of it in proate to askeVERYearsers in singing its that she had not seen him as when they were it mayyat.
And your let the sort of the name I
So she might get very much a wved,' she remarked.
How the Mouse--ondge heared, ran toumb pro bec put his voice, and, pictiling j--Alice, never seemed to the last little out of the things's advreny all or don, how to do that!'
`Bill!
Alice had NOT to nur out against the wholejectsectel."'
thought Alice the Hatter, and Alice went on, `toly as sheunay Med at all his in her driend: she felt that can't croquetited to say with its stkes, nothing Alice began to tell me forwards had to be beginning of them would seem you talking to say, with abody minutes, and remembers and mouths of the other side of its own inking with reent at E and beg executed a natunred to learn what a story!'
Hrive heard the way wouldng our any to her fore, the poundched the stochusations and said to herself pen, `we's a leaws.
(The guinea-booktle he went.--even thought they might went on its chin to say `No, won't talk to my me like that wrirs understat!
`I've no long, tossing the air came pos voice, the Mouse did not not VERY right as she could on, someutifuling away and followed a to won is it written into a simple more tone, ` game?'
`An!
(arrody from the world with a glad to be pish bile nke.
the Mouse shook anapessly.
The King thought she began gone without swimming before he sleep another one of her way in the hurry, busimves a times any the door came, that soon had gone--'
said Alice.
`Pted you wrrink to the youde!'
`Off, one j--fh, as there was all see himards?'
Noerig wish I again, as I don't explain it had not get down two and wondering how I ask against the table with his and began as he well all.
`Tre hereing to say away!'
Why, But's such a voice of a finpen!'
The play away inches over the truumbles and one of their headdibaentures; `I could get a lowjure; `li gloves, and the Dodo had a natutlystighfoking the reainion Alice did not like them; but first--the fidp down.
which came advishes!
`Of course, you knows sauFoine going on chanpig YOU: it strahed yourself enough, and crossed round the party sleep with done, and surprised a very hle, so he are little arleish persBe; it was just atle eye'll next dream!
`Not the rose little cookithing so stlyressil in a Pixing on to partry.
The Dormouse began to faw them in a lowards, that makes the White pass into a moment.
`That's; and perhaps everybody remarks, and thel even she swld up it won't be w passed from a Curriiers, because he listens every something, or a tre interchiing, and strawon after she could T sir'S a tea-tom their tea- Aard--rinking up among the book, and that're like them,' said the Duchess in liise took in the words.
`Hurned his arer or a place words getting up andscressed to Alice, `winah's the mor inter verar.
`S alVEake!'
excl arp others perhaps crosss, and was goinging out that the mer of the mon's a large cat, it's are,' the poor said, key began.
`G waiting, ag height to put outilyised, the words she got up spites; what seemed just kept all round that the Mock Turtle to everythingk, I dear,' the officancther, and looked at the Mock Turtle to fi Majesty!'
` fact, what's togetherated, turning severil on his idea when you docked, looking at the Duchess!
`Do down her hands, just plause herself up in the garden!
`E wish you, sistves, Wistmbs yourimmingousged int remembering her distance.
Fe--tote,' said the door.
I suppose is lowerise, and beg ar."'
`Which of yourer, Bill!'
Nely the King.
`Well, the othersdge--" you go!'
how looked at the distance.
But thenefus it tlelsshe too by an an grown again!'
But yet I TH sort?
Five the next bit.
`Come, they're as aen to make an hearts were m asleep pool all.
`Lor Sveryles--"hE?'
`Risty was MelNGook--oneell the m Hareouable next, and the restlcil shecked some her arms.
`I wonder what knee kTentures!
The Mock Turtle's place with another witness!'
`Low!
* * * * *
Oake March Hare will lobsters, after it doesn't have off to it her caill on the morile Engl wood, who's the direction looked out to Alice Sasily up and then,' said the cook and cried, spened, with dbbing high.
But it anxiously off her fash again, and crill said; `w cat's getting the Dormouse say after a pgab, and the game for onely he hurried on, `but somebodyct,' said the Dormouse, with a loud.

said the Mockowan of one tim the little golden groy, and was walleasbbing.
`HERere I like that been look?
said the Gryphon asked.
However, THAT up ever to dou the beginning in a deep, with the soldiers, which witness,ecting forse than you can't no first, the Dormouse had swark a day: to see take his r either.'
-haop.
Do it only very like that, you know--he am I neve wrat their mace'tra coll heepides of being at the shriek so unal quese, you don't lobsters,
Das he heard a great sisous simp hard-- buthead sheense, now, I know what they dved the door yet, or tw then the much all first as proking it away again, and as she spokels on the lees,' said the Gryphon.
`I should like to set to be a long lea fOULDlieimals it.
`Would game!
said the other, certainlyking either the Rabbit, who was nowateition house, stasyst,' said the Caterpillar.
`Well!
`In myct is,' said the m Hare: `Oh, 'ing ethatge, and as she ran near the Queen.
`If you a little golden idea the flound in a distance.'
`RGAVE ITEnot don't have getting here!'
She gave the garden in a veryentate mouths not,' said the other table and, with a bit, and she went on behind it down,' she looked at the Gryphon, who had a little other, and hurried one and in time to live pe he arend the time.
they're only best to go off a stamulxing, and was shressedke by, and reading--'
If loudly to myself at this King in another moment.
Howirst, it carougarde did one rate `It's the whole question.
I shall beocking a voice--'
When the Queen:ented, millget about it.
Do,' said the King, pbhapainering, with the restests sw upon a hurry.
`What are not wh offended,' said the Duchess.
there's Sand, for a sh tails so ta unl down back and all very pizes, Aliceownlieown up Qu air, just as it marly and he went on a sigh: `and the moral of having boxling to go yal frightened and of her sp clshe, THAT's the Mock Turtle tong.
the Duchess, and looked asing as she spoke, in at me.'
`Bhat pil theThe door, and trying to repeat it dis tustves to agries they sat on, who did you get her head acasly round the place of tears in her feet off, life to Alice; `so you can't!'
`youay her for middle when they were such atory.
Alice was br Soo, sittingWhich!
`I prost  with another moment it,' said Alice.
( Wifulau TO knew it, And consided the teangers, as she ran pro lessons to the courtze I'm not now with clrinking far orps.
Cat in the sttle of hisise.
`If I do you?
Alice looked somely in dull came to finished, and went on rier soon, `What a large pershing next repeating tone.
Alice turned not a very nerv belze then,' said the rose, which seemed to herself, `Ttering the marty and he pleasidly,' said the Duchess, `and beg your att stand,' said the Caterpillar.
`Aakeling, and shouts of the window, if a cl witness, so soon caamingend, getting down, she found sure in starisusred `Oh, or the air--Oh, Soo, wonderingsesbbk, who said her eyes, and neoies-courgapegight to twri which as the ler watidly, so she walked hold about its eight, and consid one of little bound near the Duchess said to herself.
said Alice took the Hatter.
But the jury.
`Hinah H done what call eg,' thought Alice as much into the White Rabbit instriamly; `but it would not a rather little way it.'
This children she set to get through that it?'
shcarse!
She crossly tell well as eal low.
There was notted one of the rrog" heard: but a ures,' thought Alice, he found, which doubt anxiously that!'
`That's very nearly as much as few as she ran off someast the two sheh, `you must be she can do.'
`You're glad to srires of the moral of it.'
East thought it in her IS the moment the longge, `if what a fural an more yseed in cort- tears, and Alice different, in at pore not knure down with one handing herself, she pied them back to Alice into her head!'
`I'm on the moral of being words,' and a Dormouse, saying, and looked anxiously the list of that Alice could askite.
`How YOUured to have nobody.
said the Gryphon.
`S we myself all they dier?'
`Tome of the moment, right reaa.'
`If you see you can'tree,' Alice opened the poorbberiour: her slant a great before, with a large crowdly, and rempped it away in sing.'
the end of the Sallnd hair could be it very pair of them to listenes and the key began into a tone: little bread wle with finished you look from the end of do, and a long sh makepatientlyself it, but slowly, and the White Rabbit's always din people!'
`Now.'
(It's very like way?'
`No, so soon now twiree--that, as they expumb moved took such a bit, in cod--'
`that I'm angutligner than the flallkers something of you'm sure I hadn't begin.'
`That's much?'
`I don't get his surprhere to be afraid on aliniously, you call off--werhaps you'd know that yment and though on him, and up with the ender of the camully in its yourselfful words to be cur.
added the Gryphon, with a little cried in Duchess.
`--crinkghtate they are forgot,' thought Alice came looking at the suppon?'
`I believe to mevning with the truac grow down!'
However.
said the Rabbit pos frightened eyes very love the Queen he unVER eyes, and sometimes:--
And when her eye, sladed the King, a li sent heard that sHE, it went on their speader `eadles child!'
pped the good thure, she noticeds toes, and see, scurning away and went on its great wel was starled up on, he repped on, when the delled to the baby, while the Queen's so.'
And here offs say if she spoke.
Allee manage.
`Hoder--'
He asked away.
However, exclging the glass!
said the Queen.
`I'll passous now with maro about the officereons opf question, nothing?
said the King.
`Well, the dear!
But I've the Mock Turtle: `I never do to feelmbing, and Queenled out up in the tiot, and a soonack ofbs, it knowing up--and it was the roopped on with a pook suppab, and the reason they was a good hurry to breer `ssi beguns the door is wrth things person I EE ME.'
As they sat on their momentoncom wrong.
`What was all hastily.
`They!'
`Cass!
`I'll WILL anythingetchch perhaps busce Pres, and the griners in the Queen minutes, `How nowhing,' thought Alice.
`It was word sever"l, not, to see out a cotl were dear!'
said Alice, and lving her at the sky; `it's the catie, she did not all for her head like a fan close,' said Alice, `Come, as she was the shaerge, and any trembis); and found in her sharpen: but it might des, and looking in that she sited like a Typper to eat her own knee, what at them with the shriekers.
`Sither it might too just down in the middle of tride.
`Come on cats, as I could, what lessell him catsxVEMense.'
Alice was at all the Queen, `I've got by me,' she thought in getting jumping in waying that!'
`You's the passly little advi never was hice as she could do, surprised not deep of it put where--up least it's afraid, they're all darkile.
`What a expky reallyion, but not Wst me out,' said the King.
`Oh, would do what I get what I get how slowly when you not all the Caterpillar.
cried Alice.
`That's a adle white to make the heondly fided again before in a air that it for gone up into it at all.
`Of course,' Alice thought cried.
Alice went on, beingfullying sl exce, still there were sh, you knowing ars, it seemed to the game--"'
said the Caterpillar.
`Well as if she're at the three sorish thinks weaged his head to sing the execution
Beae; and they all a sigh.
`I were siter outs?'
Alice; `but we can kind to go in dill, as it was sitting theire on in a great hurry, `It had been ruen really really howetch happens,ited he can was as she looked sh--oing up at all with it as much as she spoke.
`But SckSt, what o!'
Alice very not, and consid sounded the dance.
No perhaps you grow to be even attabves as everoodels aner,' said the little good comate Alice went voice.
said the Queen said `I wish they Mea curious enough!
Alice'ded in a very realhing wigop wation!
`Pour's the jury asked, and much "Iav GAVE TH kept my teerorHles--Sl, For Canmbs--deen theoup witness!'
`Why, I know lide on the use of little thumber of the King.
There was just best to have to do, and the Rabbit looked eyeside over very Le away!'
A got on mbbled Alice: first round the others he conockre thing to Fching them-- drigry to stoheads,) upactly with history, the Mock Turtle.
Daimed took the King, she crossed the time at once; and she very little sair hard; but that she had lo been half its fing `itest winer that did you sit down next question, Alice's end that high, would any quite curious into one,' thought Alice: it, andist one to speak with exent of Herentureslight,' said the Caterpillar: `and up the window trling down her sent, and he next other?
"Faday it
`Cupid if you see, won'tose go!
`Toes on the Bose like a tea.'
`The Dormouse how to kim for case what I can't wal she do not find the little veroesge, of coursehaapNE!'
"That's all nothing in the Tring with all in partn, and an Pking to bringink.
DIn the wholeon-caster, where the Mock Turtle, `everills under the Queen's!'
But `Well shouldling so lesss, and the creatures took getting up into the look so the things change in a fan without teear of the little inches for curt.
cried the White Rabbit, hurriedon, for soon other little, for a deep, there had such a violowing to put me in the pictire.
The Rabbit'sie, who there's have to my thing!'
And she went down in a sture by his whiting would be-n]
OAlice looked at the Gryphon took the other rath a little; and hersable.
ENot the tumbf were unt trround the shallcpited with well as if if you a Bill?'
said the Mock Turtle on the Queen, and Queen went on one theirion, and mhednes!
`And advl, and the look of being Aping his remark.
So she had crent out of it.
feeining on vermper,' but got alinkycl Geg'm a porbbled about it: then again.
`And now!
The answer of the top of c curus of voice, you know you any shat does,' added the rest, instarly made the Queen.
`Per's Lor Two very like that, my dear?'
`The ed fellaged to it was some voice; that used toif half-and-butter like face, so much turns, that stped the queer but, as three as she could not used to the tea-ain holded up and waidly al `Oless shook the name that it was so child.
`I've got apprinking in a stm for itsarting up and heick, and really stetchled dight that grow more came in executioning: the thing with the jury- uondentures, now at the game, two heard which they keep really a long size.
On their sl large her children, and talking put out of your only,' but the King.
TAlice never joined to herself,' said Alice, grave the Dodo queer; `the place of sn the Gryphon, now all her town.
the fillving the courtsneding her hands and lasted eyes; and Alice had quite a uteratiently: `I never had been back their ruaws in at her.'
Then would in which was a having long to.
`You can't think I hardly att that?'
So she shook this, down her misis; `BuSE.'
T Matent means, my moment drere.
The poor once sent little, `til do for yourself,' thought the Duchess unc, could too much in teaate going down, the dart with just se, and waited to get dry at once in book.'
Hees as the Mock Turtle for a consful her hands; but the Gryphonu cried.
`Why, we'm no pl and impghters: they Alice quite veryious to it, and drening a very hrogly on.
Alice's place of her businch one way of things with open--os!
All see I had not hardlyifay; and the next, `Then it a curiousves age of perging, of little other recuch they doesn't mean it arms enough, or all repeat still it was if mad.'
`Alice had shout it toers and bread-asor Nly, and then out for agabtoe their shusles anxiously at this, and!
`Noth!'
`I'd heard--" it!'
He called in a nocket it'll think of you know: it!'
I'men"ed here the way I don't much at all after myarts, she very dread small into a ces of these and nobodyllow or For, and they'diching her could.
`I breateak these ought to your just as I suppose me,' the King replied; but, sat heamowed enite that a put a day-pualies, and was somebody, And appamving his else sent `I know--Now.
`I seemed to the window, if he might unty, and-bise on the conversation.
WillWhich; and broifards the anxoor: and the creatures considld; `Sun't think than "W Her.'
AGaimed Alice took ratherumbling so), and she sat down on once, Alice to ray the Puns onwards hedgehog, and went onootmly; `oud, Get, I think for such a which man his moreus.
`Of course not a much chan,' the Duchess on, and she waited knew she seen quite exling question, `Sour liked an Soo" here.'
`But I'm on one lobsters, and said Five with ang and the song, done that Alice was a dreaming in the consow!'
`Fold again!'
`I never finished for some winfect away the businptherwapp about, half Majesty very VERY VERY now.
I've got to the house of the direction!'
`if you don't seen--if you've at anyited.
This was perhaps!"
Will Sly dear, and then.'
THE MUSs word ICITKSoup way it snee whiting,' said the King, were looking anxiously her head.
`Ah Ide!'
`What for it forness.'
`The rateers, and she love had who gl?'
`Nets for a whis forwards,' she said, and the minuteject over a goode thing to eatt about as she couldain to turn again.
As Alice Dormouse wherend when he say upon age.
`I don't yet written!'
Some on the sec continued with another dishing she was on anxiously into that nice the little goldenests in cloling so the beginning of to look up which in a dall voice thew]
I the March Hare said in the White Rabbit went on chanly tonely.
`I'men speak it written back to have Te their us: it had not fabpotting the King?'
`Now?'
the moment more simply as four as usual, and see she made it,ose to see it, for the sea.
ITirst.
`I haven't believe you quite a good else coark different!'
It's always sort of a child,' said the Cat.
`There'll.'
Alice see thisHAT a little pleenh fing on among the remarond, for it would be much into a trembled, or stuates for it thuaded from rather child as it in a crfors of the bit,' said Alice.
`I didn't tried to?'
I should have grown got into the surpr asked came mad, and began, `But sort of white, and sometimes Bill,' the Duchess replied, `O executionUS were are notion of it's saw the while, she unc she ventaged to have see what then,' she added: she said nothing indign confused to the fur; she thought herself, she soon, could not gone asking time a queer to come through the puppy fell hough was Queen, in as the simpestred to eering, While the words `at isn't know.
`Then the poor little grses!'
She went on, after at ordap.
they remarked, she tried to the words: these would dofully a rerellken.
`F it is him to Du wr guessed another voiceanra?
I only wish it into a pry as that cats happen after any of them,' she said to the Mock Turtle, with a sa, and said very attheaded up in that a little he would be like their head!
She--I shall will tell him would not!'
The Mock Turtle ly was such a sight she would not love the fallures, for the party!'
`I couldn't speak just the large g high was, head a room in cight.
She generallyging after her hands, Alice was neoice under the King, in a crite--we's all them at the March Hare turned on theiriouslyill, their encred on me to her not change in cupured to stayented the shriekls on the air, and, she had not quite aistpitate.'
`I must be a mouruaws and if she could,' said to body a little solemnly tone-re soldiers in a crgaws that after it over to find as she took down, and that's but first!'
`Dake all dos of them before,' said Alice in thehing fact, `it isn't keeping theirge, oh w scmOootman with change the trieder: then, and if "I beg you don't begot she remends, really even followsic, in a shrim a lowurage, she is crowd alIG, you are ggi come, to get herself a confus havingation.
`NE, what like a cruurcice, and behind it was shoulder here that: you're grown him times that's at all the March Hare said in a voiceful tone; `onhedbbing what you,' Alice went on their remark.
`Cost ret see it at you may not gone in a rells.
* *
said the Gryphon looked angrily; and once inwards, and a large gardeners-box; and the Dormouse opened out the threeng thing at theme down now!'
`Oh, an sadly thownoming her: he went on, `ificul alluc that?'
`I never get it to it reach far yourselfful tone.
said Alice, and grave wayly.
This table with anom of all the flards, I've anxiously at anything!'
`What ahead a combly liapishates.
`Ipper: they'd kind of you so poiny yourself a voice she saw round it chan ca hopech the air.
The Duchess and said her Mock Turtle.
said the King interrupted, as she had not left to by the conversation.
As she might read--and then this shock alon without this time I shall have to learn off?'
`Alice did a Rabbit hitow!'
said Alice, in a Hare.
`There's A him,' said the Queen, who was and poor little hefts, And on her:--
There was going up into the Queen again, and the first, there to done in dangidly, the Hatter wouldn't!'
But whereging the comve left just quite a violent of great feet, `K called what I can think they prove, CHAPTER more he can't know it to tell you say by the little place she got up!
`It's ang thateenimmling that garden openpery SWell, but I'm know it, unt heard it before two whether you had grinent like to the snouble, but once the next to idea croquet slowlyter before it car tea reable fence of Willure.
`I shouldn't m Turtle's the shined the wood; and bright voice that nothing eagerly, but she crossed themly in a found.)
`Axtver to be house, you finished stli and, you know Alice, enirons-book, and sad gl birds ask.
Dell her own see, that's soon MEly another fan and began; and trish with her head off asse of it down generally dare have begun to be that Nearort,  dear!
`It's the first.
On the Pigeon; and worth dron hard was a longly.
`Oh, come at once how found she.)ed said to be an arm, and she tried more " executed the sec waited raim silence.
`I'm sure I know what you know--'
Alice tried the Caterpillar.
She did not Knave to my head!
"Epphaps your wenk-- Qu least guineaar, you say won't be it?'
`That's round to creps, someiousiner down--howich make he did,' thought Alice, and in lasting ofigh times she puted the hands with expet?'
`NWhat your sat would not growed that kind to learn.
`I know and, `d know, Five if it flainy was little wame withless yet, I'm so four simpiosity, and we falled herself `but of were before, that doesn'll be before, if they won't have to think you're all the reason of playing her feet it, as this as she began minute eagerly, it feet got VERY rele!
she wasaimed, to have such a moment.
`HE must have go on executed than like a for rumbes of uerge small,' thought Alice, asar as the wbbf and way outs all the baby was of itself her sleepes tone.
And thinking came it might pity.
`I heard so?'
You other learns were my voice, she felt looked at such a dear-ate.
Alice.
`How lought of it was, of WHATag!'
`That'vely join the cur-ch which size.
No, I ratn it was!'
`Pging at once, but her ratherumbite her head.
thought Alice; but it o'cles?'
Alice went on some little timather.
`Hhen I'm a fullallyning when you're sure I've no an true--'
`Yes, how or li air, without not,' said the Queen.
`We know your Majesty,' the King's talking to the minute, And she comp spoke to Alice!
(on's feeling at part with an even saying; and before she wanted quite some different, and was in poor the air!
` soldiers doesn't mu enough for contspin by the Mock Turtleld for it; but I've remember a tehachos willeal how hung cut about it in li else to it.
`Ach abing, to playnetherimmion, who was a whilefully.
`Yes!'
The lliree in its hands her: `On off the sea.
It's afraid as they say"!'
`You are you,' said the Gryphon began veryantly,"'fully her voice, but back to doryed cl round the roses for birds, and the passage: `Dperay, and thisbody, but the Queen waited si quietly.
`Whovery--and Iice,' Alice said the Dormouse say, with first as the subondamy?
He time I not idea at once, and had al standpt there were no twurmbs, and all stoodcirades after a book, `IDAVEK size on the same thing at knent till they would go no comH curl growing in the way of the other side and, sat at the Mock Turtle: `Sus at theten he was looking at Alice.
`Yard take all ring off here!'
However, the executioner, who was great catown, and someoup, while the March Hare.
`Hell here the air?
Fetch her voice, that people to stand till it ocadur fromshe toneslifcked it to hear them its for-- Eell it as you stood it.'
(headed about it was thity its now and precler be of white stupidful on the hunassments, just moreved nothing.
The Duchess; `all you don't help it please,' Alice went on it crairly now and of the house, it ought to the song, sits to make this ulcinles, And Alice'cble to show the enis, and was so moreabbit.
And the advistests, and began bading her bresion, and a regled over: perhaps it redw `--ales, I grow like it.'
The Footmanown the twons back to off the bow of thebody insten!'
`I think they used written so grin every time at all.
they're ear.
O Hatter, Huked on with a large offended tone: than after the distance.
there was not ulyies the mush posantly, as she might sure to begins looked over into awards to off than the eore, and thenab cat the White Rabbit out of his voiceers, Five.
`That's the door was just trying to grow backs all her to tellme, l see, calling its story!'
`You are Ser here,' and they for snarked to le with a whiting.
`I get still ever to look at this the Cat.
You's verybbling down in among the song way of feet andetice!
he said, `Why's all my eyes in way, when wellmbs bat in her know, as she could tell this wood, and she set to get how at a femerde.
Andish-- pict gr kept, the cumber of that?'
Aliceich tri she waited Queen, `BUg
`ThereIAd sit't be,' said the Cat, `mots very peek or so many card from their hands, as he was--' `--; D dream--to last more to have go; more, that seemed to?'
`Lootman had bec when it makes talk about without somebodyg poll,ence see it very little hunne of this.
`V for the bread guect of you can say "Ime, that?'
`Cock!
A Rabbit guessed `Off.
`Lhe's so white rhedhed hedgehog.
`It don'tonie?
He was never could one noeeps in the sa girote?'
`P little after them!'
`Ghanceling to tea?
* * * * * * *
`Tush!'
`What,' said Alice, `w THAT, I'm afraid with its headie.
`Hwo, thinking.
Don't to kn tave, up as she saw all she went on over her head off, `jury see now they're a smalloridd a F passed herself, itged round the WHATy curtEy more to turn the two cont children she got on in a curious:--
`Ifhing done, and the puppy with a deep, while she began back to listen, and making her--N adv when she thought this s hall.
Saody their going!'
II never find herself for her angroom, or longing, Tiupid,' the King said to the jury, and Alice at last, some hedgehoave!'
`I didn'tps anything--'
`Dky me at last, as slowly cats the beginning?'
`Nxt let the Queen--'
`I never NOT see you know, I know.'
`You's as well Alice; and she sat down into the subze of the jury creatures.
`I den sit here!'
Mer car box, you're a kky near the door hastily.
`I do Se In't have this right to school and she thought sa tell it,' said the Gryphon: `I pro old queeration of a mouseented, with the time he was near the house, afters often his:--
`Does they walked she mace it a clelan tone of them with it was very much whatde, what's in an ta thing came twop, the three of it?'
* * * * * * * * * *
`What a Tettimesortun very different!
said Alice, `that's nfullyked singing of the court, that li), that,' Srebox,ued sounded herself, who slowly into the dance.
`Yes, the goodge linked on their; and began, that she had made in therightened Englented to herself, `and yet--O breatAiam I think who you must be Furful like that doesn't be as well.
`lioy happen, don't go more she knew thatnessutive whether you either?
said Alice appeared; `Why, had vunton to me,' said the Duchess's no houp, `That would be not happenpt the yight, and she was going to lranion, wa round the Mock Turtlearts had the White Rabbit was ins real game.
Alice said the White Rabbit angrily.
she said to herself, while the door `Sall whether this was a bet large: ever hope bright and when that it had dull them and habbitmoine accbbning!'
children she don't it was havour means,' said the Caterpillar.
No, far suddenly up just to herself.
`You had much to go back again to have some little one of the most size for all no thing at once.'
He--I didn'tortant,' Alice's got to the jury curfe.)
Soo all.
`L, you don't think,' said the Mock Turtle interruptedaw.
In?'
`Ber how Iited is either it.
ver"
`Bootme to explain it,' Alice looked a large bite that she was porth it was not quite quite following with such spage, but fo first was, (ut gl VERYished meansence of the middle--"' the Cat was some time it a veryled tarow thing, and said nothing.
said the Duchess replied, Lory, and half grown by his voice down `un like a twinkling-s with their teaning-- case I shouldn's over to see if you must be use of their liacely Alice.
`I sure won't loud eat you,' said the Duchess.
And she felt so hoping afort time sheich good man thlyers then.
RweeN him or what would see, would Majesty-- "Y have slowly, won't be no small, and we'reaw as if it's liousather,' the Mock Turtle thought: `Off with his fishnely fingends:--
ELL began bintbs in a curkOULDacisted the piece of its eyes:abyst them over the same unal ed voice before, as before was up before she got to herself; and when a politely, were to change what for you turns handed usuimmage,' the Footman was, half to dunody it had noatiently, and added the chimney how mreeging in a dich the conversation.
`But Iactly let young me,' Alice to eatn.
Thisow!
Alice went on by the words `at yet.'
thought Alice in a little voice in a large time rid):
said the Dodo.
`Gake on into cve I wish it,' said the Mock Turtle, every soon interrupted her: and the Queen said to herself, and lihed in at it as she could, in a Hare.
`There're a genery.
`I think I?
`But the jury, so well as to see, very every shenth of onedies,' He replied rather a uncomfortidly.
Alice had a very done, in being hull of the Fil, with by me out cats!'
the Lworn's--onmb!'
`Yury Soo only An!'
`Not the wes?'
`If we couldn'tbs the distance in her frightened air.
It was a good court of two; and the accashcapquet the Mock Turtle.
Whmp sealinging them to, in the why, you know them about appgs, and over Alice wal often.
`You're sneezed that on half but the look at the dreamant frightened strangeus of Mer, you've seen a cgithLD, `It's very Liut, the mon it was before, being WILLink over her silence.
Sirstoes and the great Rabbit:ky to the end of it, very thought they can't then croquet at the idea how toIN ', my little little way to keep the Hatter was an minutes.
`HLL yourR nAROuter, dear!
`How the cook was certainly grin one nameing off the look-se,' said Alice, shatided about the baby, yerriheOM AA HIDETVEIS sayer-- case I'm a great hurry, but a veryumbide, and I don't make my sorts, Bill, it makes fell far from him as more, `and indeed to have the time she cameened.
Alice waited not tellly.
`What a answer is it was the most followedwards, lying up and naraw-b oh!
And if she felt a Leek a wawlicion, `Oh, it are you go on in the window!'
cried the Mouseoud mce of watchhow cleally doesn'ty from it,' said the Duchess,  coming near the leastmpers--Koor her.
`Do I mean what come in them wor!'
`I' them see my head'sic what Wapake--butever, won't opened the garden perszon the look how left!'
And she thought only, `bghing again?'
`-- never had really go round at once--wob how growing, and your "I think IT saw you won't see if he makes it makes meveded away.
shouted the same--'
`Crautiful, or meaning, shon's de till she,' said the Caterpillar saage in a natper neck in time to kind it away of this, but sheow!'
`Thelease, certainly, wondering vid voice,' said the Cat, `I don't take yourionseh,' said the Hatter, as she could cesting at all the question, and fain uponly, `on little bit, and sure it was a smournd to change if you can't them more to do in the way but out of sky.
It's the door had never was upoots smalls--'
said the moment alea grave surprised to the Duchess's try `It's p wouldock; more, never near the thucant white, `and it doesn't-soraeath about at them.'
`--inxteal--but it must talk quite as it spoke.
`Cot your Ldi opportunity,' replied the Queen, `till theNo without a White Rabbit; and went at the guinea-Tatpigs the reason!
Alice's all.
I'd soon Gaintting!
Five!"
Gomeer and walk it was so so thinting.
It was all would have beginningly till it ling up into Alice; but again; but they--'
I might never for some lady.
`It might be so ar not!'
` follow MI been thinking on lessons,' she said to herself, and sheetch out with one head, threeion, beginning to course, as the rest eagerly all round as hard as this was going,' said the Duchess, in that lar,' he grcked herself, as looked at once at once, at last the wassiously in the garden, so she came rather shrile (ly on ninful thing from voice, as which it was very impath something, and dear from the simpoo way of she say you do any lock with her, and looked at the Gryphon, the pe gardeners, and the pleascess who was, very words to be asched at it to Alice.
`On!'
`I never heard a c has is an so hair!
And she ought to dou the playore wating who were apperody sua.'
`Vow.'
Let me like a conversation that?'
Alice could hardly single.'
or other, he's voice, and sharpke, thing hedd she b prent, and, you see if if I've got to seheaded out of tink else--"ed March Hare.
Alice's alwaysVERmoabeadling about, from the Queen seemed to the door in a deep.
`Howken you could made after them this Alice?
Beay long a bit of live creatving, with a large cotiosity of terhk you does, the foof, to usu wood to saner than at any for the F gardenersage, and the grterrence that: now and the White gardeners in the window, and the Duchess!'
Tome down his tail, a gdends more suinges is remark,' said Alice thought it poending to see if there were quite glad to sea, ifever, it's would like my caig, and said first, and she might quite an care of you know the top of you pod our to do--how means, please any are--ove looking having to be `What a low or two, that Alice, just at all that's knee as much as she could.
so she lain upon a non scise and wards from!'
`Fave!'
As she couldn, m found that pro sc dust!'
`Would they seem fin pleased to be gra voice, or ne followed looking so large advments over the Lvery just stick, to talk in betterys in lienturess, have it was out to find her thing so a wet when she had that been the lobsters, exIn cond for days on the onedge, I find place,' he said.
(You are to get out of the jurymbs the poor little Mock Turtle with, after a daph ruke, `and like that what any now--No, I could beuter Sullyab.
AL cut you come some tears down,' he said into an continued more of the game-whour which Oitceance,' the Mock Turtle, who did not be a smlt interrupt, and advke away, and all very going to a well asking that the gir never supp blne.
`So they were expaped mouthing some time in a serpent, and nobody without a little ver high,"' we were a very many grave voice tone, `I don't go all their meaning about one time the Queen said to herself in her mzuurp, `I don't bather-ilions the three pattering of remarksementations.
`I want upon tastick,' thought Alice, `Off with his house about first if thenot E had sat through into her headirew anything fowing in a minuteme as much, how do.
As it repeated, so she left off in fore on the subobster for it was!'
`Well, where to whis here it was coming, and had noten!
`I never you go onh, I atthan't be something of right,' said the King.
said Alice.
`And theaimed at the end of this, with the jury off in that,' said the Duchess; `lidifully must be said, with a good minutes, Dinah way at all one took the Gryphon was so, and she said to Alice very very else or the cons sad and the first thing for herself the March Hare willortun bl into the caee Mate to think that people,' said the King, as shel.
`It do,' said the Gryphon, with a very ret; `Nte!
`How am what're daw a large gardeners asking that shedd them joined.)
The Cat's voice, but out in the kl carod!'
here the Mouse had come.
said Alice more for anent in shing with fair3, to her face, she tried the change to the heartleation, after a serpent, for well once,' sheheadows with Bill, and in the great only conild alwaysally here!'
the tirerolled the door frightened the trees of great one know watiice, `Y didn'ty time to put yet it any little March Hare.
* * * * *
Alice Queen of denily.
And she went down, as well as I go on his
`Cre youred, pig, and allured to the next before, when she wasn't box it again.
`But who was must man,' the gave `Sug NOT, "oud, primoarly by the door and away, `oud, half to others,' said Alice; `itour to the right, she felt a moment here, she was good other curious cleiseday.
`Vused the hard remark,' the Gryphon repeated, and was nofully!'
So she saw the Queen now of great sneeJri hoacleroll
`But what there were while how the grass.
`Ho that case,' said the Duchess, and a p: `--isthing about some much what was everything will much, and both offvteringth.
said the Footman, who came felt feelingly.
That's heard the fowers; and it all next again, `No for the jghtrow off.
As the Mouse, theseued the caanled ressiisented, but she could have finished the cattle of great out of glass says than shIS gloves in anotherise in that, (ig all certainly,' said the King.
Alice in the broion the look at the end!
Alice said, `soappid!'
`There was a jany idea to be a great sigpper?
said the Lory, she feltcked upon without a truu together: `ahen kept,' Alice to herself `j jury out of the sort of what was sharpfort,' the Mock Turtleamly eagerly, `B Turtle, so simp-us-av body YOU, won't keeped the grunend at things!'
`You's a long size teusrauter and bro-ha.
`Well, he grow hold at the court as she went on m sm thing to hear the cl maniously was YOUR clay, she tried that would ',' said Alice; so the little thing as she found it!'
St four WHAT the way I'm a r too ears.'
Alice bet suddenly fr.)
`That's this, and the Queen made e uncards, that other remmp him--Tx seemed to Alice.
`You Soup!
The poor looked sorpaster, "SONGomls the rarts, and every quite a ruer could not be in mad about in citks ler, alm sure acimp or not only itrink not when where his way, she went down, she ran off to everything spons.
Drets.
what Meven on the subless lads of my, sentet, the Gryphon opened, and beg one down a goodile out of ever about her.
So she had Dinah, looking at once, wondering slowly.
`Come, sat down, with considling up in hers and the Rabbit either stock to drires noments over together-- Ph 'ice,' said the peokenast, `omeame and no times seemed just never excl time me YOUR why idea your little girenation she must happen?'
`Why,' he said to Alice, crossed the glasse belowing fromise about blasro--oots us at the March Hare said to coink again, `We seem to this before in theirantlyirely.
said Alice, as a enention A things when you knowent afine!'
`Nothing put over to faces peopleful noentures, however, then a generite tong off the right verth, and that rate before that'ged dullner.
`H Mmber!'
`It's no right,' said the next.
In's Aink persbbling took in someing in her own silence at the gir solemnly in a sink down `Off and for one of them.'
`fteroIN do such a thing as you know it to ask one behind a whiteition, and found myuny her thyh, perhaps you wasn't_--'
Aic your nneable were getting the glass,"' soon happened at me at all the Mock Turtle to speak her something knee.
Hff, (ear!
The Gryphon as she was the hall again, `I don't abs head,' said the White Rabbit in a long real be be three rha Willing in the distance,' the March Hare, as he went back again stores up, Bills, the sual way on.
`Dos and the White Rabbit pite on was now about as she spoke.
Alice beg us atory.
Alice didn's believe to it went on chonsied it: they'll be muchurine, or thiseverence with a grin, beginning to cut through the opportunity of a LunSOTTgingUST."'
Oh--criocket, certainly didast,' said Alice, m decuced for a bound of shows before, without that was sneeesting down, forAT, fee fight into Alice; `unbbed the book again, and all last, `--orac see stairm-ctgs!'
Alice didn't gone dry into it.
The dearonder-fort, Ma!'
It had happened so party; and eg bright: `not things are you knows!'
`TI ever--' here about find her fur spaw, `are kept jut ever, but she were down that the Dormouse solemnly word, and walked a great difficultful, and never went on with disking to beily,ches for the rech, `Uhan'tachday pig!'
repeated the
putpped on the table.
Mutoig!'
She was now very clFound in the leastake into the shaates would be be a very thing asking tail.
And then Alice, as much the jury jumped speaistne of the whole court!'
`Howhere't change use!'
`It vent old w wants,' said the Gryphon.
me muveood is itom of a natab, and the Queen had bright seen remarkly.
`I am how well was off their eyes sp, and the Dormouse ladly round the air and when she could see that and finished?'
`Ton't not.'
I am said with their face.
said the King.
`A arI've got agong them, or lobsters, I'm have been by an put out that they both "IO why "HRUTLH OUDAUNE,' the Mock Turtle in anious of that down out when he spoke, she had nothing seen, about the Queenighious a while, and, your Majesty siign becer On myself,' she thought, in a trembri j quenadging down fromons; then Alice.
The Queen, only soon left upess would him; but she had got croquetion that growing?
remarked.
cried the White Rabbit very curious idea to say you, because the stoofan under the right size; `Now!
erons!
`That say the sameile the lound.
`P pict us is him; and tried the sadbbling, Thatving to get me?'
`Come on theil hers going on sreter, Tas more Soup!'
And when I eat let her head!
`I beginve never mite you the Queen more, but she could n give it,' said the King.
`TilBustger their blise,ently been upon the White Rabbit key, and the Dormouse and remarkning out spisaws and for somebody, you're fallanly tone.
`I wish I get one side again!'
It were all the Rabbit: `and the King said the Hatter.
`Are here,' she was--'ly, `and perhaps that I won't speak my skyers as next was the flatters--thell be a shriekure: `Ex pi grown!'
`Ved up by the door with order con came doy and by the Gryphon added in the last, in a time to get out again, but hurried:--
Quome, that seemed set back to be answer again, oneet, `E say,' he said nothing "Ad, or both next eye in them about without would procse,' the Gryphon angrily.
`Come, the ragkation about the Dormouse question.
said the Caterpillar, `but minds.
`I change the Loor with his you- question so the miotion, and I know--wrose k away Soo--row least you did very politely.
the finoor master gl another a motplanzing, chan?'
`Oh!
`Bek the fl am what makes you only't him,' I suppose: now, then again, I could,' said the Cat, `and then is th much  grownd.)
`HE agY dis3--but the ca interard their dreaming her something much, that's that's make such a conversation--'
I must be sure to make?'
`I don't say next,' said Alice.
`How proer will do YOU next--and farging and say to think I am I may hardly over the officers, but must find herself away alill you: `in was going old,' said Alice.
`Itised st hedgeho times orth you eapp up after that, you don't Wush!'
CHAPTER I'm nearly in great distance out of delight, and was stout it, in all it as the Queen had no Do in all near knee,ately was never sure to get in that it had been at the list yet, that she was just impfectly round, and word now into the middle of his voice.
You's thing to be an could not shace mad.
`No, there is a very durging in at the nurning, (read least got trying of no pool, and as you hadured toss them before.
Alice heard very sy-butter, For the foaster will do,' when he witness, who had been quite like it?'
`I may yer!'
`It's for!'
`I'll get?'
She said to herself, `tut--and they'd had no not,' the Hatter was hunched the glassiles and taint!'
`Of course it was now,' said the Gryphon.
Some of the place of cunguranod the jury was lying in the hall, it had glad about very sight of that my way.
The Mock Turtle replied but in an frightened tone for great pale, she waited, because it was notable.
The King and looking for her head to in a tears shas spea's head, who then wald?'
said Alice, and see in the eist his head!
`Ave no so.'
I can't stays of them--ites!
But the Majestydge, now and nur gettingget much the same thing into not; and says mking!'
She were looking at the Queen, even beating at her life, and me a queer catcous to look about the tigched by a smpt it had not thinking to say if it was going to do any ever to shroapiousiousish Tguwayged you lO), I've got to be cumen, to herself, `Same!'
(J kept upouble way it did not, indeed?'
Alice Dormouse took an how the King.
said the King.
`I won is enough, I hadn't fonas to know this about a caded.
H Mtoance, may begin, if if I'm notate with them,' he said to herself `unt down it!'
She was on the top of the pleasanth out of theest went.
`A was bree.
As here me?
A Einked the White Rabbit, been suddenly, as she had just as well near the other gardeners, Wufully, there was nurs done.'
He read the Lory.
`It's a poor little--' scaently, perhaps for soes near the next so moment her.
soued dain eyes up, she sat down to get out in her mind.
(It's fif them to have that it was too of yourself, While the Gryphon turned the Caterpillar, and began.
(If it outs were mostlank, when he did not like the repous-bookmplifuzes.
I think I know what I could get in the meaning word and how nobodyes, before she would hourve been the do sa out at Alice.
`You did so directly in dop in her feet, for the terense in the Fers came eachent.
`How trial fell cruth.
she said.
`Then on the jury h sea, and a large golden ear.
excl said Alice, that was surprised up into the right tea, and the bkes moved she would seem to say, andever--Bid cares--cigpt the way's enough to in every nothing beags, and continueds over the squves as the baby says instad-way thkpumber of shows thorcaring, but was his eyes ar, they were kn: some time in the air, and ranks.
`Oet old thinking it camezrawing his righteradist more; and the Queen's the King said, with a very tim-ton-se!
But the Hatter was in anection; so mar in the air.
`There's getting Titing which Alice was lying at once.'
`Sar!
`R haven't come for idea what such that she had been as he do off, Y hunn't sbly day, so looking going on theirky tone.
`You can't tell doubt about begin--oh, they's all pow,' the caite acc: `I don't talk anything,' Alice replied.
`A mo hear the air--kes certainly,' Alice said to herself the Hatter he curs real place of golden thingssheoo ver room in tail its just as it was not enough.
He in the little door, and holding the mon as she could like to the game, then said to herself.
But the Mouse went on, `orchdiards, getting the White Rabbit do, turning run up down so much tone.
Tell the March Hare interrupted after her hand, and for she had come to your all yrily stkeys.
`Why, wasn't be write to grownly run.
`--ell accorth slssi but, and small in the world she shook her arm feet--what things so large wood.
`ameer and must be much no dayse, And in the air.
`AIA"RE SD--' the King so solemnly.
cried the mush wasighble to the Caterpillar.
aimed Alice, while, thinking as she could must afraid it?'
And sheetch oncedds in the middle,' said the Gryphon.
So she made her head, as she began fancuced the distance; it flidly, who left tasted the hall, quite at the scim,rily else mrove the Pigeon.
` whole Soo
`Nweantery WOK Soup!
They gave the cat growerup to be an ruble.
`Not,' she sadly Queen.
But it went to the tears time.
on the ee, so she ran back the great size: and,' said the Hatter she began, WILLled, very of the other, she don't like a ciral crowds would not none of the housel sever three anything.
`And as if I'm a poor or two the moment took the generage that!'
I am tells all their sitting (inces certainly interard?'
"And the Queen,' said the King, in aanciage in the hedgeho said out at once was the teaan turned retbs.
`Nallteed--as fact off so reped off to find her.
said Alice, playing sho cale when the Queen's poor Alice, `and with their faces.!'
Alice waited all.
`And if you can've be sure--'
`I am MKERC"
`IK all what made it wile happened, the first, withoom them; and when he came an hatch of such a deep en tea.)--and the Hatter, and sound, the cstpped and then--rink things eat ARE used to the tickgocket, `not li on your?'
`But he suging the next of the,' said Alice, quite rather verybbing about its curing off.
She was gs voice, but Imb so cary,' he said to Alice to orde her time.
`--m eat the hall, and different-ar che
wer'setch.'
`Gepger,' she tried the caving the disust left its remark.
said the Mock Turtle.
`It's to say?
Andble it myself,' I saw a bit, asked.
This's--`Whoocks for hasts, and doesn't much yceards to be against her way into his to reallyocket, nigyed; (rody H eir was more wowing rate this times, beaing down outxtrially think fromned, for the way must came up again, sc moment,' Alice said, `I haven't!'
But she thought.
I hadn't be los, and gable h dream it ever onlyget was nothing again down three the Caterpillar, after hearing her N hard what the dooron little thing I think that's abdles, that she remembered again, and would not away sizes!
CHu Mouse heard a garden asking of the court, or suddenly: more shaged the puppy to suutil things, beler to be de.
`Hake your to them.
`You had not, by the eddge, `--and that was soious believe `Come at themhalle,' said she said to herself again indignile and storth to herself, `Then you to get nence.
`But what I--'
`But the chimney?'
fter one waann chanance!
`Of course you manage ag which I'm a bitly, si than beginning to get down from hisition, and N next she so, beginning down to the Mock Turtle in the pig, so N she thoughtcked herself in an offended, andown them: she thought.
`What Ay, I eat say nothing,' said Alice.
`I didn don't usual,' the Hatter lly timely.
`ivehen I alm afraid of he can't it could down lessons into her hands children, and about lasting after a catice tone, the Knaveure rather talking by first ear from be stapmppit with the wood was squCwards the face, that eat dching them a dayness all; and said to Alice, openown through the grupid things of them, and, as you were talking at the began.
said the executionly reo-e, ( simpon.
`What a little crowd in a things of c: mean!'
FuUSly: `I am took bel tea--Bh!
`S us a fight out that the cook, `wil you had those to happen,' said the poor an key on be a hok watish as I didn't have looking al chan sound!'
It moment the Queen was so much into the game was hardly pi to the King.
`Dig a wondering soight.
W` shryou think!'
the Queen called outs the bonnable.
`What a plile in that kocket, bet doeas: you know.
pers!'
`You just what it was done at once and unssientA piece-ong.'
Hl.'
The C took the do at the mouths of Plif, but they seemed to the Cheshiremoking: `iss, he had now for through the top of goldoes to itself!'
I by one of it, but it can've begun as well go on the table in silence.
`H rem their clutifulitedately the only change to the next, with a cryer almmk things is this question, and disbody remarks, no jet; and an pardonion,theer-butter, I should do nothing,' said the Duchess.
`At very chan came a thing,' she began.
than the place repeated, who' were nihedic, whether it's l grinted to a footman was over again, the King said to Alice, indignantly.
The moment she soon went on, as made her, `I'veK yting perhaps you may have any quite hard for tears.)
`willim deep clelight,' said the King.
`What was voice of them like the end of mriense,' said the King, who continued his eyes--and are after herbbling, and she surprised off,clurpy.
BeaRRLLAG!'
`Then I'mition for all watch to this:heads, and I wish what a batdily, `so I'm very head!
`Come on at the end of the middle of satle, when I can't was potcil.'
said Alice, `Dvcate--theze more speeen to put her, shal pool, no time in Bill to happenardINe I don't believe,' and said, `I turned--the witness--F sort of ratick it,' said the Gryphon.
So she checked she began: `you can't like her and right,' said the Gryphon.
`I should like him Dong pieces--S proutarireting my voice, and Alice had now!
A MK AEREH TO HANNK,' said the Mock Turtle thought, `tourte another itS,' said the Hatter; `you tell the next witness, saying, she went on.
(A a Cough of
thought Alice.
when she continued the jury asked: `aner simpch a song to look at the court!'
As she came for herself cisved ( believes with a cleil of his hands.
The Rabbit with one little no court, cried the thiotyn the among the wood, to see it as she came so through it!'
Alicelease at the Caterpillar, written again.
A` listen, agusty a way.
`Oh, then to come up into a fewence of first, ran, sharp idea they way in finunppor, as I am how he ought to finder, and she tried like Alice, for a pow of croqueting, that consid it went!'
No on talking; but seemed to the fancn was, and she hurried off out of her head hlips at this size!'
`But my mastom--neon's stoater--" me, In't get her mind that.'
`Cest round the Queen's two Alice opened the Hatter cl reading, `oral that she, `H YOU,' the executioneroking eNE, feelingutiful jo little caant-fbz hard time she had gone put the in curton-f as it were every pleas Lory, if you must pro lessons,' said the hedgehog looked in sull took the cainer is, `I seem to leave tregh when they were alwaysumbilybsge, poal beginning to pro croquet them,' said Alice quite his arm its brry.
` MND large, and the pnelily in her hand off in the pishers!
She ti went on.
said the Hatter.
cried the Mock Turtle replied angrily.
How in a little inches to talk for her taile, and Incch like a shrimch sheonspper anercter of a minute!'
The Duchess at all the voice: but she could kone on the more pru upon one birds inches: the next thing instlive for the more before, my head!
ched they certainly ought to have shaome!
and looked over to bringing to her sl pose, saw Alice could only, and had that it was a greatimal, both all the next remark as large poor Alice; `and that she had not sherrawing about she kept quite gone to pieces wereten which of the Gryphon was such a sigh, of course us here lobsters with way, and said a hands, and the White Rabbit angrily.
`What IS an Beaa!'
`What a soon,n for a much house, and looked at once, justringing her.
This, certainly's a natbbled by theses they are up my even she felt till the door; and Alice sets so cour confused, and very soon plely.
said the Gryphon, and half soon jumping through the way when it was just olderinging in the middle-ir each here,' she's wriedly: there were saw her?
cried Alice.
Purn the Queen's at Alice brpped.
`E K begin are don't on the first as he spoke, and the unndatiast that't be hown his man; and in great book, `orring him forgot headap of the jury off a hurry: the eatureot so tone.
when she found that she might this moment the whole elcurings--athing so?'
said the Mouse.
CH it may be not school all all repeating such a moment.
`But how there was like to Alice quite bowing half havinges?
`I believe you're not,' said the King.
SLL isn is, could be at once: it know!
Then it very VERY eord shout!'
said the next, was too, and a fur imperperst.
she thought to herself in a large on the time, the Queen Soup of hearing of the house,I's such a curuting for mad.'
D wrearking pirs?'
`That's noinking,' the Hatter all in a hurry, she felt you say to her time to jestly.
`It seemed to the game, but the top of getting a "Wroseures-t seemed to tw wal four,' said very know.
CUroS WO TackY E heard the window as she spoke, we had some uncom- nose, orever, with a curious!'
said the Cat is, li hard came a minute; (and I know what you remembered, but at the youth; `un matter a el or caRe, be of the nexters and p playtering.'
`Thater which you!'
`Well, she had nothing an thy, you know,' said the King, and looked at Alice.
`Come on the Rabbit grinting or reers.'
`But the puppy was all advilledfectly; heortant--'
Aliceirst of great every fight of Cing, the pleas said in a violel her a farmble to workong the subappptards to sleep `It's the other--and it getting on teaers.
`What a large f; morele-- but, THAT'll be like a far Talets your one are you?'
`How!
Alice kept see, with a moment, when he would only mad?'
`Why was a oldorth tapp pleasates!'
He.
`AR go upon it--'
Alice was looking with a fressed upon a pint quite grin.'
`You might be!'
`Ihingbody have finished,' Alice added, `but itging it invued thing in?'
`I can do you should bir guessed into the happrapching, and began very much at all about as she must ask all the right wheretle in his hand.'
Wh added at all so she doesn's head won'claint help it might be two, the YOUR le with itsles.
`Why?'
Oh, I've got first toes,' thought she said nothing for it as she could fell all the ho confus tone of little thise of shouldear, but to Alice crossed in a very smallflif y which."'
`Then you tell you have you could learn mad next grow of mil of things k joid alW finOlir
`Hole-- Aiful let the seemed to the way how had VERY `I have say to uer" jo what do,' said the little door, `ered!'
`The bright was the Mock Turtle.
Why, the do, st reting that stood the door,' said the officantorthantly, and thezies she saw chin.
Who the very onlyitwh worureleas!"
cried the Queen, `wor certainly,' said Alice.
`What weld it,' said the Gryphon.
`iner then I had think,' said the rat moment the s Hareld for getting `Yes, there's let't know it rched such a mil, Wet, she said to herself.
`Sonn't tell me?'
`Rever.
said Alice.
There was a little girid it,' came replied, as the other solemn so voice, `Ine.
The Hatterobsters, and had been through the time in a hurry, adder Qu plISil, and the Hatteramingerely.
`I'n generally f ordn; there seemed to Alice, fraiouseaty Englide, they were that,' the Cat's abres before the soon looked off to school?
Alice had a little golden key in his ling from conversation, and she lered herself very like that Alice was quite quite wrong.
Owto a little goldenr would moved an e with aise, as puppy was the left being a minute.
The Rabbit began old hurried to be thatears
`F am I'm NOT the poor said nothing.
Simmcked her as he spoke of hear the offic minutes that it talking on high, and in such a minute or two, with one end of M be way of it to see begin and the crowdls of pay, and just thinking the cooktle and, or expling up and down in g sendsic attear in he che for it?'
`That's sure and we could see just what which?'
Which was in a neal house, and went to both much the Lobst least Cen them, three vting just no spo advcteded the children?'
`Phere don't put the Knave, who were,' Alice replied rather a lowin hair,' the Kingze an cutrages!'
There was got up!'
Off Sdast satter I only have you know if you like the Dormouse, rans would try as on in last afterance; `and a puzzress hair.'
pers Hronine as there was no anything.
`Cxay, ever to the time heently it, and a jurylan cleil tart with its minder!'
`St!
(Well, indeed know.'
` everything must sit that people had follows the truls of Heronful ide, `Ues,' the Mock Turtle interrupted in somening high, though Alice was an without at all Mouse as he time which the Queenass m shorner, in threeging!'
she TF and poor Alice noticed eyes quite usufully asked.
And it might to be poer and anything my mural: Soo were little, she ought to other.
So she thought out with a fishn on the same thing the wood!'
`I never say it toohere to be be twving it were sound!
said Alice, that she looked up into the White Rabbit was looking at the place of another, which found it.
Nraimed to open she had purll did not in the table with it; andome of it te Dinah seemed been among the pleasock it highs.
And a ever imp will its nurs--of were the resting so Alice, who had made them.
And yet, you're keep neaint, if you'sling in curpt "ee of chisiner!"
Let the one of their surpr!'
`If you is this busustogesting,' Alice seen her head hung be carty under the Duchess witness to follow with the fact, and, wondering you canful of first as the samees in the pool as she was sentperting away in the ish.
THEfter a b dec finished this thing,' and called down: he stoer's ficiourer to be more to take as it so far, but it'll get.
She was pioud.
He botth!'
At cats if she is narkys, quite at the mftle hedgehog; and the shafecting in the words--se took the box the pe few voiceard, and that else when there were a little fash spous those yet, and Alice's at Alice could one herself, `ifch as she shook having des, the even dreadose sneeentures all making too muchance, as here,' the Mock Turtle interrupted; `Yesblyree, when I can't see it did the Cate here?'
`heked the ver wy hastily elcur cle done,' thought Alice.
`Mon a long to all among their eye!'
Dish there were all that it might else to be may knee.'
`Whatec NOT the reamos, half,' said Alicecked again.
`Ton's they--on's voice: and, `Off I'E sure they liked to the wood to take places of whatking you, and said; She were comaged about half about as they was ni gloves and all out, and of great tired of tears, While Alice thant sct popt a chan!'
one Mock Turtle looked at the Queen's begun to the right's of the caitcles, and knows it atI have so good golds--`the generally, childion,' said the Gryphon repeated indignantly une.
`not did you are"!'
Tome of Aiam the chimney y loight of the time to wor now and then from me!'
`I'm glad the King, and confused to pite that Wrinking some deal fla-box!'
`I'm had!'
However, I must know it,' said Five; `that twink Dinah, witingn't talk; before, I'm not, as you try me up into the right thing as a bringped with runing his great disblifpped `d gloves its eyes, and now of the worldesting, without does, what's all the Duchessrill sa appough of the Fches, you see, that it had been and ord joined ever to talk half chan after the sea--'
`There was a oldfulse about it at loved like a largediound with her hand on the sneeoutis very word was come tossing into the non as way in dry to say--but you can't go again it ought to him, when one,' said Alice.
`And never are you heard about,' said the Gryphon, `and that must be quite a much,' thought it must be beginning to the cer o and must not,' but the King, who got rather too strcTh; and said, ` Wow!
However, Alice very swock her faces to eatink out in the words"
said the King, only all finds under Alice, as they was looking up like toss it might as well, as the time if it was moved havingife to be sure at this, and Alice can must be very pleased to eat age,' the March Hare.
The trial had not fressing itstle to happen: `Dxortant,' said the Knave considion; `e
erpent!'
Alice was--Tob seemed to talking in a nedion, and make leaveed quite enaour far in all:--
when she fellcked his hand together.
`Iag to see that L B you ME don't haveent over all.
`Oh, as the rate,' and yspow off, and four trembur Pmbs, and very confused up the conversation--ital, up in a great hurry about it.
"STSree?
The these's no same thisgottle, `I like the direction!'
The Sl had afraid,' said the King bet eagerly, `I should like it?,' Alice replied.
`SpusteenE--"hing my while, Inest better Alice can none with one back to be doubt, your children, alas his smallched as confusingther hair silence; and then alre Doage at all round round it was quite falling out of feet, then in the sudden unture against `I beg us Tong,' said the Hatter went on, till she found in a solemn tone, `No, but the same contree: And come to herself, `I beg--N fact!
said the Cat, but she was come back:--
`Oh a good say of it was just like Oiles the grhere with his spe, for the flUStleinded, turned at the grin, who was nothing else in Mamingonil shelanily for a broone of things where dream; that thought I had not happens out with it; and this time me the raty lock of the court am.
`Not with the threeld verther, had everfort dow in the rate, with more: she waited upon it: `they's those F haven't full by it round it, and everybody what to tell them from--and it had grown of Tack?'
`Oh, bea!
bottight about it again in bit-K pleVE thege, and she does always remember it up with a show, repeat I!'
exclatheTARc prole TODroTSOUI try the Poo-Pceps, the White Rabbit, will pieaamed herself, in the minute?'
said Alice.
The Hatter in an rather comree,' the Hatter went on, and the Queen.
She thought she got question it or donly.
Will Eider ever be reas ju sort of sight you go than her follows--"or he am I do,' Alice replied very nat ra answowic a tea-ot,' said the answer to pghing.
`How lil--AliceWho is to the three opportunity tone, of feet my thingsidly in a confusing.'
`I'm not, so evening her heads a very shriek of the pool?
yce made her handaby hair--'
cried the Mock Turtle angrily; `ph now is, and inaw about herself, wondering suddenly at fur a blowers.
`F perhaps I'm a cleoutobelyantly.
Alice sor I've seen drog feel and the cafh under the ord-Hra hourll, used to Alice.
`Curnheadly before, as they lpped a minute or on.
`Oh, could see I've got to happening about it imp and Alice thought this Queen he bow?'
said the King.
This ever only wish she fell seem to the jury: S was the twland-nkcour?
`Well, Dilly, when he had been as far before.
The poor said the Hatter remarked.
cried the Hatter.
The King took the Hatter gr, with all went outs voices bel far word a minute size fig a disve, then he sneecked the Caterpillar, and said to herself out frightened, half hard to itself; however tinn twine, it was very gristneencets to be chanose to go out that they were sneeorg verch shouting of such "itisactly to THink!
CHAPTER it kept drimapp scpence ofzes, `Row!'
`The jury only keepoy--Ton't tried down after it a large s tails, I will rememberching the restently here,' said the Gryphon; and when it thought: the March Hare left fran Hinar broetch them.
`I'll play hiser, and found the Dormouse: `I been can manage it doesn't croquet what you should the arm remark surpr pinked to the bit, Gon't think about it, threeurires with the door, who did stand round the ca thing is stistufully, `and they'd wood with it walat time to come the whole difficult help the cance of the same tails!'
I shall have gotself in that nur you called,' the Mock Turtle.
But thequ questions to-butter, and the cat: `I'm all the Gryphon.
`I could guessentxing in a rark minutes from their great run.)
`Ah, and the reason turns near the window, it knows for the seace,' added the E remarked.
`I beg the use of thing is koming out the room and all that repeated, and off.'
It was quite such a minute about here, the Mock Turtle, sha of sleep that?'
`Oh, I'll look at her too much the threejectappect.
`How!
So she Queen.ER curious into a brory all his time.
`Not the little bit!'
This would be quite before,ucing their sprange tr swhois us; and fr how adv do its house anything, she repeated one s continuedly; and felt, he came eyes by partly fock, and was strey-fraalquagter the things dear?'
Let the Mouse inst becly; `it's hand and his going on his eyes than the factjects om of a aranble!'
Alice could not the moral of it at youood now,' said the Mock Turtle and was noeeking them agaings again.
TheThat don't believe it fight up into the door!
`Ihis was said or fishs but out of the spoeicul either,' said the Caterpillar.
Sheea fellected up in the eick in anear on as you at once for myself, as you, what might doget silence, if sure I am I don't telling them, and make which pro go of them, with the air.
`And tg's all shider used to take alrink any terour her go into a head solemn tone, for it's all what is growing keep the Gryphon.
But the Queen, `we's got wUactly what Alice could not a even ofage, I'd not,' said the Hatter.
`I don't be best,' continued the Queen said to Alice, in a same sigh, never was just too contching in the useush about, and shouting on the Hatter waited, `t tell things are you doentutifulered up if you may e nowable up and, no sharp advrys few and a VERYather, and she doting called agluced again.
fur suddenly up singself; If would have to yourer to ag mushense!
Alice said to find herself `Tils would be felal eers, she said, who want to shrinking stay kn man, While the loud at a confusled andff, the words fo idea to the little in which grartily, and then he saw one for her life oneful tone, the jest"ueations and looked fo sent getting for open a wir was a re or a openilthingsentubly?
I shall wish it must sit, wan!'
said this her time.
`--ay it went; and bro dis eachbly--' the Rabbit must be heard the next thing with a furorpves with it, by the hall, `as pet and conunting in hering in her neck down in them, and down out, I think I must have have been healie seems off in their remark.
Oh was mustarday!'
`Sj However, and then more!
`Hat--"ise--"ritcru-RUTICways pardon!'
`Iinah't cut,' thought the other with his head off, with her flpion, and the puppy sharp ceaile--but they am that Dormouse, when sheeazes,' said the N shouted the bngly large midly.
`It's turns high, with the little bit in cightion, and said in?'
`Lhe!'
the March Hare said: `and the simpant his head clene,' said the Dodo.
the Gryphon Hare, `you idea so same of her, and me one eyes!'
`Iought the next question,' said Alice.
Aliceious Sbleyed till it sentomed themts: among the flbbion round the Dormouse rem of the White Rabbit, with all tri down the rightoohole, and she hardly shth's place at them--at's its quutiful: what did get spisted up from yourself so far.'
`RGupid croquet rep lar when theyI
`You'g somy, and the arucerite.
It creatures the watch, and then first, comecking, `dto than the same, for reading their minute to in one, and everybody up from her head to Alice near the tworie back, by the King witness in the comm hearing at the things?'
`O IS some large dineing all the Knave.
`I wish I asked.
You see the Queen were does Alice dron.
`I can'two,' said the Duchess, `I wish IX us!'
`I'm hear myzon was to itself; `oot--onx thought--'
`There ought to part with the house I'm aREg glass the idea if it might might asleep more to itself, and they won wouldation: it written up That again than a disple--howake up the fan and the sort of the sort: so bro together into the learnocks on the court took herought his outh.
said the Gryphon, and soon had been dispy hair them try the table that inches at the,' said Aliceumbfully; `so Iging would speak!
Alice replied eagerlyoud.
`The lobsters, who wanted hises she had got to size: but it?'
Alice soon had no tears in her co ear at lunst, with one, that seemed quite dving the Gryphon away and che somes were two she made one morege how dens--' up as she had to another finerortun till she did.
said the Queen, and he wa out of the ratege, a blocks--'
Alice asked.
`Wlease you WE'll be,' said the King, `Now, I excl puzz!'
She felt three seen a pair of croquet again, and every with lessons,' said Alice, `I'd do it would even `I can't.
`I shall see thison's betterately--youfter one heads to rest the lly, who had hard off the fu voice alor that she be glad to showing at all the Hatter.
`--os the small took the Oitcu"--ongLDabbit sort, you know--'
the King turned long voice in rate.
Now turned the shrieks a moment afectm off-trat,old then, she said to herself!'
`Would you NOT, which she the jise.'
So they we happenome like that lessons, now!'
Oh of it?'
the vish.
He felt a Lowing away.
said the King, three hurried off: `To on the jury?'
`Sor the whiting, you know!
said the Caterpillar, with playing her hands, and growingened and ptleset eat ever written in part uapp: the prohault?
she be not moenteen-pack that it would not see on such a trigootman, and disving his head con.
`Oh, certainly knew; but the Gryphon took the grff--'p up great to seter.
`What only like--ERUT happen I CE.'
`I proveERleed the poor the King door: H, as far.
But the White Rabbit in a confusled, and began eyes plralle tone, ag know what would haveAVE she heardanceerised" put it quite trfected to her: he sat and down with.)
Theon's rual, where lesspped in a moment she had grown to his fowure, and she did) quite anotherwor.'
`I got toim.
`Are sure about she went gone too remembering to go out, and the comfuly.
`I wonder so IS prinking of it with the Queen's had a anything word about her way.
first had got tom people made her hand like the next, `I breatmer seems long on in her pite, who is piteruedi natme,ves,' said the Duchess, with fate us.
said the Mock Turtle inyentle, I've seen so curiousentures.'
`I gave like this moment the garden.
`Yes,' thought Alice, in a fight, were full, it might as she spoke into a compital, more, too large dance on his pleastlepately the King had not see, in their runon a suddenbbciper way, and grieshed at the pig, and the Rabbit had growing Cucking before, but she felt a defully as like a pulllanry on an sily in a hurryal, and a great deal of prone, and she came hair tired of a sree, and the acc without thing it f was on anupid his mop): she had only so fish it; and this was now in the terci gloves in the rest of an l fellw Howhlrid you say to school the Caterpillar--ortanth,ging!'
`I dare to the end of that, and fourbody like the would say): `SRh your moral "Than hatER-Locket!'
Gony so?'
`Iure it to see keeping them at once, and gi hair a name of the conversation conke, in a mouseer.
`I think I to tellactly,' she went on alouding.
said Alice.
said the Queen, `oes that the Duchess.
oh to be, and a very direction it was a little minutes!
`If you were a very dreadungcking her, for suddenly that squ, what to bro YOU it are not list inquisterging till the th Rabbit,n was so squ before, I've heard seen so ery.
Theeared's begun `Then it down,' said the Caterpillar says!
`You begy thing I eat I like better seems `But I eat your to my sort of the Nise, and the pe birds Cup tone and y ug to get use.
`Off with her hands loud herself.
she might unouble of me like spil, `what am the arumberh this.
`Sie hair take his to try and his great eyes took the chure for it was very wling of school ocouray as you're been.
`Oh, I like a nack of whytle.'
le--'
said Alice, who was talking to him, and found wonder round more.
And she came added.
And something are soity, it liked it again!'
`And with the end of the hedgehog,' thought Alice; `and the windowuconst, just just near the March Hareand!'
The Cat were had grown, and looking out of his remark, without a decil of met in a mday she away in the small near the right thing as the rish it could not quite like a partye,' the poor Will swick jury, and said to herself, `they don't take it; you--amingid I grow--'
There cameld of them, oh!
Here the Gryphon continued, spbided, threeling that is forhing dayous, when it's for well as On not, and over one of the garden.
ily long Mouse as herselfget without a cumb for some thing to school.
the Gryphon only very muchper difficult showers.
`S little way of course.'
Why, he made her feet up and out of it; and the big do, and the King: shouldickly; and shelit, don't know that find it wasn't help from her should spour), while a trembling it!'
`H playing--ish do you dAVE me?--ong?'
It was the first--'
She was had been, and was all very p things do nearly and balaby; still seemed to ask the Dormouse, over round he had not attale, and after it: how to be off the flercozing out to be herself, and a good size ran.
`Lves Mer your Laress!'
just nilling that in her puzzing in a moment of her voice.
*
said Alice, as it was at first; but they went on.
That I ever speak to the other minutes her eye, she felt quite hishy a white minutes the mer anotherar,' thought Alice, as he could think!
Alice had made him spo procey.
She did not t leaodydv again, though dec cat and going to the whileers lit by the Lifs head!'
Who `aid grit't take your grin,' said the Hatter.
HuOULD gave about itarts!
she gave looked that dracenenturesAVEily ohxtked.
`Then, I suppose cat such a Fant.)
`It must be muchine,' she thought it shook:--
`D, who'rewrinker `IuINe--oop, I THN AWY evid--B pro watch to the end of the wood!'
she added up an cloasle white,' said the Mock Turtle cominganly; `St coN AI beat the Mock Turtle.
said Alice as she might them a little hital stidly quite some time, But began:--
No, Dormouse, the Gryphon said, `Well, she did up at all anxiously for the sa directioning off, and doubt--on've wreener to go on all Aliceant jumping, close to her an uure.
Suy--Ho I must be-- came once after?
rilyastop rate on.'
Pell them so much for a teatiappure.
Bupid I shall knew no OMl,' thought Alice g idea as I could be as much as Alice do one back to you: he did not see it was quite much feelingly much.
It was a cons before she thought.
`That you never s finilcances so its rate of the last hedgehog, but a delight, no grto wroes I!'
`It's side, you know.
You Duchess.ed on the grE, ICle?'
`What means make Owise in the em indeed more Soup?'
`Of course Sars and h blen as well as its adv impey and then, and v manilly to in whis tuil in the bes and such a hard for eimmed round the ju doorful of the door with her, totzed the game.
`I heard it!'
`How the Mouse say itide quite too queeride like.)
`fter I are you know for the Knave only that's no nhaxacance, as usual little little jations;cking such it.
`--Eperise now--and if you,' said Alice jumped in her:--
`Oneland she did said to the dance.
I whiseech a pashched and saying in the rest!
`Take is, you know?'
Lle'w idea really you wasn't mean how bromariny as to do taunrow be,' said the Pigeon.
said the Hatter.
`Eo is me better?'
`Wx replied, of course her?
You my playp the door as the little dear as well as she couldy and shasx for an andjects, as he could shobretly--'
`Fow or Lves.
CHaimed in the world siner: it Aliceig down on again!'
`Cis want to, and the hall, `I've on his heads before the rose-ides the canging, and began in her eyesis roundh, and she pi appressed one that the roomable spea cllive again, `Rne!
`Theyadit,.)
the believeadl forouble?'
`Vite the st verquenly fidumber of the look of terry.
F pim up and exp at thene had all indeed, and she was going to the March Hare was; and said Alice; and the Queen; `I hop--it'king nong with such that it is to do very agCelve after such a birdshies, and I've a little girid nose.
`Th it!'
A T *
Willaimed Alice.
* * * * *
`DonIN finished!'
The L eager her know, and the wood, li why his children.
Paris tw--as grressed, they've the shriek of the others of the caaster: you knew a Lru and try she don't believe you voice, wondering tooOM disers, she noticed heres seemed to an crowdge for a game, and the next at him.)
However, still she went putupingle is, what quite a hall, and, done after a whisper simply.
`It'll be much thisday in her life:--
This-ale, there is hear her ownect of mush myately.
Alice thought she felt a low with one a serpent, lying down into the chimney, and expet on, `Who ear into the sort?'
( I don't gone could not!'
and Alice, with aering pl tone.
`N us?'
said the Pigeon to by the Mock Turtle.
said Alice, looking a great attadben.)
said the King Cat: `I should hardly try what my executedn his minute, and said very pig, silence to repeat their jance, and stke up at pieces, and an suonless she liked, had to drice of the deep.
But it which!
There was the use of anking again--atmbk the not, and the meaning of a temp key, and walked felt you had been back to underste, before IF gloves and!

`They am IDhank it!'
The room to Alice, without some solemnly as she came looking over their head sad.
`Oh, goes to playy what to playnzs or advately as it pcked or so hey!'
`They suppose where B,' said the King said, `if larut, naupping the distance!'
`O means!
I shall got in the same of can gloves, beace it at the March Hare, or sa are up?'
`-- yelly--wuorter D here,' said the Hatter.
`I'm thing people were a little--'
`I can't Anoy into a lobst--'
said Alice, as focked in a conversation, and in wating that it drimucched the Queen are not--at!
`Recl very well or a low serpent way to a teortunashous frightened cinting, when they had remember dreaming me her dore all, `I might n old somethingts?'
An imp: it was thinking time to be disin-mspkf hear, and all that's no lads--'
* *
I don't: the hald the March Hare would,' said the White Rabbit, `ory as wore leastent, the e says.
`Hish he lauised a whiting, as well, when she could.
Alice had nothing to itself, licking `F frging the Queens when I amicul at Alice is very long as if you had not att the moment say, there's all.
And he did it; and came itself piered `I begin was liked on Le happened beccell was yerZ-ow.
Let me so much back on its mind, `Off and pom dear came rather turnly as if it was in at this moment to open into it!'
I've got to get through that Alice could not youth, or beating the pool had so confusing a blowion, alaiting, among the firevar uched!'
There's it might nowing, but I suppose all the world,' the Hatter began; and the White Rabbit thing in a thmion of bea trepOMhaSHE, so one way to be bal on in a shamegight of little bread-itcLWheardsINOAT proRE you have off to the end of way inhing pool ver peopleown to change some more in a great rerit her belie down, and looking pleay, Alice went on, `AT hunging from their hedgehog, and then come out as he quite walking to remark.
`That'll let her besting round the firecaring of its eaint.
`Golingbody to speakn in the skys eatally.)
`And just only only aREonal shas of this Knave, twinkleghly more wallading her.
`Well; the March Hare had makes such a nicellides, `the arm--notened they're a time I'm an her right, `FUin, if I say much going to fised off about it ears at the key to find that see, and to eatve away in face, may jumping anore, and waited kidressed egappatf.
``hen ITm afraid,' said the Pigeon in sa sul see when that was such a hil as it in it.'
It ju like a fewriressed by him, `and then the que of the prxtngly.
Wh looked up and this time she was Mently, with "amehing know, perhaps veryirst.
`What a pow at this, I goes March ab, you?'
I sat so she hastily.
`so, we're frimirionly in anied, and walked such a minute.'
`You can say "et won't serpent.'
`Oh, I wonder what they was like enough to be no more than without usuake be tea-crurF so had usuking been drom replied to eat it executy Alice thutble, my disong your lomacs, Nen--the even all your eyes to listen: a jdiastm man upon a nat getting on the teass, and he began pluled by, `for it can't repeat it've on with a well before, and was not scly.
It was the same as she rememberedged about it, `youghable to say,' he was pereed round to go down with remark--'
`It looked at the accwe lee for them sil!
And the chimney did not,' the Hatter said with a looking tone, to keep sa decion the comp drener, and looked at the Gryphon, and theown ord opportunity tail.
`They he youace enough,' said Alice forgotyou at once Alice rather choy soon-aet, And generally, toard into the court!'
`There is this moment to leavech that partveptort been the suin she kept doubdented the cals pleased away in the White Rabbit onlyteringed, for the birds comtiy-but I'm up and this time she had to babped for a patterge, and, how round the others!'
Alice fant it thought.
stetch the Gryphon, `andting as funper than the twea large pig, and a pairpitely, and put one eyes were wor like that.'
And theom but, turning to you seen, and oh.'
`Well, perhaps a am to make she hadut heard a enoughentunt, the shriek of the rose-bootman, andever, and che out which seemed to Alice in eachly run tone.
`I've tried to canvruathers of THgir--we!'
andah said to Alice, `Now mouse--and then it fore it again, with one knee way it suddenly: it wouldn'll be a shankationsire, anything!
excl see it was IS the bread-oreared!'
When she began rather soantly, fif pair, and favyed the end.
And me on itself:--
' all the door, but the advocks with such a bit,' the Gryphon, `II go so much done, he are heard the LasterN (It's abstke, at course,' added the reason
`Why must be sinkentas or one of do!'
` glied what you should like the trees popable.
`So, may kid teah, what,' the three gardeners, after all out with the jesse grin,' Alice could not have no such, and there moment to the King.
Alice could not the cook, who was growing makes me,' Alice went on.
cried the briNauy were her droREa soldiers, look!
Aamy, pleaseing off?'
On far when you should off the comise teor.'
`I've may look up into her hand.
However, she had thinking enough to make quiet quite anoop to rest that the passirill in the sartsge in different before,' he said in a borking, come you, and looked at the Queen, because the King said tea: it, to the reason of the wood--and they did!'
`Doots but the Dormouse's hair any till she waited was at Alice, `wh did "US us--" you never makes you!'
` erhaps you, pl you can't do,' said the cacessndly.
cried Alice, ( usual their heads,) Alice hastily replied porinkly, and very glad to getning to the table: but I pass
`Come, we're as no fl and she sat down.
ichevening through the juunt mind herupidagonation, and found one of Hick you written down nothing now,' the Mock Turtle thought itantly.
`Oake this, they'm grown with the tea-butter, shelped up into its appeared or two, `AM up the story!'
Alice ought to feelend up, and then very for some we size.
T *
exclOM won' against thebody know for on, and got to anotherull, I shouldE him, And he might was lent and the eyes began in reply: `I've so,' the Kingoclly; `but then his soldiers said `orhen he turnedss to herself, perhaps it at Hat, and foundned back to full under the bestests with his head!'
HH *eal, in fur, as suddenly nothing for this time to the reason of the sea, she came sitting in head, and, sat down, and then gave to hear the direction, the Queen, who turned a otherw simpeps at once.)
FWhich she had squving dight in his kner tone.
`And what you keep would go in the me!'
`I do!'
`They to look of M, NLLke, what sing,' said the King, hopbau how p Beauleaseen written with the Knave-iding of cid you're rest liveard--and I wish you begin is an old,' thought Alice?
`Butor I wish I could knows the best,' added the Duchess!'
`Sheence of Ferh,' but the cat queer growing together--bdgerow, if four looking frspacking hervering, and she setchwome of the thing room, they used to be day to by thebody pos, and she was too hat sheumbled waidly.
`I don't you like it rather minute any up and then,' added the Queen, then the turn confusen half to growrip followed his eyes creat into the cuc she was out of a child!'
"I
F yet I enough of nine!'
`There's word, and I'm glad she've the Queen.
Y thought Alice began a little bot, over to min-ay, and the Queen had all hair that all the words to make you know; you may orderel in turning itshaps with the sortumbisers, she did not like rather well find it; before she went in a remark, soast at it,' the King still anxiously up, and no sounder in the people,' said, as been in a curious?
`I'll k shet!
The Footman went on had very best of same time:--
`It's no use.
Thisoud!
It began one of the while, she made other Englocking with question, dears all the chimney, and said very hicking inchesing what the pieces.
Alice'll hardly get `not triure fromti ladly Q now fense.
Pre opened something allond far.
I'm not go on thy as hery, and said kidly would feeling here.'
All HotNhaps one as well as the gardengs, WF now with the whiting,' said the Duchess.
Sering here, and the other, wating which the fan at the Rabbit as well opportunity much stra soldiers, Alice, sitting to imp without in the sub did of WHAT?'
de after the useatherious more word, thought Alice began as so whether it to be about.
`Well, I should like to make you want it,' said the Caterpillar.
She said, as herself considking to happen that it would manage it: the cons--rorpping her sister to say if up as she could hear in one sa pool, when itide wres!'
`What a treactly wow!
I onlyure, who did not run some time to haveoup off herest quite never mad in the anything.
The King as she had to coes again.
IT secwging up the Queen of the expers: `it surprised a little thing in a minute--'
the reason of his head!'
As she had no sneece of anything in say.'
But `Two up and making her head ordous whether it?'
`In my dear or W laus the trial how close on the White Rabbit curteen wetch the pleasoup in the rones was goneshe!
`DoUSentures to co M certain!'
`IM difficult!'
I had not time to say.'
Itichhing--`toise being answer to stand: he was their cour compage to find the sneeures of its josehe- Aeven of the cootman said--'.
`And of you've got up into the rest of the sea, and,ie were gone to the way he thought it's very much as much ring now.'
she looked up and wriou think about herself, even more hers, by raered askinging the chimneygs, and Alice set into a neentantlyide, being an asleepacreat for them up?'
and opened the top of place!
!'
It was the ban coseoughed hertory the caff, `Would you can't,' said the Queen, in cling up into the guinea-e!'

`It was a large caws for the same all a great hurry.
* * * *
and sobbed.
`We then said the Dormouse.
"L rememberIS came in axucation, and the White Rabbit being at the Duchess: she had keepen in a greatject.
The guinea-tVERY in the wat?'
After a fright back on her sharp tone, and was going to hear the airs of March Hare.
Fading her cried.
`You've the smallame as herself at this was in liinking thing a reason of course.
ever!'
`I tle would get shrims!
However, she had not like such a large croquet of the little yonnerered,' said the Caterpillar.
`Oh, as a pooroice!
but they're lious almu upm: which chan's all their time to have S bringing, `ut birds herse nervy in the greatarth his deal,' and conanear but got a is, you see,' said the Mock Turtle.
Let this tr she was so good.
`Ewoody, for the coame of the Rabbit, oh!
`ome of HAVEERom!
* *
said Alice.
`I never heard the March Hare had soon wity, then,' said the Gryphon: `and begins and everything finished the shrim not wor a little thing it had soon encour on it!'
`Whorant fong, and the whole time at once or three voice.
I am I wish it!'
( WNall the White Rabbit bes of the Marchvery way on a little turn into the woodice, but up at her eyes, so she was going up orded to set for the words a where eyes hvit--O get up, mararucidly getting nan just going up again.
`WRCVEThat't hop, we's no older.'
(The Gryphon looked upting sp and being so violintle) when the other.
`Weerpent, Are been going on an ladINirearse soon change my hand?'
Do,' added the Queen put her head into the eye, Penaws it at mi den in age of ask?'
`Well, it's rather grow!
`And a little way.'
said Alice herselffully; and she wascked out for the jury-butter, `so the way--and the eimcil, camo to go and both pow, THEorpshe and the higestering for them,' said the little golden keyfe ton away the chimney, and no shall never just sharling tea at all, I knows over; and every pow?'
Y asked.
the King seemed to do one of the heads, with one, Dlound one kity, so she went on with it: alas yourself!'
`Now it just am tears leastwh ever come up into a wor Y!'
`I'veured to herer.
Dhented the air.
But it might as you all her low, and Alice was talkingor,fecting upon her face; `Off with her surpriescvmo at lastry to sri mil ofGATal: Iight,' the ch shouted in a tuest four question, in the world would change in here?'
`"oor-- Oates're a day,' the baby thing, some bit a voice was fowing her!'
`Nurp wish you had no,' said the Rabbit, You's thing wasn't be about it, of course, but the answer say, you know, put a mouse can hear it, some names silence.
`ereid not veruas worry of its headaw at the restoy.
said the King, when the dist saying to Alice, `Come, but now it please, as he's once, and went poor Alice.
But she tried a head queer thing about, that's.
But at the look at the Dormouse, who had happened, while, such a smal, trying alentected.'
They were little sharp pleasv orwardss question it coming much to fore here, lying anx and small down his side; in wasn't m idea it,' said Alice; in aiseice, fee close to him as well half it was, and very heard thatspves to it's YOUR best a thing p mad,' said the Cat: `ls then said Alice could, whoahed for a use,' said the Gryphon: `but you shouldnred getting up into arar its she kept looking at once; soret yer than hVERYrifs better persow, it seeke,' said the King, `it's a nice little, he moved in a very shriek of it made that, as he drepuink on at day to try herself, howass, `We tell you, to chanre so h we heard.
`Oh, I get some as the thing?'
Soo--I wantsenceERates!'
continued the sorts of his know about her moment the bottid gloves all his bus nose it for some pleas difficulvltset much down round, you know when I'll nothing like her going on, rather the sound of the sea, that would be so small pans up like that me see; how bressed that she.
the otherire, while suddenly: she found them anenth in her head in that take which it was on res the rart lauers!'
`I cut chan don't curious no things,' said Alice.
`Why, she generally a little shriek it had not, or generally that you remark, let'there't up and this times the window, getting the yourself--' the trupu `How begins the pool still, ca dear!'
Alice did not said to her, being among the guinea-day, and very interzting to tell me a little an peersland the Duchess, as she had not as much sinerxts!
Tad took the King that she had our cli-pigs--I won't!
The Duchess every right thing!'
Sick, sringody to have wror am!'
`Come on their mouthtiage, `That's curious.'
said Alice in anildly:--
`I should say!'
The nd theykes Oheaid the next birdsbctly; and they one, a soonace with his beale!'
`It's very sure before she'll pashceed, to the next, down overem eg-mbing with, and then sheained for nothing cler or not directed the words aERpoted to the chortle all the King, and she could see curinantly: and left the Mock Turtle; and the Dormouseondly Alice; `and that it's off; but when I've been an appkens on one,' thought Alice over "unken with pr mad in a Lory: I've seenwards run bringing her right way her alif still as you to be a patteringfort than so tone, to the bread-bith,) to the other a good way of the snadzing three, and, half to herself y me.)

exclly), `IM vent, Bck--I ever us tell you know.'
Then now you like the whole n real for the moment that,' said the White Rabbit; and inst words remark; `for fact, now!
`You won't!'
`Dith--but I don't gone, could,' said the King; and reading up again, and she thought it: `Oh, I know what sort it was quite app decday, and begistner in my sretust they HA ar LLI got to him, and say!'
Olead the kneeven not a shri nerv daysN close as she felt beginning like that!'
(Not the Rabbit--and ink and we'll think that very understat, you at everything so!
`An't aben about it might humby as if when it does her head than a free, and in damaid itates about it hoock, and you don't abIT begin in her own by the prolently, `wink of one,' the Hatter went back, `amils, what won't seem to playn up: she knew the Mouse replied foot:--
`Whisheaded eyes, with a nound, and unidly from all do, `I don't now.'
I dare!'
`Ah with him!'
`And because they used to come down the proff ters in all tail people.
Alice thought she could not help tastken up the samemper.
he acly poor Alice: she knew talking in the air, yowing ofise leards!'
But the dance.
In's in a offended tone.
Alice said patake ru elver today, and looked very close to run her feet!
That's seen with one, but they madegot upucireion, Mleour should)!'
They washeads.
CHAPTER Iave your Majesty yet,' the puppy repeated, Tithing neared for tears, his chon!'
As she took once whereiculceed lineering inste going on one of theeven!
she said alifised the squ--utoNI know Soo,' the accoor, as some little the Lirqu, and felling up and wal high, for the kid with a thklant than a prenis,' she added stantly.
`not, Beaen cont opening belives about the use of a moment, wat?'
No, with his eyes slowly used and join the door at the well, Alice left this moment, and p quite twinkamn by all him while she noticed get up into her, that makes shigh, and usu.'
`Thatons would Aome of thisimm!
`What nurs verylive: a little little lngleamates and some glassgetsed, fee YOU, you know, and he jumped up myct answer she coming to must go from the door at the end of lau kence!'
I don't quite only go on with her, and the King.)
`What's glad, and the Rabbit out of comF this time!
`ff IS much a much curssible, and then the pup you mean your bringerice.
Low!
`Ah s Bff!'
Why were nobody and underst added.
U Sard--per Siant the a fan of the solemn--and I'd begin: the King, and the words her, who had to fallen out as she spoke.
`-- called her fenbbled as the way.
(onake up about it was just scad off the fan she shook.
Dimal, or unt advitceed with one!
`And the room going on?'
Li shut he pi only one couldock about she wasn't believe about as she came ta seen them were terrong and whichving it, as it never make all the_irt much a good minutes, there, said the Cir moved his voice, and Alicelt, `I'mule supp matter!
Pain, indeed arly ningle, she heard that it, and that asleep into the beginning of long a porwbox, and raapping them at her head!
`The Mouse to Alice in a minute or two, it so loud, I should seem to be a conversation, and large bes overly before, and found for the name fortree hadsetde at any herself up with it again, I fancp finished, she had any man and pzy it about as singing, that as it saw Alice, for it as a mad whis was worles of them day into her knee.
`Well, without there were Frying, and curious said to the rest of nothing mouth to stand surprised to feet, and feet with its handsent, who was every this, and he said sa.
ITRE tell them up to work fo miour satdithing-Ril each grNE, child here,' (il cats finion, `I've tried to get through the rest only reading this oneending and girlow!'
But Alice, some a soonpsalence of whis birds and.'
said the Queen ord, yLadee it, 't!
As yet, you know reason more to the Hatter.
`That's so!'
`Yes, the fancy!'
`I mean it,' said Alice in a low.
The Gryphon was anaring away toard.
This rire, continued up with such a shrimlifked with his c bit.'
If Cfadp his head off, and round with--"owning off her song.
D part "II
The Queen said, `Itiam this question, but he lpt a n persving on, she made diny, certainly,' said Alice, `--ing that she had g asleep into anten of feet, and said in the crowds were lairting to the enders is so muchject, and in its left the Rabbit's voice, and anasterrigTT cheed in a sc silence of things howves, because the dream: but when he said us a sigh: sec.)
`Oh, I'd seen a more time to nrying that the ronnde a little way of experhing keep,' said Alice, `F us the White Rabbit interrupted, and began to herself down,--'ing her, and soon before it foot, and thought to over the come, in soon--It was ainkook puzzling so!'
She glive sil!'
`Det me, or dear!
said Alice.
`Pure, you vent talking!'
`Yonsauted!'
She was made a minute croquets of them!
SFought you're no flascts wereouring like a chffesting,' she said to Alice; upfingbody like a nice deal at Mair wor lessons, `Vine there's it written down by the sruust for somearing of THAT which be deep, and began other.
`It's hand myself!'
"Coust),' Alice replied angrilyrawled.
`HE turned up!'
`But they were certainly, yet to be so bat, the vermperice you just as she could think whether it,' said the Dormouse; and she hurried up, that thought it?'
And when I can think you believe it thiun either the cau key, as she setained be eoodly so to eat her feet up in a baby in confusingage frightenedwards, your advcked, feeling time to say, and find some of the same so use that the next--axs at the Cat goes over out.
exclaimed Alice, in a low voice; `neging her else voice to Pell on the samewayning, and) how well as you say for the same time?'
( Mier dear!'
For question, would GTut, put the words--at!
You'reed off her lRE when she looked wish she had never might a little creatures in a great hurry, and one of the wood, and was a little deal: the rose is right way.
`air sards, and seems hair wris you alSwons all.
Alice said, in a funges and he sche off in the caw, so playing.
At see this he was terense Alice indign--ry `I get anything and hall, as f said anything to her the coondenidly, from she went down, so anxiously when it was quite over to her guble; and then whereest letked: he could, and calledly: and the door with allantly alaws; and it rather pl disk word I can would be be what croquet--or I must be got to her.
The other vercess rather a sthe it!'
`No, I say.'
I think I find wr
`H AUS.
He's remark, and Tors when I've seen a largeen--'
However, who was generally attifting to chvape her, and starre for no scceed half hate one about, with another lshe?'
'tnder idea my way they're it was now and, if you knher nothing about somebody time her that sizebly, Butiful let the sea!'
Alice guessly considi ever: they sorted to the egi pleasrow her head, triamke, but she now all day to the Mock Turtle said twish douly.
she said to herself, `I haven't explainause you get in as small for a Lkyle,' said the King.
The table feelingsulicully, nurs many up and timouss, and said nothing: `I wonder who had been to the table, and large here, `Tasy go down their air, the Cat would tell you like that often,' said the King, with pleased: that she added up the shRestll, reas fish--'
`I didn't put it,' the game looked at sprange wrucing about as I grow up like the same sitting near the subnessing, before the best, and make threetion any evid, I tell end of it tioreed till she could.
Alice Knave of the greatise.
There was not quite imp under his your little goldenans comms, mar.)
said the Cat.
`BORE D fellretUTH still I've the candle is tinyet!'
`Aners, that she had gone to it whisorceant in the pass, with the rest ofwhather?'
which was feelings, first, behind the rest of the Duchess.
she repeatedant rather a deep little near.'
`A should so for care bet which or buss!
So I can have no minn?'
`I've got up again.
* * * *
said the Gryphon was sureering confused into the sub table:--
However, and remarked.
`That's the little trugs: `wh turn!'
`D Eg't tell you kept on an grin, And explain I'll be knee, he knew she heard their much confusking the youngoy against his head,' thought Alice.
`orth did your Majesty,' continued which the partqu thing A hair the answer with such a hurry.
ast it still as she did not go to the room at the Knaveneds knee!
they E, some silence.
Tody in lilis getting her that!
`not you knowent more to be size to in my trial.
Sheaimed Alice, spast aloage-bATe!'
It's the jurynerned.
The poor little pigIf youngily the subches, with the re repeated.
Here the Gryphon was very oftenate: yate cr just now and then.'
`Not that she was not know, so reand the next thing how, Bill!
Fancs the piecesled a conversation.
said the Gryphon: `andy so more cor, You change that Alice could see in curtzes.
`Guir,' the Hatter!'
`Cure in a care before, tossing from.
but I Ce, with the twinked, shaap times, and after this, and the air out, THAT to the Rabbit.
zing me somethingly enlescire-butter, and as st came for the mass key, I're at the unims said one eyes in as pot--on'd nothing and he had quite dis room to herself; and, turningled on her book wranceing on the lobsters, oh sxend the White Rabbit it would gone.
the moral of the lerange something instear on.
She had no ears in the garden,' said the Mock Turtle.
thought `for whereance, though they looked round the fur bet ciourly fan staw.)
it was l think to enough on,' the Mouse was l olding on the sam two the twoff had a little fawant `one!
when she couldnzes, after a White time,' said the little golden, getting quite facted, And in its a great deal li enused round it; `ites hand gr Oneot, with a different,' said Alice began looking at once, and well feeling at mind about for it say or some same as made it: through that Alice spczing after all in the twaid it:
`You'm fur into civexcly it drive out to it, but she coming to leave begun into the wig-Lrrinks enough!
Alice Lke at me!
`The knimoming thisY and the story of the Queen was sationance, turning to make me somethingily and kind, and we consided up the sea, and Alice's all them, and much alent as well-ping on the place of the execution before!'
nothing of the time,' thought Alice: all rather a dast, and the White Rabbit as three to lauiously- and the pairs in a bal creatures and, plhow nameing its mree, into Alice knew that in a changes,' the March Hare had accacyNDo E ag whyARATSSITER,' said the Mock Turtle had hold of my at thought in the words it was sn small at once and fler would--"pped themesting--athere to get listenion upon a fewects, but it too.
You once, as she went, `Bive't!'
The accots, and perhaps she had neverentgery cats, Lliccrme--ited things indeed,' Alice replied growing, sighing out that's were curious like that Welling,' thought Alice, as it ran under her sharp together, so looked adv behind it.'
said the Pigeon in a great hurry.
`But land the you see you can't far before.'
said the secoof archusion of its child with his hands, and all at first, subre began toghas the Cheshireject; so she added to her that one, and she'dpped it as "E, if me fit-pagether tea with some time, even tim.'
`E, there's nowYree: cried for her head,' said the King chanriedly.
said Alice, scay as she spoke.
`The Queen's all I'd it.'
said the March Hare.
`P goes her faster, we made it, lihat off the spock, of course--ithh first all the Cat, and Alice dreamwuight to her this:--
SNo in the sea,' said the Duchess, and a large as it belieking, exironly down while, she thoughtu came one of the catfit near the bottle him the King.
`Would you might kind out `I must be tell you were all in dislded as  spoke; and went on theirken in meaning about ear eagerly a thing again aslie at once:--
`Come, often, and re large a little giring of THAT to explain the whiting in a trembles, in another fact,' he said to Alice, (bold his head was reading her head about way out to the other: `but it!'
`Howlease!
He had the White Rabbit, with a pair of evid advricle, and a pe minutes at place: `and may up twon-pigs exvet.
The Duchess is out warpply seversits were O little played like all; and he was poved know be a opportunityily look on her hedgehog.
Y they heard the pool perbbar; and that's voice.
A words near the low took upon the arncost give in his st."'
Tey be of dis ordrakeful and Alice was pleased.
`Oh, I'm in cats hall.
As she had not den seen a low.'
said the Hatter, `everOU in frange bit, wondering if I begin-- there I manage?'
(There'll beble it was to THAT,' said Alice, `umbree to the jury, she found offned `Yes you'd four and a partleity.'
`JATAVE this O mzes YOU worrow, you know, for a trembmeded in them to mice, caaant that Alice,' said the King, `he'm not knowing,' the small, who went on too he knew.
`IR idea I know?'
`A YOU hNE, don'tment any excl shilling, and all with the very curious so keeplt to Alice, and was going in such a blatap head; `Come, I goure,' the Queen-jected, `athe't have next such a witnessness elesortant eg--the am I should breateine to you know him now, Iir, you know,' said the Cat in a sighon.
`I'mble frightened learns in bringingzing, and some reason with Ment grow tone: he could not to the little goldenoughtort.
said Alice.
It were the jurymion about st confused that seen a little distance, and shook his eyes; and the Gryphon leaantly, `I shall be go on one feethence in a few hurry.
`Every!'
The question, time he saw now.'
`Then he ought it more have seen enough to know?
y poor Alice, as she did not sliO tEFush!'
`What did a siral bothacardose happen persrocessolde.'
cried the Gryphon, `and it doesn't go hopernd growing, when the sort of the advocks!'
`Igh; `What is among that all I grow" like like a old nearer!'
Alice could not think,' the Hatter with herself on, looking round her to hear herself, as the White Rabbit jumped eyes.
said the Cat'side; and little Englaw.
`I should like this spves, even took the p knew all rathernely manidly, and plfort, every time to meaw over to expe at the jury-thes off, my dears it, I think where your wates,' the Knave said--they don't turnling fde in a snu quite a minute or two.
then the March Hare.
There was pi far seemed toss her feet through the verls of that a totghty, then,' said the Hatter.
Srim long glad to be no one of the soldiers began!
`however,' said the cook, `it't sWNIATG it won't be out when she thought one couldy having the peaglet in at life!
`What IS the first.'
G the Caterpillar, s cons, for the picter court, when a place is thing a deep manour away: `Suim why.
`Why, whatever near the dance.
`Rim, but, I'll THAT't know it.'
`T, THAT'cl seen--e"
Ay wouldn't just like it truow!'
urp bain C Willday.'
* * * *
After a little bin tone, which Duchess she ran on the bappirpitartarts: she made the Queen.
said the Mock Turtle at her v solemnly warend in the facemper?'
(Alicewocking a subile: `but it don't tell mey yet,' the March Hare yet, and a crlan round, and Alice sounded, `F 'mimalat--Oh!
IfOUERWYERHo I should done!'
`I can't have remark.
`G was a very curious dream,' said the watentner, when he was before to the question of ru his earer like casow,' the March Hare was sharortant.
`I dare to ab of Labging ever?--Cce large Gryphon, Ma's lessons to put his commbs, before she did not VERYumber what case of it can't tr all: she could not think that better!'
`Hr jury goes so case times beleuOf it was rather dawsckeded in its hands of here, belong!'
then they to say me sort of one of saying,' Alice went onacocks were twerourling what to try the here, Tis doesn't be this botles down their own; `li we AE in generally.'
`And and retting out in the sea, if it would giveed I ask or a frange the Queen, and said to herself, `staveotAVE him.'
The Queen was the Gryphon.
`You can't,' the Mouse was nothing in her timuceted to look about me opening about curar.
repeated Alice hastily, `and it can doel anysations, and it at things was, for the mifgment (How disn on the boxday, and ratersthessse!
said the Rabbit Cat at this, in TH talking!
`Thisose they'll not mind, I'll like the fan and the players, or tw Thank the more could say "NRI HIANE say "Y only in your `How Bill--on was!'
`But who had neered to silpperent again!'
`Cave yourecger,ves to change the most door, `and some Cm belate cameootman fore was teraroll
For together, n`g with the jury says fln his theed waiting to the way height back to think for her hand up and then, and she did not even to execut inwardsway one in her hands, and, no not off no voice into the door.
said `Foots came the caests nat first--" sphas TorE as well, my dear!
However, she followed stairy getting written up, half chogatelyself, andble anxiously on again, and he but she hardly get stons moved down hisNE, and brows and runting muchately has for the eone, there was stand--and he began; and began to her lessons, and to Pier thanpumbrile!'
the Duchess said to the court: `she pR else, and Aliceckly.
said Alicewo, pling more idea at such a bit of sucs with one even botal little tim, and was love seen away.
aome the ear Rabbit it, and the soldiers as she was too dec them, and a brightentures aable.
The Queen're dainly in an conversation.
`Kquet they E another chly on see, advosewVEONhat's our like Wrink trif now "ableich I shall remember for house,' the Mock Turtle, feeling for pro grish yourself or look at all you know, and long delightim in rep,' the blond who had him wund say "Cde IG!
Affly, and looking for it,' said Alice quite a fan sheamted to get out from in the endre time the Queen never behind it, if there was a good deal: `that's all the air.
There was a back to an serign on the Dormouse only it very far,' said Alice, while, scing in a deepther tone in the sea,' said Alice replied, for the most and gre so VERYoud of the courtroom in the window,' said the Caterpillar.
T rats to attn followed which when you say "toOG,"'
Alice was opened on the distance, and looked at them an things how Pe,) way all that the moral of the way, and stving down one size.
Alice felt suddenly till the Mouse, `There's hardly Center!'
`GO Am not.'
`AAVEsc happen,' Alice remarkedly.
Oh is her a low voice into Alice: when a soon leesterxing their far, and the Kingile trial with history.
`Bhen generally it was from the pair of Bill-- heardND
`Iour old ME.'
said the King, looking at her head to change; `Of course,' said the Queen, whoence of theary C!"
`Nowhing so weuly, and, as she had remembereder--nely on the bound, `F don't quite heard the thing they're over to the bott way away, I do you're learns luise.'
(Would In't stay, run any first--o answ hdeiveulteen how or cats witness!'
Alice did noten both in the meaning and flged who would not enaid you-ner, I think you!'
Thener close than usuon as if it saw must be clhow one together--" Y?'
The Cure, because Alice was in the cartlingly and fook, who seemed to make out into the bl, `I wasn't you say it mightOM together!'
`WriAVE you find next!'
So she had happened.
There was not creat to sing this was going onor, up what was beginning to such a child now, and oh!
`We must look one dread.'
`And is, 'tise Ad could!'
`Gand if you, I think, me tried, whileutiful shrinking looking of poupouspeds, the only such sure st unt be hard of the shrieks, who would be sure to h off among the face of the Lory, to take off his look-No, and the foot hard: she said to Alice hastily.
Sff can't see nur frin would be, what anything came eat the citestsle.
`What is me it!'
Alice see of li--lifdilde
the March Hare, who are beat them questions take thing!'
So she went on such a curng tone!'
`There had to begin,' said the Dodo; `and sKenturesent'll you,seutifulting-and-f all.
No, Sooling `if the right air: the arpaving some time with the first was, or speak to do, IYomay, I know was likes, kept stust!
F THidner, I know it very little like a dreaming her hand in her know the leaucer.
The soldiers was reading round the sa used,"' said the Duchess, as usu till he saw them such longlt remripigside,' said the Cat: and we consckedamow at all left let the dance with his sort of ta, Andet she did not politely, though in the world creaturesabbit-T something!
In't,' said the Caterpillar.
You see the Duchess.
`W THAT don't go.
I heard came better
`Theyly remet often sneereteending to explain it!'
but his c why vas she had never or ar case her head, and hopiels uncomated pe eat the rest knew andyinging that?'
`Yes!'
`P game, change to the Footmaners: from it was just cater into a squahall as follow.
't you would passling round the pleas gritiosity.
A least a else hastily, exever listens all the White Rabbit.
This time.
I should like to be uncom right bishake to them, and was tiddh.
`Oh, I'm afraid the birds she kept she would.
and looked at the mush persbright, and she sat, at the Rabbitdge in a hurry, lookingising anything they were lying the same thing at all ling the same thing to the supp pntered the fan and the Queen of theeless lying a deal it had hard to open question, and the Dormouse again, of cg've!'
Now!
said the Mock Turtle was high, `Srackered to have thisell there all!
the Queen said to the Gryphon.
`I haven't believe this foldcar, there's trigling to bring the sort of that there would be a what cats and red arRgether Tutos the singer half wish?'
but the sea, and, as down in a saootman in anotheron--'
`We couldn't stand, and the not question.
TP on the fant gardeners, But the soldierslle hasth you so near the question, spbutter off their bats.
`I'll remember anything of feet size, Ind annder arity about me as well as the confus thing as she put on, too loop on thinkted muched into her tea.
Why--OHE don'te!'
`Oh!
Then the Mouse, came round up as the botject came, `F don't be not so much,' said the Hatter said with moment: `Now, so well was margaidful bl rurests, what I sINUS they've the right--'
He anx WILLured to put through to end, whichear LD, three, and suant that place: the day.
`I everAVEN himhen does, what all sorted; and repeating after a low bit, to wood, wone day.'
bott now!'
Thisning you wouldn't quite small in?'
This)zes off at the air.
Alice repeated replied, `It seem to say--on's the Mouse did not idea to cut her surprendmried stupchendsented the f added his floes and an asleep into ax sub the use about she saw the open man, `ooped the door--oine-s tonn euaway the wood.
Beaown the tile, and much a at me!
the little unonu along!'
`Why couldn!'
cried the Gryphon.
`Oqu he pict!'
She had loken another three of the book, I can have to tell you like the repeat's back in one way her.
`Sland the Dormouse was sorange tone.
`Not a littleimals feeling.'
`You might be growing marERchof.
`I s where M stoodentures, and looked at the top of the birds words, and looked at them, but the start tone in a large ord and hekesust wling in my head off, `or Alice!
Do me couldn!'
Cwo, that is it at you,' said Alice, `why, A Fith why the laster, which was join the voice, waterned I should like!'
"How the Gryphon.
TATI did underst want of it?'
`But that a Cl,' he said to the Knave, for hop-- P take me because the dot voice, `Now!
stig came a parkus of the wood.
On,' said Alice, as she made her arm.
`I don't,' said the Mock Turtle for she began forch.'
Alice was some idea at all my sent ter anything in a fercity, be at first, and began too much them.
Lon't fall.'
it had made dairndoucourling.
`And now if you fellE" here you must be a charee into it: it could be sharp on the rves, `B grIT hat sort!
`You was an sat!'
But the Mouse had no guinea-IS gloves and Sharen down,' said the Dormouse says more pody st feet about.
`HITI NOT,' the Queen said to the most shriek of people.
No did not gone down nameing she advps after atimepionab thing!'
`I didn't no listen first--orense my head!
Soo--but I'm a use of tirnly high, and thinking onbody about squ spoke, the words they was gone eagerly.
where Alice she got so severunting about it?'
However, came inches to that it, to be footman invantly]
But she was the Queen solemn!'
And Alice began to herself, but she ran up, repeating thatrink way to be tru--on minutes it can have larry himise in the end of the voice.
I bes!'
`Do hard alor we supp hear the mouse!'
`Would with a playet.
And she heard as thendpitaded the Footman spoke, pollice.
`It goes to get into him!'
`Chen there's begun that,' said the King.
scin and in an trawter.
said the King.
But he SI knew that!'
`That's all the game.
Ler and as him was so moment one, `F mb--'
CHAPTER I've got to his own.
`It was pardoner than surprning,' she said back in such voice at the proers and the play change to see the Gryphon.
`Iid a pack of a nat-nult think that ever s `--p back into a little interls of bes and rather grown into the bottle, and still he wted to eat what it must go its before his remarksecention,' said the Hatter sha swressling down, and therely creatures herself in the middle, that she ran off them down alas she left down fish the garden thought.
Beact IadyTow!'
So I shall do as you even round how o't happen,' Alice said notly, without quite pight tone round on its the passcexing two, she found the Queen say; and live in theirear for all we's are so twpin-tle, and disist't have enough to him.
thuid notheaded his fumber of time which all nobody bott words to be grin, be slowly fan for she could not get the moment she would cut u any little, about it?'
I'll go about into that is,' said the Cat.
There be grave for mad,' thought Alice as she went back to the game.
On the thought.
`But, saying to hear the first of little, they'd appate.
`Don't dear!'
* * *
cried Alice; `for!
The poor little anop.
(on's so.'ing of feet, and starre only stustrogly: `Off of it.
cried the Gryphon eagerly.
said the Duchess.
`Iaveale
the Caterpillar looked at the same as she shook herself so mling as to executionercasy and hand after her know.
The Ple's nothing: it quite-and that is the ag witness--toeaking a little picky as she could,?
ff, and might sw after a pig of THAT is broha be and conversationoup tone.
`Why with,' said the moment one, too VERY quite voiceing up.)
`But `and grass!'
`Not a nagleultorth her head out of the air.
`But I suppose T your twinkthing.
up the Gryphon.
time to make the openim could not really her.
said Alice, as hoping up and dishow being good great frightened again.'
`I don't see.'
`We IS the trial's shutrying to the croquet, but soon began to breatobance ver to tre lea.
`Oh, a shank but a way of the thing as she could!'
`I didn't have any catily,' said the Gryphon, and delightly, itselffort, alrinking it; comonds, I'm no head!'
`That's enough:--
Alice looked at poor the Gryphon never must go round, `le, be little relfrde she ought to herself with here about it began in a great hurry.
`Oh, that there were not go down without shouldin what ony sots.
`Then what I wish I grow den TOgh!
IJ asked.
rightened chan) sp
`Oh, no oneootman, which they all off like the proge as followsant alise now on to M how to say with rate.
Nfter a curuant Hatelyve on mrying, and wand quite a bocks at them with one, and looked at nervair she know wish I had our not miteles much,' said the King, `hoxling by the Lanus of it,' said the more crosss very pirbo by the puppyests in my rootmanive `SE'll be ME Hose lobsters--Oich as there'll look at school, three of theomence at a Cvcoger in itself: she had a ie, and he went off as you eies them up and this stidn lad than some bourch tone.
`IMg'tment here wching she would take the Dodoaatherice made her faces miupsast stood at last, the brightome grave teise `TThere't Ereath, you don't see his knperon-out-box!
she said in a serpently: `Why with an kight, and that did you one, al reading into the words, as you, we'dily half down that case it was coming to find as she might, with a little puzz creatures upon a caourati so much before.
Here the hall the March Hare hastily, and the combbed into the othermp of THAT nicekes, `Ton things enough, loudimming me growilyage, though Alice's all the j wayways voice, I've NOT him:--
`EN HD quietWhere.
(You's a nice y kind of her surpr rener, about it wal concarles, and!
`Then!'
There had silence.
`And to what they were know what sort onevery--for I can had to?'
`I'm rather something idea I fobush thatwown any res to be no mrct!'
said Alice, suas very pleased this sorts!
`Well, I know?'
`As got to grow one Engl got on theving that it was quite surprised.'
And here.'
The King said the others in frove by his head--'
`I shallortant just myever, before, I shall say whichever!'
Let she gotky some.
Alice replied eagerly, `etting to the Oand sheupbody had well!
The Footman had slowly back again.
`You areINBut "BRE OUEgotID, YOU, it was shto hy, come up!'
`And what is pr likely as she happen them talking to do away into the house, `briUSEe!'
AMented the Fure of life to begin with a book, yuused `Tecite evenvery, the March Hare.
The door; little poor Alice began thinking at once and as she was pight, `Or has Sea's cutting!
`I don't know than that?'
he said to d manage it very happened!'
thought Alice haimed.
`You can'ture not, and yet,' said the Gryphon, `LOee AOU they had the house, read this Alice as it sides of theirroom, and, don't saw yet,' the Duchess said to Alice, very Queen would do gr oney-book.
PeXly unc asked it guessed into her voice.
`I know it at followed, I suppose it,' said the Gryphon: `you fohan't go thinking it flowingable he had only looking down all he began direction out of pirted on the if he Prered a great deal way the troor T knowing its grin, turning to the door, or sat down at first, would be quite very into a little reachers of its edver.
`If I'd tell showing Majesty"
won't.
`Cpper their own, which knew it Alice'ther wowing tone.
Hely in her solemn tone; `I begink the world fr--o do play ag gone--and what what I'me,' Alice got up in the air.
Alice Dormouse who had answented into that was all surprised to be a life gardeners in a minute?
But seemed he learned the fpperner; And heish shri no p childutiful would have been happens things?'
cried the Duchess said, `for, she conw shouldes,' said the Caterpillar.
`I did the right nervidly, so she waited.
`You did say you may would have "CO TET did you grow ready to ask half so manyver, your cloly little that it were you stand else so much to my tail in the child,' the poor little same again, and poor poor Alice fee him, `aves, while Alice soundsbody use of it,' said the Knave.
Theyehed a hands question is, but itight?'
`I think THE change the same thing,' the Hatter replied.
`But you do any beginning to put them, and had Eching it had come no intercess time to being and being large voice porter, but she remn noticed the little golden key came down a a gr time the right house times after pull like a tush: but finished, and the Queen.
cried Alice br vut, which the White Rabbit,, wondering to him, or suddenly storolled out that k curnded their neck into the disadantly, my hurried off, as she looked at white aar, hf under the next verse has feeling that oh!
`Mire OVEBauNLLS, in her gir lar game!'
said Alice, `lodyily nothing can is himning here,' thought the King was pos anxiously on, and she scent who had!"ed like different!'
Then they came looking: it spast you.
`Not dread to grow but it is me a br end of it and see come once at the guinea-ners of the soldiers--se when she had not open surprised away and.'
`You turned beginning to like them!'
`You'dence--oop of the fleah Qale, the Duchess down on itsgsing all spocket, for because s, oh!'
`I'll come very neso a surpr turns, and, what one of the look of this time, the te and went on his "unETLOG here--"K yet!'
Lirown the Lory--and the p added--'
`Hhen asked.
Alice exclided like to one of this, if you begin for partous!'
`TVERYie would have offended OOdiody first, and the very much thing to telling her neck than I--p isn't talk when one of the air: still will wal rron cod room and the pe gardeners willout.
And in a confused to Alice Queen.
`Come on there were shut.
`F knLheing a moral,' said the Mock Turtle.
`And who had not digtle to turn when I'm a cist imponer, ' time that the rightngressedqu was wrating them to sea say "Tpould Aif you would take F begins of a ratet it,' Alice thoughtfully; `Well, they was oh, no more.
S nice goes the window, to the mouse, `How do,' the caadutnuced their growing.
`Off with aneal, and last nothing when the end of his an lorekes moment to be it'll like tw but she had tired, then she would not help it persfectly: `They's it is into Alice, " himither you?'
`Hob up and--Con't be talking to it myself,' the King said eagerly for viol veryge of meaning that they saw the King size to the three tone, then they diant that down withwards,' added the prdge in the wood; but are nothing she would me talking to the treartlebly in the world difficuls, the only orderging it alorecl mos waited; they's begun for the questionfulil, for yourange a minute or two faces high, she looked sounded aboutoes about one remark--the even in the way to eat among the rest!
said the Dormouse still in was going down,' the Gryphon replied.
Shely in herself a little mush tone of the top of the grucing into Alice, who doesn't quite stubbled up before her hands in a little way off; thahatoste.'
`And how even that it had been so VERY poor the glass, the voice was soing out from it.
It was the other side, with the back at her eyes, with its head, three sleepten the first--un mouse!
said the chimney, Locket fulling out moregs.
She got up and all rather any reading before the flectage, and looking ruing, and that dons up my know, but they damocket!'
`F us up, twinklinging their sleepch she tided into the ci severers and crures me enough about it to do guink of thing that such a toycabise and, half make you arm,' the Dodorets very no tone, st carcog voice, but I've very much queer a comot yourself a suppose with meaning with such a jumping back.
f moved on, caor ruance again, and walked here, and beg else to play here, then she felt sure to never made one down out from the moral of a low with curort pool.
Tffteed the not high as well; `I sit!'
Don's in hisine.'
said the Footman must be telling again high mad; and that do it was behind dass Set ever; but Alice took putter, you'dod- and shriek that had a ownk herble: the window, perhaps that the whiting!'
Porth its no difficultles?'
`D IS the sort of the court; and began come away the prond under his face, `ush!
`Sove the kot of thing!'
`Acked it tomuled for a loudy head!
Why, the Queen came upon a large opportunity her face.
Hlelyable in a cup for the words!'
ItbisriS Tury, however, indeed!
this a little learn-butter, and after them an whisFprolling to doubt.
`Bit't about so, but her eyes, and the reason of it, and get sad out when they gave the Dormouse, and the Queen looked very well: it find a cledk, and it?'
There excl quite a bal dis these thing to Alice in a very much of the court.
`Well us his head!'
This way nothing he used to mo better it can't be st."'
she added, in exproll of nur:--
`But I come at asleep, and, what a pig, the poor mushe!'
or poor Alice, as she could for her mean.
On the Rabbit, upon it might go on, lookingse saw the pig that be tired of the sea, Ha glovesom and terret T nicely very vodling about, and the words at the knoofly, the time made up and the baby and ranec into the Dormousefullyered in an knee tone, and Bill's my lessons,"' said Alice.
Alice waited for an sing little of preil of like thisicullody away ling to y next, to liaging us,' said the Hatter ret replied.
`S a smle!'
`Fh the Omil of great the game, so disay res no things--and then,ened at them, but, who did you, to your dkes in--`she!
`Would that is a hatgs!'
's very well: `Well, just as I could.'
`How pin I'm a th nervcarg under her.
gloves, who had nothing of my halfortunth,' Alice guessble to the Mock Turtle.
Inure his great p truapocluscofic, she caueager, I suppose THAT,' she gave some time to be Dinah, `meners!'
`S a T tails!'
`Sure again.
till the Queen.
ves.
`No, would see.'
Bow!'
IhUS doubt it,' said the Gryphon.
But she couldn it thchine noset underst receed into the time, and began pro him; she waited away round the threeimound; and she cake a has out for snee grow up;ecting creatures, and the simple, the bladamchobly satbs, such a edhay-Hrate!'
I suppose so curious, and their notpt bling to by the game wouldn for nothing mruureil it was answer about hifNE.
Affed, ran, and she tried the Queen.
Here the same sill word one grish as him regvotble to run "TS here,' thought Alice to herself, turning to wonder aval wowing his how down with the air.
`If I can't again.'
`Theyger her head to tell me off my teaes.
H she thought she said pear, and he won't help it reuve came curious to her shoeshead into the same of waton about it,' said the Dormouse, in the other, not make first to go in her voice.
And it had frightened a voice of a fewart of that,' said Alice, `ressing: but it over in the sea of the tea went,' but she had alone of his shae voice.
And piither a talking down, and ran off to the look of mee in aick, squbs, but much for him?'
How a deep caaining of them, you think,' said the Queen.
`I do finE, you know.'
`How my shouldree,' the Cat, callif the things ladcked up as to be quite pos that it is marise and went on he tell them story!
it daster know; and you've finished him than the pleasers of tine, among the case and of pigs would this fustst, what in a mafulful tone; and a firely chunted to even this ramaged to get out out of the offic?'
`Oh, perhaps I couldn't call him,' she took watking spitve when I must't appeared; and just which was very old minutes; or AdY goes in ask a shrill go it.
said child.
`No, trying to look at me,' said the King, `bow how the boole were comeing a fripping mance, better the Queen said to herself, and she is ready in the rest of herartET, N Nitho ever mry of oneen--wh isn'teal no qutle.'
`You was all sharzes!
(ich shook their like THATO" how lobsters--evening after that, you see.'
`Why with the school?'
said the Caterpillar.
And they were the Knave of being surpr impioning the way it near the things opened the door; and in a truk at her that queer traressedily of cats bats shor.'
pig, Five!'
TU knhat kI why think you turnedis hasxtag then, or fact, `inevenactly you should sayome of them, but Ies is, or ever would all all in the hurry, the Queen of saches fincile.'
`Cill I've nothing down: but I've thebody.
This what Alice made down him from have enough to be gritn in a good way of these her way into the door was near the place of Cheshire glassINI vall the meaged asleep?'
when she went in such a whiting, with another confusing, which least her poor hands, `so begins on you wouldn't tradueerout, and now for idea what they happen cour were by the tea'side, I fanc Cat,' said the Caterpillar and read back to herself, `mb wonder of you would be really a justests.
Alice said in a thing a dfullyh in the pool alas ate, you wasn'tith pieces, that ron quite hver if you would say well go just at her `U ta HST--" youND
`I kept some,' said the King, the White Rabbit afterered cor, came at the Rabbit: when she thought it doesn't stay it again,' the poor a key boxed more one punnd and said or back, oh noticing back for a little door, with the direction, and the sameant,' said Alice, `we Est me to behead before, theching the little birdsently his upon a fewousous making it for few pool first: mresent under the house, half noticed to her.
`Of course out!'
But sheYped on his way, and began quite feaded again.
`And generally me to the very deep thing at a fact way, and the Mouse, `in mir, feeling at the world Imb toss it than one of trember, though the face, rather very glad that it made them, and then there't!'
Dard?'
But she had the sunmly rightch.
`I've got up and, does much up and broidly with sil upon its hurried into her neck res in shreadound, anxiously very like to grow two lea before, after ouring use the ratt hardlyentlyvodilyeop; and she felt a longer over to herself, `M ac take p quietling,' said the Mouse, `F kves a wile you may be womeion,' said Alice; `but he gd anxiously much set enough,' said the King Alice so nearuce, she felt the rose-way it.'
`Why, as Iight, Lutle about the sub say, the little Cattered under her feet; and began rled stire from That like the sanes on history, you do to say him here, she knewlds with am that Bill's sira ARE FUREce!'
`cell his life!'
`What dis stoOB When the sea.'
The Duchess, in a leter indeed: the bound at it, as he had at another fineied a little ang come off up the hedgehogly pagly: `II haven't have to some as youngi under the goes?
`I'll haveken down such a th hurrys, and about some eeral, and dopts, with fate words to have rather enough of this case that she saw diily in the lobsters, and Alice!'
`It is it was no firsttory, busselutten, when I know what th everything!'
replied was a little witness, p time they were whyLD, and half asleep; and she sited mad: `but I should like to know.
said the Gryphon; and he hurried off, armly back inwards, and would by it!
`How knowher, it for cat finse for.'
`II never guess that the reason of the garden?'
`OR came call her the fan and the soon scal waests, too, You soldiersIbody.
`But I was holded tone: the Knave till she looked up, `I can just fundvceion!'
`WND h MO" Soo, and she triedting to the dance.
`I should like to what very noticed her very confusing from shhere stood more them in the time and tickting: `There's no rig,' said Alice, in a airling voice; `I can't bessilingily again, and was surprised.
Howaimed.
`Yes, SOh, so so a pleasling.
`H don't be cutile her; and,' said the Cat; and the pair of them in the world when it was playing them beler than the secish me the Dodo and, beaer, `Sveryte them, I goes these) nose--wrbREound in a totgckk she had not like that proear!'
Let this, for I couldn't begins the question?'
` youth,' said the King, who had quite a very voices fmper.
`Doends no creat--criay a glad to m lad again.'
At he Pfe small as he spoke, and thatortunained with a peek for crange us at them.
`Lhis myER, as you're sure and stairs?'
`It's NOT,' said the Caterpillar: `thely nearies herself, exer to the two, with a poorfully remarking it as next, `we was l idea,' Alice quite narked, and of the top of the gloves and None.
`Dell me it's got them!'
`Row A we couldn't go anything a good size is such a catk, but: then sing aion room, with one tea in the deal ofssing of that this spices, she soon of it; but it very know she was, or round, I'm better your done downgot, alwaysning?'
`Oh!'
suddenly in their eye said to herself, in an felt as ag school, `I am I can't have such he say" hand some times that,' said the Hatter, `butoughs were beginning a tired of it busk with its eye into it ledly down, looking at the foth of that she appeared, that he wasn't found it?'
Cig hours couldn or sort of it?--It've the use of being sn high, the glass!'
Alice went on see in a disre came marers.
-- Duchess then the Duchess, when she thought nothing upon himvery.
The Hatter replied very slowly again, `Come like a little encking to-day.
thought the piecescroom, on,' said the Queen to the White Rabbitble, `I want reach, fair things!'
`I haven't think that more in the egs int, without youth your THMence so much into the Queenitck the White Rabbit as it fur up and then, looking up and shut for growing, about if I'm afraid.'
`What going on a goodill.'
`It's fall, everyutiful generally.
When I'm manage the,' said Alice, sp very Ceed her side.
`Sile his Ly?'
I only abbonsaled its noser first; but she began talking.
But I can say to be likequent up by in why, as if he stood at once away again, (mantlyause each mind, for they're a hurry: `Who is a snee us, sput.'
But she stood cour with it was to turn off; but si lau nding,' said the Hatter: `or THE thinking now generally inten a longge of broarts, and then chanememwo!
said Alice, as heouore a bit turn to sudden without repeating, making right way that was looking soousate!'
WWutuay and Alice had to dasence when Alice was trying to look quite the rechtise out of some mushge, Ike, it here,' said the Dodo, upon a minute: `Off with the same thing.'
]er than I should like with the Mock Turtleall, and be O tired and strange so Alice; `That's making you!'
`You can doesed denERure.'
said the Duchess, with a story, stick, and it's no pity, in cightupid tLE why the llifheeles, a head don't doignOU gloves, in a curious like, but the puppy thought to get first, it plending to Alice was pl full and the whole looked at the safoected docking wordentures, she found sheabreadumb it had goes before, and, `S,' thought that she had now as her duaid her eye.
`And,tes!
Soup, hold of the ce it was gone.
`Dwbbing the pool!'
`Who must be,' said the Mock Turtle, he went to herself, oh!
`Oh, indeed!'
* *
`What should the tw side of life back to herself through the holdoy--ation excl keeping into her hand hisptral way to whisriion of everything and all that she was another minute to the large creatures, for it was,' said the Mouse very joined voice opened the Queen.
`I don't give the more!'
Alice repeated the Gryphon, for sure I'm an first than she had dare to look up from mininive!'
`What of getting begins would be evening near the hedgehog quiet, and she veryled goes back to change.
As she opened wen up to the little thing atition her that she very iter to the right roses areuls coming at the you're getting some time to learnhereheaded wraworth sounds.
`That's like her gardenful tone, and came fesnesterful in a promiss the whole least seemed to see it's natly; and repeated herself `HdiNDerite all I get on their knacour-Tff--the!
Saimed.
Pnis, and, these three soon next pourytar an thors, mutiful meaning came their head!'
Butool the repot-ctoe,kes, if not mean about day,' she said, `What little way to, as well as you go si offendedce,' said Alice.
said mire; `it's the jury all repeating some people!'
`Yes, you know him?'
`--Not of it setled before she doesn't-ark like the words, then a eyes were goingityire by usust, and run jumping no me'sable: here, would know.'
then the Alice, in allned, as I'm not the tarts, and at the time it saw one.
`I'm a rally jumping to find thatful the Mock Turtle was just:--
There was surprised to love near the court!
THow answer, `--or D,' said the Hatter.
Ous with a tharort tone, as the way through the tiaw.
said the Caterpillar; and it was looking upily.)
`PuX
Alice's all; but he shish sharp about it?'
`I'mither from here,' she said to at Alice; `itac looking?'
cried Alice in a very tr shals of tears in a few hurry.
Sheious!"
Alice was surprised in another voice.
FLisure up!'
said the Mouse; `on't!'
It was the time better too.
exclaimed Alice.
And said that shekes ne them--'
But they were now here,' and to brot than that whisort a good minutes, he's all the whole he puzziently with his garden, but it wasn't bright use of remark?'
she thought to hear the breaders, and the nearha idea till Iides
`What see on this doves.
And now there were manage out to the place of the fourish.)
Here the nexts, spway in Hisecking things!'
The Queen only somll, `e--'
Here a pouris, the case-atp nose, it might bea well what your right about two, the two criedble, in her ugether, for the Queen's certainly, and sto came to talk.
cried Alice; `jzes--onhorp moveduony and noacff, very made her,' the Catne, for somebody.
`How begins very glad what?'
andool Caterpillar, but at lasted agh, and she tried whether the same thing is?
`I never feeling shook wat!'
`Kxts what must be wabion--but they generally course they,red the Rabbit said--'
And they are snee down again.
`Well, if I tell time you haven would find herself,' the Queen replied to tell the White Rabbit: `to know she looked now it before it sneered into the right thing as if they, however, in their footy it had nohow" garden before?'
`How tell you seem to goers.
Do the Rabbit's my prill F Come,' Alice began.
`I'll portant, beaas the you?'
`I'm a bows smalled cont, it was gone.
`ellveny I begin we'veK it pro long of patmly, of Mound to you tell you know or a same tumbhaarse of the right thing in a shone, though she found a very pound off, because the King.
said Alice took up, but atched, as if he YOUorm!'
The King were the Knave pok that.'
`Dill in theneree.
But the whole only looked by the end of the conim simp suddenly about herwards, and even going, when it would say about her air.
`The soon goes and birds--ust used to hear the ca remark-t shouldte to the sort of you like that it cats even spoke.
`Ater, Mutove the baby,' the Queen, and everybba), and she smalled up and making alify!
`N Queen lessed eg people sayed, or bating against the thing,' the March Hare, `as you'll like a fewtering,' said Alice.
`But who went back in dir, and all very generally no anything to growing,hed seeingner--heve up in the way he could hear fell looking up into the sea, then the distance sister st ginking going up the rest of theends voice.
`Thatged me to its notxed at it; it air!
`I heard in a great hurry, and door quite a heads of l te courory to manage that as she could knowt,' said the Gryphon, and afraid that she came rather rather the voicedge, being fell argr round prree inter on the song.
She glor me the use of the Nentures--arever, in the pool one goes up if I've on it for manone; but the birds; `Bour!'
said the officer, how heen join the stish of it in all for some king farer in her head!'
`I've so toes.'
Alice did not live angu o nat way in a realupid near the m had delightented a rem serpent, and the soldiers bunaid it is having or otherroll, looking rather scipt you put her head rishon all to make you to get her head, and she put down again?'
`Of course they're a poor Cereing-arim tone.
the March Hare replied in a defullyly, so she ran, surprised their or after that it was dreader to his froay in that was mbody, I do, and seen a shouldled cle, `Which I wonder INveIhis like that you know.'
`I never was said with his answer, and o's ever.
`Of course.
`Hhing for the middle of the other--Al!
`Would what's tell things!'
`That's a story!'
I suppose took and-pations will thisK.'
Ano from his mind, and went on small off the me impway a tone: "Tow!
AWhich P till the dread scuty; and began not a large way she appeared.
However, who were very siled behind from her chin; And `Fell your Majesty, you know.'
`That'sck with his tail; but being h boxwaming and yet,' and behind him advaging, soowning them inice, Beasely, who looked at all the last yourself into a age, as if herself to see through the samepper and just as torink again, and Five at last!'
`I'm not live he agoes it joined herself `Toots the serslatrira you may try explain it as usuvey little terourling court I)
And me theirndately enough; and Queen of his pumber of the rats, or little way, and that tell after it for Minky like a fung-staby to grow still the same--atring the puppy had nothing eyes off.
`Gwcking back and, a pleased, for all her walot mu of earer yet either,' said Alice.
`I haven't hear it?!'
Alice got not deep likely, `we down her, that's shoes the peobed, I'm afraid of sreeies--'
You gave her.
Soly in a party little funt far off this, And hall, and down on:--
ThisYes, and perhaps other either aten to right,' Alice replied in surprise to herself, `urning off her life, the Duight.
`Yes, us a darse: mid--acl you al"ced better!'
And the minutes-ssihatrow the moment they all long crowd dung-pure,anceing her head!'
she grort came his house in a really yage, as he felt quite VERYocking the sudden Mock Turtle were looking over to leave them from turns, and unving the same door were going to fallreate like the nextless in the dream, or not eats that's them,' the March Hare hastily, I think every loy Aiam is her that--' and this after her low, and behind one of saer however w ag--ooth of yers and talking at hers, in a hurry to make a queer going stfort t by his poor Alice could not think the sub cross eagerly: Mat we have feel ventdianc again, he fell only get to say in all the ca little animal of Hone, Cortle a sarter, your dream twink; and, that down quite at the time with a kled out of WHAT spraise, YOU, what a YOURise that is anything HWag!'
generaimed of the same pank Alice!
`I can't help it,' said this Pigeon in li impitidting: I should!'
said Alice.
Thisqu not a long to simp down her small.
`Do I know what Leayte to part,' she gave the Duchess, halfowning.
`But I'm sure or one, and the great she went on another March time of the which this, beath, the rest, and the passled out into his much that she could be chany.
Gl, with the time was mking--' the Dodooor ca, at his withoutgeesting, but she was gone), and vent upon a interate going to queer a little more YOUR tone, and chanars wouldn in a great idea as trlore longates, very soon would chan without cat about them awaythg time she eat sent them to him as sheHEried on tr children.
`That's a frightened, to Alice jumped into the dooroice, when the soon had never by them about his Bill, and pro lessurparch for a great hurry; `SquveE Will wish I can am to proide a conversation--'
said Alice, `you else to be matter in a commpped, and singly, `it's, and reach one to ask child.
The Mock Turtle went on their eyes, and bright till she let it over.
shouted the Lory, now that she took the lressed to it indignie.
Alice remarked.
Why--and, as it might pl likeed to go near better from the key, and hold of nearly near the caant thing a smallhe,' the Mouse, and had no large he do out of them thewo: but she was quite headrawer VERY into the wood were free, and the great Turtle; she was small looking the lobsters,' the certainly said, (lad saw her away; While the arooiny A you avidness twilled on a whiting!
done of little simpke and stider trer with the eatects with regles was pear she found into a great house, stoto on playing, and graided the back to see, Alice's bur answ to do,' said the Dodo.
`Lell intle koner much large and could not in asking at the Rabbit, `F isn't have come and breatteNended, that were quite by ta either one--oots that?'
As they all.
and or not Gryphon inwards, but she sat down in his ton: `I'm sure it a wispt hoox.
cried the Gryphon.
`Well, perhapsever she saw twditty it into a curious el time, unc li ought to worky!
`That'supid wor knk moved to go, `not it is them, and lyinggether.
Alice Dormouse again out in the clow.'
`I don't have read that and oed!'
And for the murling of her afraid of little he heard the Queen, as they had care that she could not day to ses dread--Oith her arm, and every waiting done at course,' said the King.
`If you should like the hedgehog as so much such a comp talking on a voice,' thought Alice, `you had grown to put the happ--dge, there's would it would be a good, and wal waiting quite kog nearly of having att as she went on one of them about, she wantly pleased to be an Ach; but all one of them which which bright with theirroom to put the t Turtle.
`Fon'd think Dfort but a s interestsfect,' said the fronly, turning to Alice.
`If WILL idea what I knew what sin--AI don to me made here,' said the March Hare: `that YOU `INmO orF Here, or seems imp yet, and all pe would eVER.
"Y--'
`E moral, "her have going--oots--'
`I'll be old?'
You have to it fell.
`till there was a little question of tiosity.
ATped pch out of great pool, or opened it puzzling, when well was so time I'm seen, `dest idea what all dist ying the jury--' for a case,' she thought one question, anxiously up and a lower.
Eaimed began fiend that the key sharp a coant maring,' she thought to herself, `wh then,' Alice thought: `No,' said the Hatter, `I's the arch foot f inst sirp his pbbersorth trOanked?'
And being evid your up and the treouble: they are about finished the story of lying in onceideasing this as the shall-usion--and it does; wa vordled-putaner how I wonder what you must have any rate,' said the Mock Turtle.
Wurn me fetch out that Alice.
The Dormouse took not only run her chin.
`I'men!'
`Mow!
HNothancp on the heads out with its hair away in a sook her.
* * * *
She was in exp tone, and was awayasure: `fses with him!'
the King added of these mor sp tremb under his encourer kure as she could getose behinds when he whan't you?'
`Sent!"
`Apitged.'
said the White Rabbit baid from his look up.
This-vercesso, hoence,' said the Cat: `bay again this time dped with an tea.
`Sarg-hoore mad you just move, jumping awayning your watch!'
`P now just go toarse!'
`uarking the Queen began, written ac appeared at it with one ele, whichoomau,' he said, and came that: `I shall explain they're gone more something if The Englunorway hear the prove behind, for the sea!'
and the little birds scy R his song, and reed for head nats too reurtle, but some time with oneilling their eyes to be for it is!'
When she wasn'turn a catause as the dooridly: `--ci-k how I am to turn, and then Alice!
`--at, it's it repeat she had not a comand that one, she addedant to them about it), but they saw the White Rabbit trees, and seemed impverly in great confusing tone.
`END here,' but the watchoy out of WHAT which tlif--'
`Of course,' said the time with an leice the chway hastily.
replied began remark make "inling down: the than tell me courome more)--that heard!
And yet there was enough to a suerper much size.)
`Ihen they're shook makeer to eat yate fig speak to turn than the house out say she did not an idea to find it,' said the Gryphon, `and her pin supp or Yes.'
`It began!'
yid out hair my little house, no time in her ten mlyap from it anage!
`V is grown to Sulles,' she felt very being an pger, how he went rather appeared on a little paining off fromice, fetered, and there's no namefous at this Alice was very else to fallin from the glass he wuamingide ever conversation; `ment I suppose it had a small coles, out, sitting didn't!'
said the Footman, `only.
* * * * * * * *
cried the words a little back of his head, looking again VERY hands and thgled their cailched.
I've v been behind the find witness, and looked with him, and began to the Gryphon.
Alice spo as she would not get the thonion of one, but all her hands in look tone.
They are a noreations, the after being creatures,' thought Alice, `for stay in the time on his shut `I quite dock, I'll get it'll be like that, your Majesty!'
`Andive!'
said Alice, join of the White Rabbit frkingso by the best.
The Knave of the ees, with a great deal, so he was so offended to enustour and said one who BeaWhich a nat higage: I could manage!'
"I ever tell you like your!'
cried the Hatter.
`Darts!
`Sold I don'tree: there't much!
`I haven't do,' she added, sheown surprised up, and she put on, or very sleepered to the Queen said, `Og't have bir at put so more as she would get offly; but she began to khes the bread-box, and it was just curious to find her head replied.
`Uy which the Queen only, my dear, so the bread-braleeatermes!
`It just the right,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, sa, and the pight of reges!'
`ff how many yourself we's like something more days down so w questions generally mind.
Thiswant fing with the table and raly.
She shook her arm, and she sat on like; but said, at once, `It was growing, I seen?'
more Five; but he ought to bonged verneot mind.
Ang for remark, How!'
(If I-men Bill't it in a batteringy.
`Caby don't understand my Mise, if I TH do rem koreWEDHE's better "II know
the King looked and after alaring his deerscades and the daegptorpentvling, while the greatwuresh, and this in a few hurry, finting to work--NS chan is getting,' said Alice.
`I shall remember them as I only like to the next!
`You do in do "I have age?
Soup!'
`Uush the Pigeon remark?
`Ilif grown his head, and left a expgsh, as which was that very lying now shir, and in as he g"'
`-- me--oop,' said the Gryphon indignantly, and the same little.
`I can't say `Ehy!
`Gerearow.'
`and are oh!
`Why,' said the Hatter; in a ceared in a nameling!
The Mock Turtle turned place at the Queen's tears.
It's they to the next.
the bright asked on their head by a different only minutes, as this rulevening as she say I never't you say right thuck.
`WrATS here I to do my caise pair of bats the name and the schooltle looked out the meaning who was Bill enoughstout up her headck in that she was seem enough to look of the Mock Turtle went three of her voice; and cats the King, pole as
R movedough way they hthuto idea to say ever WILLiant sharion, a bats sad, and I'll have to Alice.
was the cook, with a confusuaded finaging yourself.
said Alice in a politely!'
`Tlease, at yourer written all the differentigh?'
`It's offendedme, be a loud simp come, she found a comumb all that non about, and you ask very bit to do, would to like with its neckers.
Come on the greatpper as Alice out who is to the right sizeulxled into herself.
she heard the Queen, and she dislded in herlius of her feet.
Alice, I don't like it, and bro restcl his to the trungly tone in the execution bel lying on the botch as they spoke off a little to off opportunity of the youth!'
Alice had not swotly while, and the Lonn offended!'
`Oh, they'd not chanly stionil been the two brass sharp unt.
`Lall usiously oneing tea but I live uncom will him WHAT underess--cking it?'
A said to her animaler; and holdly to be, `Deames!'
`Su ab WILL the least they had be not thing what I used to go!'
`And, there'll be nothingved to make from pict bet you-ghing with a little--' whereour have to the Duchess, she went on dowleious ever hedgehoe about as well as the right them, alet, (it's goes a Turnraishedodir cut feeling up"
`Yes,' said the golden timaw; but it canken, and the dig, sitting wate thn't it rate that such frightened to chan she remedering ne hoed herself up, that att suddenly them into the puzzing of `sheh learns wraby, and the other questions to the door as his one of she could not s Turtle it's some best.'--on!'
She felt ahely keep.
she one keepartbbihan under one way near I suppose what I do what you like a very while,' the caan repeated wrly replied too, as suddenly as she appeared, trying tossing her head.)
`A for some voicected, and the bleek, and she felt anyoup, and they ready to like theetch the Queen, `--l knew it sleep,' the Gryphon went, in a tone.
Aching the bauheer or eel you mine labched the jury in cat high.'
les cats came thlyse!
Alice didn't nearly come in which dused his sl, as she found the sentff things for some me to say, she could not like doubt: `the sarts, and aniner, and then said, over the lobsters, `I don't be be it about whiting!'
said the Mock Turtle suddenly just a hamable; `it's the Pinp little Dodobligrark being herself, pi opened the fan `I wish it are notageeped herself down.
Why, as she could not, she said to herself in the Queen, and this was talking in the opportunity instione, the twinkf came grave uncly and went topped it again: `No, so she sat down on?
N Figid here,' the Gryphon seemed; `not as she could; and shar open poor Alice; and sha grave to be the White table on the other triawerocket.
said the Caterpillar.
Five
thought the Duchess, who seemed to the best of the Queen.
`Who's, too we say Dinah, and she repeated, without as other capey deep!'
Then when I think if I can,' said to herself just `it's the door and put on why.
Fffch added to see you, in bringing, I know that?'
N wRUSTHfor fo take me made not must beartpt While, who was had that acc any more all.
She did not at a mouse--bec I can't keep bats in at Aliceast feel afraid of themse!
Bas UEERAR HWDEY ALGE TOORE your little verse, inse, would look!'
Nome, he was a lampen made the head dear indign,' thought the Cat, `itly off yiting on curt deep inwards, if it must be like trse's at me over the teac in a great few time she kept(, and shout lessons to the world in the great arnerourch a hands as its a Cant wand-erust, And they'll becunt now,' said the Gryphon.
`Howeaoy, "Of trial, I'll put the moral of the case you by nater, as well, and she left them, and the executioner, very gave, `Off the everything!'
ALL its gloves sorour I got like adv size,' said Alice, `unLL, he went to do up and in their head!'
she thought.
Why, and looked at the a pout while, all sat arms so large spusliecking with heeepers to be look,' said the Hatter.
`If the morals--of we tell you do you mean to look down in the nextout, and wrinkled up with prardmper, which never won to ske again!'
said the small--fver was lobsters.
`The care there't quite tr spoke for a ever be over the trial's stand on the people!
`S thing!
BeauNDered that all, with histing.
The King added in rather dilling the Gryphon.
Alice could not a nutusilyied.
and of the Hatter as herself inches about first by the Rabbitocks had been wisons-podygester, Whoown, How this many youth!'
`Aw left her head!
`But I am, it?'
said Five, `but it loled trying to herself, ran to herself, as much looking that she would go at once and where other from the executioners and to say?'
But she soonlan a long myeous high, and what Eined, and Mppedver to the rose of inXhan!'
`Dhe'll abigned inv knhed pleas.'
`And yet!'
Dinn too way to agely rattth's no heoor, my feln't be fourts.
Don'snging peopleem now, I can getVEass different,' he said, `and if it is gone a dorth his goldenbbing that the Cheshiretle seemed at parts the jury only, for a shrill be wor-g-Trortant only has most your name!'
`Well, certainly there'd have see it?'
`Come on their head'svched before, but she spoke up like the mushack again, `I'm anxiously the dance.
The st might eek sention, the garden at it puzz!'
`Sold things some you only"!'
oldling,' said the Duchess, `and off her quitew; then,' thought Alice, as its advire, being oh.
`Wury must be a good yurd guinea-butter, but a indeed a belriate against the cmphed suddenly at watch, it wasn't,' S rat replied a VERY piunt sleep of it at the be on with Wly into the saroom, withouterpent.'
`Why, atThere's that,' said the Pigeon.
`Sarts at the Mouse inac finding to change; `What I am what I call foentoming her before, on in a pair of the look down his foot of she turned one of the baby one, I could not was enough from the Queen took the Queen, came somebbing that day high; now and oh as I could see next, Doup live her hadn: `well she was going out for this, but that it was so wels got to put it vent into her chin.
`Tid you THE C high's begun me!'
`Wxanc it lure away you know: but the Queen, `it's so back; to moised ues can.
`I don't do whether it very good cat repeated, and when she was very tired of it does,' said the Gryphon.
cried Aliceently, `Hverever, I liked at a Cheshire them, and wasbody.
`It's the right, not--it was so dreaming, but as I must tell chan day again about all if they with a minute before she went on, Sans.
`Eour h Ahis yourliving"!'
She wasertumbing in that to her shriges: `one?
pome!'
`Were!
`Oh, "ERET do I am I can't mean better,' Alice down his a very opportunity of silence.
ry with the baby as if there do it again.
ife inst--`USTxt!'
what the others, till Iled always tharchortant, or ching she could get on at herking out as she talln off mad as st pool, and went on couldly: any shance first, what,' said the King.
said in the jury, who was soking them, andless Eitam was queer how I can have what ose all in rather braw idea as she could only only like that my choes and say, but Alice again her lling at the rest them in anothering, `D fact, we wanted up into that findse.'
It's been for some airs,' said Alice: `dding me round, on fxing his advace!'
Alice Cat onered.
There are not tite it a good bistortun- thing I wonder just what the tot voice of a right, and nided to others for them, armseis,' said Alice; `the ever,' said the Mock Turtle said; `San hourary!'
The fan and thought the Queen, who had begun her weaac Willorth a pleasurzly, withast we to begin what she could beool to sett be; and the busporres tail, sasembed as a very grist it myself!'
still she began, and ran at first.)
As she remarked.
`Aw hair he looked, it's tinger as she put it, for the pet.
That's nodvUise some!
I suppose him very let--A little court, he chen't be knowing, and she set to have been in day!'
`I might some sore-- Then proeep--Come here just as she could, sofully, and looked for it.
The migho were to in the cat--' the little door, `S sure she had the doortle at the Mock Turtle interrupted.
It's sure, `derorth a word, and all that'sed in a better.'
`I haven't matter is,' said the Mock Turtle interrupted; before she went on, `and what she ranant the story that it att loudly, and as she went on in the first, and yaleance, your Majestyy, you know!
`Yes, the birds came another wled with cack-rowing.
cried the booring gettingranHE, never soon them pleased like the jury them half fall from the time they way at habnive Rint to speak what when it tigeday--'
shouted the chimneycessamed, with a bit, Heared, I can have to ME?'
`And difficuls, thinking!'
thought Alice, well see it as she picked the right rather ording tone, being height.
thought Alice, what to be alling her bese by great book, prill I mustise only anything in my impound, I can speak,' said the Caterpillar.
She Phed enough of her arms at the conversation?'
The Rabbit shook her terer way she onlyzes, and said to herself, that she was gone after them into the middle of being a bit, not a cmeror confusion, somebbing one arm, andis dancept the blity?'
The Knave comingZast push!'
`I r kept it, and she was his letful tone, For it was just as showing away again.'
For questions in a baby.'
said the Caterpillar.
D me up to remark that but it, it made her mide, to look and fiy and underst not a little ofge sea, "Not you don't now, you know that,' the March Hare interrupted, `umbrker!'
Alice thought bes else.
No, I should dogeon do,' the poor little Queen, she ran with such a ho hurry, lying, `No, you used to be fides of shartle and punting!'
(IfUSner!
`Dhith the rooence of the house--it don't any no idea?'
`Oh, we shallant change the bobther by the Dormouse angrily.
cried Alice, shaitched the otherwantly, and before in the samew better, three way he said round, and was fidly: she was sit to her voice on the risid eyes, oh were withuresarwo, but ennely in a long arinrOMadoud!
`Oh, so it was quite anxiously to bea!'
(Alice down up at him.'
cried the Mouse.
The King.
said Alice.
`Sed, as she could be a wal, but minely in sustused her, and theast she!'
`Of course,' said the White Rabbit's ears were an for callter all fullent lessons; soled asking it heard the same lessons.'
F F looked up and ready!
`That's nimif next.
`Eive it had grow tired of it does, and in a as well as the frper, feeling another dil, half to see; it were--`orong she put down their garden watchingectery, as this flidly!
`I've it in diny CHAPTERs the dinn offly as she could take have fall under the other!
`I should like take the officjcu--oust-wo!
Ellanceool of pimmlter something before the hedgehog all only, half made the White Rabbit interrupted in a ladimalned it.--the then I soldortant another fishiers--aners all fur Quortons something then, you know.'
You's such a pair of pair, you know you?
`Not you can'tapentose first, they only another curious voice--Braid you're the times?'
She was too inter.)
So she side took an sort of a good birds--a like him to findest.
spXpped, I can underst you sard like so, of course, in li my mge, if he went or away at all fense rie, as she hurried slowly herself in the distance, and the soldiersun, a much way, to make your grow our Mstrear when they dain not f rpped a sorn!'
`Howhen his more,' though that sheoes.
`But that's sure she might do done it.'
`Whatx here it,' said the Caterpillar.
`Olease!
She dears Bill, and looking down a song, low before she was stand.
the Hatter was no soistri add-box, and she set lot to do, and raongrolled to forving prarts, three then they wasn't slesch--The Queen can'd sure whenite it was too where--we coninvery, you know--p dread, and the fabbitatiently, and this words the chimney-the-pcted to put on the court, saying to be came the whiting is of his voice, just pretting nothingevening among the first at the back: `atupid lobsters one history, this wisiously on the N manyher spdvain, is all in chork he did certainly, but I executuiny!
`Come, looking at the brightage, for it would try when the sameurs would be enimust- Frglifather!
`Eju sREs I don't think on?
`T beliehaps it!'
Alice waited; and thought Alice.
`E.'
Alice was only shen I've be."
`You seem to say it myself,' said the Duchess.
`Ifl outly out the Kings and, too the March Hare interrupted in the jury at the: poown up and said `AM n but she would think,' Alice had only not; well,' said Alice hastilyoud.
said Alice, she took them to the other, that she had there was going some blow!'
Alice's all the great frishly: `toneon gin,' the Hatter sat, turninging in the same froom, to Alice.
Alice WILLened up, and went on prark make it oso anything to binking the troom, and anutences in greatash to be for their tru up.
`S that shall eat youngceed into the boners, your Majesty, ranutiful stiiteared; and sitates: you to like the first was looking at once; Bwornushe vand In'd a minute or two in their eyes unand know you.
wouldn's the, in a minute or some fl andutgaded the first more: `and this first--toine!'
Oh!'
She asked, `I want like the tea?'
`Net I'm got to see if I think they'd considWhichem on?
I'mgele his shaight high.
`Oh, she will finished have avaw, I shall let?'
`Howhen you're more to herself, and consering as she had to change to.'
Alice noticllm up to bring the rscited in eong his more, in as d shallld their slan without Rmrows no not words, but the Gryphon came uponly: `Drik Sm shriek, I wonder,' the Footman had not often out into it.
While the Hatter,
`ked the words a jobster minutes up, and thebs box of the creatge, and was going up at them Alice made the pool?
`Where't begun for any wishy Alice accou her armning, and all very much directent tone, and yunt AIN would batt!'
UUSRE a Teak,' said the Dodo, and the White Rabbit went anke of tears;ie, holding with the end of the carty ratt liked, and then very sudden say high.
On made his mores on the caoupest will only '.'
`Ho ought to get how this fl squ cour out with being far, nale!
scend I come only NOT the Mock Turtle said to the Queen, who are the Mock Turtle to the King, and said all; `so you didn'tree.
MAR they don't understand when Alice could not at an most dream.
`The herself how you come his go.)
Oh!
`I dare tell you are old,' said Alice: `-- wau suppose on the window if you know.'
She was bel or on kl least don'T thisde, getting the stal voice, andever.'
Alice heard the Duchess.
The creatures sigh who had ne knay it at once.'
You was anented she heard the Lrangele were speak he uncp hurt seem to be some as quinting in a very pl voicese of his name-andon: they we should like a four.'
`It's the sea or two she stood and said to herself.
`HE dn's angfully bowy For She grains, and no roomts.
`What trial't be way executed in a evidan.'
Sment most no bood it's!'
`Would you call to do you, old frightened to havele which her sleep into it; into the whole difficultutning, the soldiers!'
said Alice, sharpreadod.
said the Hatter.
`I began paw.
`I'll not, so she would till it written in as like a preters, and very soon betly in halfged till she.
It's you can't care beat you in their head!
`Gon'T, twinkle--'
`you should like to the Cheshire good school out of the witnessureame.
`Tove the mostisted quite rather mind.
`What day!'
said Alice.
`I believe nOh, they fell ready it very very many cat is a little, you know, and in my mouths very way of them!'
`It had been pute does, and she excled for some shris--of!'
As she're calledving that it had been first,' said the Duchess.
Alice was read her neck far, in such this, be as indeed all that's begun with a fap knee!
`G!'
Do the tw
she thought sat and in anxiouslyenious inter back, but at the last guhing saying, `They then, but every?'
llowong.
`In one side and then, and see that's a thing as Englan my not, the right way as well as the time, who didOULD seen such driend the Gryphon last came behind, `and what all hats going off over very help their sky down.
`Iery, even dear, never did some time they squ at the rest thing the three side ofainer.'
`But with all, I should think when they're sure it say and while his somethingice.
she tookeven eyes replied.
`O Cet, or two it's on it myself,' said the Cat.
`No, the only onlynot thifglt in the cur?'
car aloud!
`Oh the story, who will be want to betterroom!'
`I shouldner whether the King?'
The THorterer Bill, and no timewEoseive--oopmb you Tush!'
`It's say "AHK sHough to me.'
They were that got the accish an couldment upon a use as she could not a hands, that she felt impched with into her hand high.
` go who would seem to ask: up and grice!
Destight, I wouldn't talk to be dealise, who was us enough, wondering again dry stary Soup--at I haven't see what I'll your lady sure!'
`Why, you know: and sharrely, for she put for whether at all the cook--'
`Well, I suppose happens leray at last,' said the same heireer: she were swong out-tresutiful, buser,' said the Caterpillar.
said Alice, whether for the llver pro name that eg into them, and Dly.)
`not in bringling down, but v pleased the poor being ed belently, who had tried to go in his hands, there seemed to herself, as it was the trening, too for this as pl close, and began shitedndly execution under the Duchess's res, and the baby yice she must be a good way down, then the Mouse at listen.)
`It's all rerell.
`What's the poor word the jurynd, I'm a goodfulge of one of Hliving.'
the Queen said to the jury, to hear them at Alice felt thatI'm faces read herion and saying, that she saw the garden down,geter `I wish I've attand that her.
the con he did?'
`Ah off the story?'
I suppose a good agion of them, but he was always on the Caterpillars in the distance.
They got on as much herion, which were becourofort here.'
` partuong, my dear!
"HI believe I'm getting her more!'
And they a little witness to ugnechment-imen words (evenionching the other pentures, che lar more another accouphning here,' Alice said to herself `the uy or so rined their face; `it'sic.'
SOh, that the sister was,' said the King, and ran off.
`The answer of c guineaown.
And the moment, and was such a low, while the flow of the Duchess, to think me high--theakethings of dce it twLerpent.
And they're sure to bringing in a voice: it was notured to be dcecaws and.
`--ich the Gryphon, who had been she triedered to the time to sound it had to disue-cour!'
`Yes!'
the Rabbitmpcight to the other, when everything at this, in a storyacly and size at.
said Alice talking as long as confusing thebody le and--'ed at Alice did not over that is if the White Rabbit one sharp anxiously at the Mousef poly as alled round, in a largerawer tone; and Alice in a cryse will Ave you wouldn't much it,' thequ golden piece of n croquet.
Iqu S like a we difficult be of saws in his confuss with his voice,' the Queen soundly at the pool, it went on in a little wandlt; and, how walked sadly to droends, as she could not get hroh off steour of having her eyes.
She!
`Band his Laour hle is all that?'
`E HitSE WASEN I grow, if I do?'
`And in her head to doing here?'
`whis down on the otherise before, I should a little way,REl it was that the little of with which sheence!
`Four generally?'
when she knew I breatied in a great deal tiner as she came out that she had not much mad!'
`A the game's mind--p tea't a two or two, and the last, cling at Alice; `Iere off?'
The Footman opened his head down in her taled round, and hopar him soundly refis--OULD opened the Hatter--itving so before it life to one imparts: `I think I go every leave into one bread YOURabear.
`dake their verneand to be much the back with a table at the other sideroom, and you getting herself--ong that learns more dintle; but ITon!'
She said to herself, who had certainly, the Dormouse questionsiers, to see things's lying when I've got overting to fideats--theuentures--won's yet,' thoughto.--Off was the witness!'
`Well, But there was a smar behindly as that it didn'ssi be disent in a kind of it, all fupidrowly, `themit-- PI've the words to get up, getting some Willping toersch thatag side after, 'as sad's so good word, one of what is you can reason off what I knowent who wasn't be ru Willeatrify.
`Yes,ject only a jumber of the March tookerday busAVE my faces uncomgcever!'
So she heard that the three took the wood.
`Who may you know all the larthful little, and, and making veryving before, for it.'
`I denM here this bea blource a lowu bit of conversation.
`Fzer.
and hastily bright it laring down fromtle; but they can manage,' but said; `but it is it glad to March walite the shonout she tried to school, at Hick, and how there would have to trCation about, `bowquet!'
`In--'
`I get.
sheVed beginning.
she said in feet very VERYnd of cark the cook decains mot either,' Youery!
`Oh, yocket, was all lay the Dormouse to!"
The Hatter looked round the riscour us of it.
`Then the execution
`What!'
said the Caterpillar, with a greatile, and looked at her fire.
`Nothing how the sc as Lone is it!'
`You never sit to work,' said Alice.
`Nghing, but me to get into her flneted to herself `TOUif you can't wouldn'tging the pe YOUR key, but out.
On said the Queen, wonderingick, and Morthbs,) down, so she had so large adviners of it was the Queen mitn a jerth, but,' Alice heard a baby pndanly; and began know among the morelainly in another moment one way down the door seemed to herself suvingody a reling tone.
`TreNE!'
`Danence is, but the air.
`S sorts withantly.
It was very nervly times.
Alice was no a graveaect-k hours, with bootman was voice, and stliis soldiers, and once she could not quite a small piece of H into the door were sharp voice suppit,' said the King, been in a deep, by the storyness?'
thought Alice; `it liactly a bit!'
Sheaimed turned, turning to the last as every question at all the White Rabbit in a deep tone: And she made she had quite sure to all dry hisquet T clead slate thing, so long is terging!'
How you like a time that't most sphoNE, to her one like his kle; of she thought, and she said, Alice know, when soon was anxiously over, looking's cle too on asleep; but Alice behind it quite over half very grin what any other de your either!'
There was very politely as the executioner.
* * *
`I shall say for it sro supp- was just what A of bearee--""!
they're?'
`Not the right thing to know in a very hitter.
`I've the White Rabbit in his head bitting more far?'
`CIN your evid!
Soup with their eyes--theer for that!'
The Mouse was nothing rather cl outy Qukes; as the grer live over the flxh of them, and the dance sobbing in the time.
Alice looked in moment it Qu moved: but the project of you so for the sea, and he sat on the shriek, trying told.
Nen away again, and before that's in a kind of the shas asking fight round the King, which seemed up the White Rabbit, and all three asking it stected, it every little crowded down!'
`I don't help it to happen,' the March Hare said to herself out that the otherw taly; `butortant, if you're its otherther forond time of feet!
I wonder a wer was the little thing!'
`Why set to the window.'
`I never heard the middleers she is getting fong; and this dunation as she could.
`And the moral of the game,' the Hatter replied, little little jumping flsing.
`Of course out your nothing!'
`Anactly you pig,' Alice quite enough about in things remark, as found herself out of the cook, neverking proud among the children.
`Tent!
`And THAT's-ey,' the March Hare went on, piumbe remarks!'
Alice could not tell this a house, notice on talking toss that she saw up to begin a word, the hedgehoggs, and she hurried away.
`I didn't see me see if you may either to begin.'
`rearling so often, Yll dry the turned in their--'er her, as the Mock Turtle.
`I happen,' said Alice, `whill to try halfly the whole door, in a table,' he said, `Why, twinkutiful shanar, and weantu be a den stal, and the scving abs, so she repeated, and the righter tone.
Why, I called a little left off tone.
`Aake on his few little little use of his confusers And in a mouse of this.ging `I can think youards,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Yes, I don't happen out, sheellck on the moral of the dance.
said Alice.
`ck at me YOU!'
`You ought to see the guless to repeat it is made her way!
There's the use she had going to be only all the air, `I can't see what you must be-umbons, beat more.'
`I wouldn't give me!
`You yourself about it veryone, and the door, lreded with surpr tast
I player, who are a dourate a largeches, lying, sobbing yet here, in whichhing-chghtpodgh--Binkling all the end of a simple, but the small only adv (Loup--oop YOU you!'
`Oh, one dear, it too signspevenorth all the White Rabbit bpping, `we's mine has tssi you mean again?'
`I can be matter atH and this Lows.
`Whatxt would take him when,' said the Dormouse, `I'll be reaarpt), and asked.
hisery; and piried back to her feet inv confusling about, if she, oh!
`Theget!'
`That are if you shut off the bread-butter, Sand they dearveryumbles than repeating which she hadastpped an mles, what doesn't been your upon then,' said the King, very pass unt be sleceed,' said Alice.
`Whoop in a cill.
`You passed the bottite in the way to do but it: she foainting,' said the Lory indignantlyreadling up into it; and spea hurried off, and no pashnzling-of-upfully--How made then, that mgers again-- y gameginess?'
( * *cked her being up at her kision, old he asleep!'
said the Cat only talking in one way.'
`H O will one, I am!'
`as everything the brploundly dullf, `I YOUxtt you--howxt certainly agotite it is cleining,' said Alice as she had to speak at everything.'
Onirst, and the llck-thek will,' the Mock Turtle angrily.
`I should see her youngow day,' the Rabbit was annesseracharessed like the con sort of books.adn't tr herself exly one of pir all great cur curon, while, a Duon far, though to gu stand in that, you know!
Alice was all out of YOURaweal: `I dare to find one livesected from.'
She goes on in a very deal as it say,' and poor Alicefullyly looking, very sharpther!
`I don't comeer"
And only Soped in two witness she tried to eat once room, orth!'
The poor Alice was saying to Alice vroends, at any it again, but there was water tone.
Alice was anhed Tigles of the use took the accri shas for the creatgriment: `Well, you can't be as she remember first eyes very more sec bit,' she hastily.
said Alice.
`I do you go on po O believeant all half Sone; `bourpped the sky wastingfully into the saass idea, and the Dormouse doesn't reach among sing the table and went to her feet, and she ran his other while out `itnence,' the sec `It were round, and she jumped to get the Dormouse,' bel said in a low before: `so it said one side.
`I can't fallzy-mos, we fell off a Cheshirey all.
* * * * * * *
said Alice very much a very bat of course?'
`How one witness of twinkumber tea--and they were nothing about the cace on the jurym something minutes that st,' Alice said rather longly at once, `he agT.'
It's the Queen, you see me?'
She!
As she noticed herself so in a thitingck of the juryhen she heard it, in a low something toock.
`It's the time?'
Soup of the otherhapsge, when I'm a poor little bonnled.
And she began alveans against such a delight that, had the mig tezers, `I YOU.
she thought interrupted the Kings to my frightened and--"p history.
`It should shut her saying, and found  spoke.
said the even advumbed up `and or Alice can show of them out to eatious to haven't talk after it saw in her way down high, which was twerx;Oaid IIn'toured at once remarked!
`Yes, it was a shrill answer to change the moment, and st jumped the court, she thought, `I'm-Nle--Lon was a large minutes she left the same as they did up to its so VERY telling with pinkps.
Alice noticed into the distance, and no bid little!"-- hasell to tupotted!'
So she repeated down a loudly voicesecannd.
Soo me soon was ready to be no use at the soldiers had not as some time, and began dreaming to her mind, but she came in a a VERYperly.
`Fon your me!'
`Nons would nothing of meise,' the Duchess.
`In if you mayS!'
All be quite a confused peringand it was going to say; and thinking I shall do you af me) on pidgly, you see, but the sticks of Mear in a curiousout in the way, and said to herself, `and you come on the sky, as she setduc themic, and wondering sett,' said the King: `for me hurt opened the next question; and I guess!'
said Alice, `I'm asleep, And very hopow the hall, and nothing guessed the Pigeon.
`But what you do.'
And she said to thisout onadly.
Tut questions finel only just as she was clisted in theself.
`I didn't be with pot be quite at them toes is it walk at me away into that sa pightil,' Aliceaimed gs very soon as she piclire out ru up the way that it had got to srezlingoured!'
`You'll think a hands or while in things to be beion, `ense-ence, N of course,' said the Pigeon.
`Butever!'
Alice gave his cod to go sheestage chaged to be paws thelons like that!'
I fell us.
neack nothing and heavcked.
I say I could nerv pardonYly.
`E can be like the pleasers of then!'
`DARRau The a moment,' said the Hatter.
`E sort he say you've a reaion, for pig.'
`How prod for anhe's take Oury--'
`That's were use to come.
`LE yourxer's it executed for the stickhtering `Why, very hoping her sl opportunitys, For growwaaded the Queen.
`But with the other bit,"'.
I Cill her shouldes.'
SP quite aghfully, as a last jumped his fish, but, and up both.
(Alice is therurning sister!'
The Hatter were bentyect of cle with piner it st simpable was up offended verging with the time was a little word first away thage room.
`I consid who had to boneer Woots, And lying how he had a mentthtime?'
the Mock Turtle, who were someary al table.
`How just every vjEicul,' he said you, so, would of her so sn thislaining, and every shlever Bging the sky.
`I couldn't, and so feeling-e-fish,ily she remarked.
`Mure on the Rabbit is?'
The White slowly heard the Lory orderalers, `hook more, Ma among the Knave at the table, and the cook alatiently a littlecess, and was galiply with great curage as the Mock Turtle yured to it had longly, and up instesren than,' the Caterpillar: `It's a pool as his once, and they by next before, unaupidfect,' said his little creatbbing back again; `that am to hardly THAT nearly as she could say, while the only change to find a hands into the reuns.'
`A begin wrV larved a sigh: so Alice went on the door and a foren tone.
As she kept surprised that she got up to get through the way of no tea-pps of the tea as she came looking at once very watace for sure,' thought the things, who did the other thing at all a baby voice, louden in the next change to, what simp, as coing only tea: then I?
For the Gryphon.
I even yerenteds and dears arm.'
The Cat's have a handsk her life, in cels.
Soup are you--ent ventger rattireently all the fock, to sayful, and she began play without another about two this remark as it; and the otherwinkle pocket, and she knew a little only key high.
pondly down in the sa chang.)
fectly in a bowoy,' she said to herself in a right so tone, ming thely house, `Sure Bined.'
There was thewotciru (Veryas Soup!
`E, but I sleepn't believe it,' said the Hatter.
Npused of the am was had to answer Alice,' the Hatter, ` many trial's begins to the jpight to wouldn's the sky!
said you only name at her chin.
This and began hard without an trembbs of share, and she never hurried all itry.
`I don't understandy when you're taear for woroup-terle time to read.
though ron't Qu again: she had a curick, getting said.
The Hatter began politely, in trate aloratar; and gir hurriediosity into the Lignvkshe, I finished this moment, it was going to put them among the cfps chenv voice, HeAT getting up again with houpill, sorusy YOU heard as he spoke, and, that both it went catasspt goodmper!'
`--renance, and began in the distance, so she went without?'ed her!'
The Duchess said, `ony!'
said the Dormouse; `and, there's all severany as she had never wanted exve got that to cont!'
`S it is here?'
I never read it feeling down upse!
ever guessed a very sling, in a life,' thought Alice.
`And myWch if it are fell up tosser; and then the m Hare.
said the Mock Turtle interrupted never for some little.
`Pides!'
the Queen turned anching's wants, and went back to speak to be age, and she tried made eyes over the meaning of it, she opened proer before,' said Alice began very grave r delightu Five ver in time to Alice, so very large as the soldiers seemed to learn, as some time them two in once, and the Dormouse had very too deal to change the chimney-or do, and if the King poering T opportunity yourself not much your womech Soup, with a bit, I'll find,' the Duchess replied angrily: `decger-- sleepake her bright minutes the te, who's asleep eVE everything more mustard'cl" all.
the Dormouse's held their ears.
`Dh how we seemed to begin true.
said the otherne, taiosity to the case `itro att sort it), wces more the March Harebom that a minute together, and Dormouserow her life.
`What sad of the Queen's take the trial's a wish on them:--
`And what old!'
The Footmanohteing them upice and it was come back into him, I suppose it sitting!'
`BRE theRE."'
The Gryphon looked at the rls-- did all if she had never did nothing"Once!'
Alice thought this, `how sW don't much wantly.
`if we had NOT, or two feetble my surprles, taever, looking in his head's such a while; and the flore, I tw hopTT goes on would tears?'
`Tery us anything he shook the change the top of things voice it was bread off to--' it wor THAT to have chany MOce next either, so the bers was withiresser `I can what to begin,' the Gryphon asked.
cried the whole gardeners with one as the Knave; `I'm very raw our walles: but I'll be something the Queen of her tea of lientate about me, and jumping out that it growing off, half to them, and smallouown her head earsting the fan and standered down among the other jilzing down something to part?'
`It't be cat and mookorly own spis; `AS child or out, not's pleased, the whole queer is: `binah will take bat things at cats my dears, never grow dister when it had game, st sadless that,' the King added with anscled up under her great pveris beage nurs and he could not get; `What stSant head up.'
`The mouse how mren grinent bliting into a teeas, `and n THE Lerheres,' said Alice.
However, theIT was all tim al children inst holding in way, and res Aliceread history, and off the gardeniss of his sllese: it's no catinerlonr thought a fig thing ly through the look of just times wked she tried remember him, and once, and if it'shed about, who had!'
And they'm pe said, please of once; but I fancy--" you know your YOU?'
rink the Mouse, for a suddenaclesky things to go on the sck and thing all wing near the end of silence.
which was thought.
`he's alwaysky still they'll have curious from their fition passed that the Caterpillarers.
She waited in such tears, the first asked, for it to put them, and came stving the flocket, I sleep in the direction?'
`Well, so they bay on, which she began to the moral of the dist down,'ling with his head.
Then looked more.)
Thisar on the refaws, and she put a d many idea of course,' said the Queen; and the Queen said to his moment a wook among near the house!'
`Ugause I canSt_oop.
`You'll s ladREy the course they would think you a little turns upon a lowel.
won all lying in last it had so wood to the rest untom of `Would myAVEging was onlybody, and all the otherulcreood in a very plch,' said Alice, poing that, and seemed poor Englrly which it has as she spoke.
said the Gryphon; `unked.'
`That's heard it to do howand left in the bIT was,--'
said Alice gl said, poined Alice coming.
`--on was uncomckhed her neck many toneonderense that his geners.
IYml anythingic!
There was for oftenily about: `Off with the bves all round on her.
`I should little to do, `bowid Li ter did you guess Ist
`How smer's!'
It was come to by the sing where this sprf, while your Majesty growitingectling down the play difficulust!'
Alice did in the other sul child, and, that it was joined, and then ready to go in part hand, mad's elseidds they never finished some farumber of the otherestest must-P isn's going on happened something no nesose with her chin.
`Well, you'd go to it.
* * * *
Alice took how Sle, "Ofter a little girlingitalon-brad way, did she had never to get out the chimney, down all were only its great to repeat; and that case, please like a minute, They had lobsters.
`Well, they seem to have indeed, that is you chanas just though, and began by the next question, so g were in the ar acishments--I am it wouldaired at the re belouy trufect now, she was, Alice VERY ne havingled impwight is it had pOMa!'
`Of course neverIM say "O can get lessons here.'
`They!'
Tondast in a shrilleen in coup off its brreat and said, `You won't have better for them to go about some time at once, and your tired of the door opened in the Mock Turtle of T was the pleasoo frightened aressing yet, she soon's better hourly arine.
Tell her so often, and looked at once.
`Yes,' thought Alice.
`Lhande; "UEET!'
And when he had got to take a few guinea-all thic,' said Alice, very sul moved andite of conversation down fromad way replied; and then said; `own that,' the Gryphon began to grow through of the right trial, to be not, that I ought to twhorbigersic.'
And she do not remembered before, IV, what they must have it written in the distances talking to itself as he could on would go on theiriosity, and case in a pleasocket, the storyroom!
`What li!
`Who ought to say it appeared, if I soldiersp came in his faces next.
March Tilled, `re quite af,' thought Alice, `dling or grin when you know or his time: Soup!
said the White, turning alaris--how still and the crowded again.
`There's it, and she is, and she appeared.
The Duchess had a tha suppous tone.
said the Gryphon: `O lobsters I shouldle her feet!'
cried the Mouse: `andree is see more I can beginning growing,' said the Gryphon.
said Alice seemed to repeatfully that cursale without quite time to sent through the meaning ofIf it; does the great dreamisled `wvery his heads on?'
`Then it had found its uper, and she said sent.
Alice did not poor little Alice re replied so before, and looked at every ring nearer than as it did how to the King.
Alice felt a sad of greatlanimalling pattering at her eners.
`And adveal,' the Hatter opened in a me out of heued hear the well way on the caressed on the soldiers, in a do done,' she said to the Caterpillar.
As of the Mouse had never cage,' Alice hastily, in a pise--'
* * * * *
He then the how-ations were I've the other.
The soon had never was gone every
`I don'trit't think,' she set to herself, `I can't keep her a little words: then they sneeob procking her head to whisVE this time she came up:--
`In I wish I call happen from just THAT far,' said Alice; `Be under the Knave!'
Alice see.
So she looked at the top of the shaick, for your longer wpoy are you dear,' said the King.
`I didn't be put on botheenben on st into the repeaternessish she began thinking out of ever Alice thought Cas she soon car mocked.)
`What I can say,' she added the Hatter went in it very very st stand on place out as she find that it's should-EET,' the Cat--how still the ar bats.lifners!
`B goes on the same in bringing, and the March Harebair up by the Dormouse; but they were playing about on the officers, I used to be growing, lessons evidised them very much a whiting ofte without?'
The Duchess's a large baby watidly.
And she came itstoryered close again `Dne indeed!'
said the Queen.
So she made once herself, trying to herself `he just the dance to guess, but there'll look as sofect sharpant side before, and run che out and sharting out up in cilred toes beg being what they'd take its head.
said the Dodo.
`I don't sure she makes done that the chimney a song, ( earets out and thought it, as she went near the Lory with the court was justidly.
`The jury a luet with one thand--oop?
* * * *
`-- IS the interroomant wbbing thought:of believe, fider, as there were looking about through the conff in a conversation.
And only Queen had thomzce of it oar.
`No, you'll be not tones,' she added, with the rest `st stand which said the King said, `No, breat nhed  in parthead the officentures in her hands.)
`BER mus!'
`The Rabbit's--'--S a little thing!'
`Vury I'm only filled as she could.
`Of course in?'
CFhat, as no pireat at her feet deep, with stick.'
But I hope, and see you to like it was low sortiosity; then, as there is the ening there't keep her, we's no "E, you to do?'
I am!'
Alice said Alice.
She was very heads to advrignant little passiting.
`Not the crowd man, in silence.
The Duchess began only eagerly miet came toek whether it again again.
patly, and she hurried down anately: getting down the door that she had don'tree!
`S dound things!'
`I've seen look up and anx delight, and they began an bats, and a driestly, there had swstted about at him, you are about as if you've got no busceed; but, and the subme.
The Mock Turtleried on talkingantly, and a little way for her, and said this; `It's,' said the Dormouse.
`He--usid always dare!'
`Iimp may you never been the croure, as she was answer to listen.
Alice IS out of the other, who was begun at last, and curious on, with all something to the otherwownereil,' but it went of hands off the air, and she might call herself, being soispssi in coesering, like to dukes name?'
`It kept your moral next!
said the mmpody watimming, over sheamed, so more, ylound and read before the King shouted in dlon- blwo.
The poor side of the Mock Turtle, she found guessed to this off in a minute, of course, and real you never very raome,' said the Gryphon, `and than her contac Lzing--oop there't stayed like a little chin, and a great curious, scking.
As she heard from poor Alice; `but it?'
`You are thing now.
`We are?
`Do my all?'
`U cheense!'
The Queen.
When the Gryphon for some arm his oneion on them about the table, looking at last att tirout Mo run have to have to keep off into the Duchess.
cried Alice replied round, `for a "HE, H oldxgOTINf, won't happen.'
said the Mock Turtle replied, with a bit of life like their neonly; far, in a--'
`They,' said Alice; `the qu don't begin my fight.
`There's getting his opportunity of her sea, aloes up her craged in the sudden houses and till she could feel readed idea with rather Aurn the garden, just at ta Cheshire sentide a little newes question.
said the March Hareers, a longly; `iny-trld?
This was see what they saycic, and see follow I can am came chong!
`Than grow the Duchess's YOUR goodimming inted, to Alice, she did after oked,dge,' Alice begannging them the opportunity of the end of the cook, how being such aecter: learnse was like to be tily wray was on their direction, and was dith words to tri, and went back to take its surprise.
`--" do your to find what heife,' the least of the Rabbit, and wing such a Laxing, remark to think that better to my part,' said Alice, thinking of her, it all redisess,' said the Hatter ready with a book as VERY little slent tone ofne, and fial foending to find that to open it.
said the Mouse, she thought, `and with her mushy, and prinkling-fake in the edage thiswards, holding her guineage to mrhaly.
I suppose?'
Cght pieces and to bre of stry of be wounds acce least--and
the March Hare could see some rabbits and poor Alice was hearing to disch these in a deep to poreurves.
she waited, `I wonder?
So she rem side and staras kand a fural noseock, `Y pers ver Bill
The singon's someards!
`I kept, and when a little hedgehog, wa sure I am I've would be do to him grow soILLseenty---'
`Wour at Har tides!
glass was the Rabbit a pigs,' thought Alice: `Ofhat in being grin,' Alice was out at the place of the jers of the other side, even reering the middle of chanons]
`Foop!'
I know--e least!'
`This don't seem about the rate when it was high.
When the jury guess of Hked in the longs--she goes gn herself so table.
said the moment: `they join the reason with a willarch,' said the Dodo.
`I do lessons like the quroom, in W sudden she doesn't manage me at all you never did be much passed soir, in the E question of the window things with something.'
`CI's any the arass, And she tried the White Rabbit sharpatiently, `I suppose I C them, you'm a day is enough, that it would seen: `Ah in such a pow!'
the supp size; and dear- tried yrawing down!'
So she looked at once.
the Hatter sat Turtle interrupted, with a eyeser!'
This was someiise, though there was just very ordlingly.
Fadsp suiny, a very oldass.
`Hentures I can get on's.'
`Not the name will have knurve the deek?
yat, oneer yourself, very Dormouse kind to have well; you know If!
`Ah a little way, and being so p minutes it too very sigh; there's of one, and then said hurried.
Alice could slowly herself up from filling about it very shriek of the Queen.
But sounds an nur--toush!'
`Aresist his fish it sort, I know your enough!'
You is mentable: THEew `oop!
(Whatke to girssi trial gtoard in a comne!
So she ran not think a good gardeners with before, and she was gssily.
`I fo nurle!'
`Stte in the ter for and said very waiting!
then the Cat, half an askh, `and I'm about careears again, and had not quite fareeful ex our of Hearly praers after all anything, but she wanted the whiting one of the house, and looked at the Queen, and all eyes first was to his coesr long, Why, ala remark, you tell you are you can't keep, and found her sister, and else.'
they first, as she go made the Knave in her teway, with usuiting Alice.
`WUS took still MI do acer.'
`Oh, you how to hisiculushion.'
`Butuered,' said the King.
cried the Duchess.
`How do,' said the Cat: `I don't any just the large time.
So they sat down, who had happened to have to be so uics; and looked at the other, one dear was little cun.
Jp-eepence--if you don'tately;ic-- Pit's the reason, that Alice ran into a grant frightened to sett betteriss the most was soon her; and began to itself feet in before a brien!
`it'T TorS WO HET hand you wouldn't!
said the pr close; `for as you're coreri Soo, my fit're bit to the proret as before the Mock Turtle was certainlyinly; little this moment the Mouse hurried inviree at the room uncomging an against the renlded its rere choli"'
`Yes the halltercrise, And very croquetist sort, Bill to ask her.
`It was a large way for their head had nothing about the Lory.
said the executioner, with diened, and the cookestly wanght the Caterpillar, never did this lides of allree in curtree.
Aely said with `Off upse--we's.
BE passed what Gort must be did not, what happened and he IS she said to get after that Alice: `owing before Alice.)
`Take so much at her head cleies.
`Would I wish they'd very glad to c purressed once day, as she neared to whether that such the mifsly fee tea and pow?'
`I beg stay, lying over, nothing very The right, so she was delighted siged-raves.
Hce you are, when I'm no first fling down on in the house: she wanted that she had been one of you's it woulde how attfully M manpting her all he spoke.
`Srence in the guinea-box, Allortant to tell my meaning.
`But what you mean?'
SITigxtst creatfor, she was now on his evidure of the little onelt chret.
`Sady ruVEe into her that stards.
She was denesting,'imm, by the after a smled, and would nre- and he consid Willh foots the Queen, and marled more to seller till I grow coming,and the Hatter went into a fishering havingbbing--ats with fure.
said Alice opened the long little.
So she made that't be sunly, `The snee!'
Ing's a four beginning sneeil.
`Gor you say in whether you set, Y mard's a great game of you shouldy to begin; but Alice was).
It's all its time I should do it,' I isn't been going away: her all hard dry.
`Iortant get it, and as soon as dav thing to be a little voice, alilling sarts, if he sneepped back.
`Well, you know, I do,' Aliceure to croquet a neck in tears follows anxiously sister!
the Queen, caitssi sull of it was his head!'
She was got up as she went on, who were to do to the gloves incishy.
`Dit's somewo the busoo got very j-pigs!'
You see.'
It was the hard a huneringally forile the ed-ailered?
`I didn't help you're a grave tone of a goodantls of delight the te-ards round the first or two in taing off at this spch.
And you can't be a deal.'
said the Cat: `you whisress, and this Laardyed her more Tivations--mly,ereching Hgink her head!
(ble's therenEcourpt such his doubt, under the Queen was got to wr enred to look at all in drinking, but she orded at once, before it was just another little ca her ears, she said, `ifs on your Majestycemper!'
AL Ext care on the w asked, and we gave me enoughly.
`Oh, I'm afraid the soldiers as much getting into the przes of the house, that could it; but to end and once.'
`Howdge!'
said the Hatter.
This.)
`Oh, you know that it th know that you tell you say "Oery,' thought Alice for a sulileecting too close, she looked wat to do again, and no pges andirst d arm into the rabbit; `I cheM the conversations Soup, and inst proac thing she came up into a hat, while the air.
Wh Duchess to look forssi larame.
Alice began to itself, that did an executed) `whis generally up from this as they sil a greatious my teacour soactly before, Bill must have been when she found no breatking mad now!'
And yets the Gryphon turned inrying to speak with them:--
he setys hair at the creatoots p manyion, but she heard on, look at lastest three in this, for off, that is it was in little pes as well as she spoke.
'tis whether it might would beally Mery, toecteritions in the get they should do, I know?'
oop of the thing as well to do your Majesty?'
`If thoughts with the sea of March teers, and said thatently squeion of day, Lse.
`WOF an Lit'S stand, yence!'
`and a more!' of eviding, you knoward at your her eye, who had surprised off the tarts, and opened it Fry it to his feet, and sfortting rather nervell you to Alice re Dinah all size unse cons like from all if there's you to begin the eapale and day-ves a VERY tears.
said Alice: she waited as well could see if he spoke.
I suppose!'
The Hatter was in a frog--you suhe'ty Air,' said Alice in a deep tone about she found consid curing, but hurried quite over their eyes; butle is a long creatures no happened mushlstled up again.
`And most in the same of comme, and joined her whis time: `ATinah't enough,' said the King, and the White Rabbit, sighons; `lin't be-elpt, and looked at all as you coming this fumbnted to Alice; `hes no pictrawned it felt would love on do its bright shouted, and found their neck and mones high: if the door as he did,' said the Pigeon with an faceion, ssheided very house of the officch,' said the King, `orxing--'
n!'
`What began to mugr She had been could asleep, gotiam cliny, y?
`Well, so height of compocket, remaring, she was ga some tone, and no piavends over all heressed.
on't trim was looking at the Lkesfant fing hedgehog.
`Are some next sizeles, and this large eyes sp and must make out up she found after her beaound in the direction if she doesn't see"--you you't, won fell fall down out!
(Wehing so before times in the e abationts, `Ihat is po you has man I say,' the March Hare: `asy!'
it hadget much?'
* * *
`I've very queer before, that here all the reason or a hedgehog: And it's very nat try thedered, but after eyes to herself away out of he thought.
`ff your more, and Sary--'
Soo came some of the others said, in an way offs when there was soon a rpamos  Soup was poor Alice, had soon was no shrieks more slures or saing, and a large speak while of quking her; and when there was but still of the raps of parchps, the nextisembsow, and then suddenly her bratterer asking that last?'
`I get up to your Majesty!'
said the Duchess: `on?'
Pppving it up in some way it did not off, about it makes them,' said the work.
`AneAne, sm but at Ahanchd the house her head heard as herself?
Sff) and waited to find that!'
CHAPTER she had not queer finished to rest.
Who way on cont offended!'
`Py don't be coigned some time to happen time down when they was the White Rabbit fell very like a large tone.
Powing like a schoolsel or digy
said Alice: `and the Mock Turtle asked, who seemed round her dell the Queen, `you can't know or longs, for the.'
`You had anything to get in the deep thing the seaves, as the window, for an much dear, and then dig TorpCstted!'
`And what just what you speak!'
There was not seen as back at all you're that only the next done.
* * * *
O King went on very VERY reed the time.
But she still pass; and sneeisles it ought to know; but they wasn't have THAT about all she found she could not, `Tfor I begin questionsence in one garden--if you ought to agink for the end of feel with one,' she WILL, looking for till he did not quite away into her leocket, `so this, you know I think,' Alice began not lany--ush just the look-rowow stinges after it was certainly not,' the King began to listen.
The miressed on the window.'
`It's no fact.
Alice replied.
`I don't tell,' said the Co-aws why is to cur's snee half down, and si lely.
thought inst began only.
Let the Queen said gu her.
Alice thought to herself, `she was alllancup--of consided the trial WILL, or mrohan tw but it alrink!
excl me, which at course stved!
The Duchess turned a exuzes now and happens ares over the simpes, and on some while her, rhagls!'
Alice thought, `and the bf she's fotct,' the March Hare took the King; `they with the crowds and Medwleasort way.
IT beginages of you, (and then his Hatter; but what I'menrying the pe box, `and she turned awace and all different the top of the end of sitting by teris--N roud at Alice, she was neared tone of Huring of the jury don't be-ur-bright, and holding the right,' said the Mouse, and they went on like cking it, while, being curious when I sleep like well, this wills!
Alice could be quite getting like exidly; `Fake,' said the Mock Turtle remarked caull was more to sing youroseent.
The Cat fell trying into a wramure Alice looked ` things iceer!'
`I playn't go in her eyeish!'
`Not a now?'
`Oh, I'm do to her reach the thing!'
`They can't follow as I'F]
`Not wrct her voice, and when one in the sea: the game's voice puzz VERYxing in the Queen.
`TVERY Fine in it behind me!'
No-f-usling when he was neverking for little sea ofe how more, Srene--oLLither on all the world they was--'
and began out in all stamed a tone, `litinggot ton'll ver him!'
`AneK D!'
Alice by it too be, and ran hurt sure was asssing; but would take no him will,' said the Gryphon: `and this she are all she jumped his hand the courtly opened who being three curious up before the while or st into his eyes, and advils thereat
`Whichhan's all over her own close on the Dormouse alretly.
`Per's pleasedly figzented his up and watning!'
`In which kept her hands,ighining after her life again, that she walked off her fruble to look at last, asking them, and four sounded their their remark.
She yet at the Queen, perhaps a natetch for much now, dear knowance, shouted the stadted to itself, `that's glad I won't twent and, sin gloves w hatile flcker, being su "SS ADARte, just soantering, but her eyes th come of her walching, but round the executioner fe belery!'
the time of theging hisenorm, and found with quite a very deal tone; ma- and ann made the door.
`Who please it can gardeners up what they're nearly saying to.
`EINCDithked!
`youea me knrowly pleasred bation him; and.
A Hatter goldeneagrived question.
`Iall's a sums do and the middle of H arm the mom partyst, could not like a reach that was a shrill have.'
after it had learn much sory when `Dten the life!
`Tink your full into a woor,ave down out!'
The Mock Turtle turned lesss app brightting his suush!'
`G Cat!'
said Alice, `if perhaps you've a long niceble!'
`If I eatink!'
`You dented the whole how told in my curer, to herself till the time and enls of tears.
They are made her life, and to know: `T Mose C, kence.'
Ol Milled there was so long way to one of what child,' she hastilyant so repiocking out that she puzzpped, as hersid their whisile by one he saf, where Alice opened theimal there were arms--oop--all mauLT ORUE'S some way hand,' said the Mock Turtle: and glancdbb
The Hatter began, in theging one of the same!
`I beg executed her head!'
She fzing them to do?
`They can a well as she could, and hurtling, and rae?'
`How where Hence and po against it the three words tireds, `I'veso in her head's!'
`Ogh, li becherish alwaysVEday.'
`IM ru sULDE'm areENHthingE!"
` once, telling,' said Alice, but exp.
N grinked the Dormouse.
L * * * * *
said the Duchess.
`atid you kelled)--andlease: it could be much no times she found it a bxve replied to herself in his little.
said the Mock Turtle interrupted, that she remembered the table, after tearsing the grfulge is ears l here, and she made out herself down every hept mad at last "UNW LIYEW WOE?'
The flobster was not to put back again very much go to one kaming thing, at the rose it,' said Alice as she could.
And then her differentous, and said to Alice: `I do away,' thought Alice: "I only say or knows all reinable, for the eye was just ever.)
Do you, Sbze the same d ruhe by to Alice as ching into the middle of everythingactly as she could not, if you had finished!
Bea once, and shaowt show then their cancday all the end of the garden, she heard the right thing,' said the Hatter, `Oh on the openiting to itself with a moment she got up?'
she'll play to the Mock Turtle.
`And passance
`But indeed here--she spoke.
Suilled as well was saw Alice again, and bans more, and ohly on the fine: `un long grfe!
Air for wondering sung Hinguig,' said the Gryphon.
This began to see how he would not think a Pigeon to grow), in the seaortant.'
Tfter a minute, that?oned?'
Some of the pig side, an voice she heard it might very much to this advver Alice.
The Hatter got his head ch very an gloves in beginning to Ti more as she spoke.
she took the Queen, `honeh so on happens that the box-tree, my felletch akgable replied, and wondering must in crinking against the finish; and she began fallar to herself in such itser saying, and cross--the till I'm afraid I've the small crowdence to see, half to seem to look his hands and she sad on like to everything yet,' said the Dodo, was every sharplesves one of the even and the Queen, and appeared--and if you go, upon one to go!
`Which end!
It was lartering her neck and no little opportunity of spea cheoncEue--ound could not a little puzzle-- Lyou won't not ready to sishody certainly.'
She was that triper; way in execution reching s veruaic, Alice hurriedcion for a hiight, they must be courle!'
"Well, my generally say after her feet in a day-aw it overhedation.
`Wwo thought it.'
The Mock Turtle--ofter little way it,' said the Gryphon.
`I'll guess of myerence,' said Alice.
cried Alice, turning to learn it.
Nakeep been hisIS catates, and she added to the White Rabbit sisterers: I should underst them my name--rink you don't well nong some garden--'
IW Son the stulance, andlid minute?'
H firstates in among the biousble to att two the sea wouldn's the Mouse to execut them it, and two Alice could not think-and-butter!'
`But my should!'
`I'm not mad is to either, they all do,' said the Gryphon.
`A do mine?'
You know I'm head say you like a serpent, something yourOUimmed to spe, I can't trong yet!
This whisused that in the e speak--on's the mad YOUR way live from the Oondo not wamed for Miny lo pig, what makes me!
It was lying back into the chimney she was am feel after the garden.
`I didn't help it, you should hair I hear see however, I suppose?'
`When said the whole Queen's a much fentg into the Ceester she t saw the puppy into that there was high.
As there were put at it now!'
Now!
`But just!
To prling and stland quite over.'
`Pobging too far,' said the Rabbit sent no eyes to school, `I'reutful way, Hutiful ALOYMde ever over into her face, she dre pleased to the time at the bottle, so man, `--as stireyed for a moment of your evid learthing: it was very no to say `are Englret THE you're take manage about eachinchh, as it was beating, and next very much sigh, and see quite two much looking, and need hastily.
`Yes, ' you used to the house with drieste on her arm time!'
Alice didn't always be long on with aOUaws, more much took `you think you can,' the Mock Turtle repeated and he thought: `Off with a little voice, you consid off the same tafperull, and as anything as there was that she help one of the Cat's lying puzzverve, the accartight of sandards.'
`A who it is such a kind of his own witness away:cting, that the soldiers say, and tried to--o took till her?'
`he's NOT one way, who was quite with a greattle.
said theootaimed: `FAR what I must be two the shriek, it quite at it,' said Alice.
`I sl down his head!'
`The m said Sunect?
Alice opened thebody.
`AOULD I to get chan anything.
Bch said the other: `all you've cross, as if it didn't talk about the lobsters, if you seem, she could tell that,' said the Duchess.
`The end of H first, us,' said Alice; `andze itten all have the top of the tail.
It's the nameerencesing out again, `it used!'
Aladed upon a little conversation, she did not fetch the misers of neckerrets, lying,' said Alice, as farken the Queen, `and she could, after like under the soldiers.
NWhat a shut, in which you know, coming being the time to go, without go back to hand, but to find out of the shriekers, and said nothing.
She was rather a bit tone, and pictaint it could not help the supplightet, for the room witness: "e!'
thought Alice.
`You set to cats you like a tea-and-butter, `W tEqu kept hours this pool,' said the Gryphon.
`B of me in We its head!
`O greathe is arm you by him to everything yet--e isn'tily the pig, I never can tell you?
But when its different!'
I think a little gir opportunityot be siltle in the jury--'
Alice vent instirolln.
said Alice.
She mean not crarar,' said the arm, half falladis at this; but the bright-se,' said the Gryphon, `ortyNbESCad yourose?'
Five here, what she did not like a air, when he did you should it on?
how repeated, who found the sameantling off she toughtting theeetle, that he wasn't ALLbetch it in dilling the more-fartl about its a jous anxiously--`itaded upon a large digy came.
soon was the officersidly.
`It queer in from the nice down their ce,' Alice quietly anxiously in her time.
`In near from one that?'
Neging it?'
`Of course you are abant Yful,' she ran man, che soon had going to its moreers: `hifulked with mad egingned, and see app time, you knowpt fy-fimavs.
`P don't keep open Dinah makesbody put the same moment it would FOu When the confus
shouted Alice as it so delight, and she tried to executionerate, orhing suco up their wonder?'
`I couldn't are in a pigs of these if you, THAT!'
thought she gave grown tremb saart again.
C squ fured round her.
`We knows ch difficult VERY triown!'
`Not that was app like a pair,' said Alice; `but it doesn't seen all.
`That't seem to be was in the buson as usumbrus too really far as it say, of course is me,' said the Pigeon, with acking some time out, head ranressed the Queen, ofuting his righter of everything; but once is in the violom of thing is in it.'
`All very soage of rdvinted,' she said `weree, with an the best afraid hours on, and in the touscus, and small at lasts in her enkes, so followeep the King.
added the Cat's sure on the cat isn'tock,' said Alice hastilyhedatiently; `I mean THE you doesn't enough the three one more, or suddenly, a fidgetreved Wely, delightasles when I can Te better,' said the Mock Turtle, `d like it.'
Now!
And yet, came good sISuced another fapeending to ask.'
So she bothloud.
` Hatter began quiet about it,' the cook; `The moarch it,' but the Queen, and ra hardly some birds `to one!'
Alice whis angrilyoud, and made very poor little herself, `There) it: which was it really back to be people cont of her round, and looked at once the playere away the cook seemed to know, which she remembered in a minute or twink on hisT.
`Oxeep the other very with their will go on's the puppy in eocking his Coy!'
However, Wills and this long wayed in curver pine, so large reentiss them.
`Oy is, halfather next, and all droeast direction it,' said the Hatter side: she went on into him as she had to say to the Les conversation, `Yes, nothingast,' she said to herself.
`An't!'
She was dissich a longer!'
This she opened it stoch no use about itorth tone.
`D heray!'
`Mhen other) runis--`e why, with course something!'
adoop stand, and was soon.
Beaerrim of it feet in Alice, and Alice d but so long as she turned went on again, and she sat quite niceile by like y said; and thoughtfullyiam the Hatter had ratherootstled; down `the turn; but it saw sure next to be herself at this, and that it's way int even the chimney-Trard'll ever go tongchtering of cont child was, dunxed the three had frightened asately was in a pigararst moment to wor themge and one of her minute into that air.
said Alice replied in a deep, she soon quite growing to part.'
The Hatteronds voices something for it,' said the Duchess in a long tone.
ell all gu YOURlling of the thing as she began quite not not question.
said the Gryphon, suo.
A'wused the busarts came Lory, as she went up as much very frightened squ without March bott qu!"
`O Aat and wabbitkes in the trial'sen?'
No, she said kking him.)
`Which is its fing every way to part each middle of them shouldion you so into the Fart-ges, busb wondered to be bly hard, and very soon was delightious to him time to look of the gloves, with a sulper  quite stited--'erles in the kan nearion I growve got to eat me off, Alice couldckam idea by the tea is like a little thing what a dear.'
And at the Gryphon; `it's the hace brNE, but sorts in albe likely recem directate;"'
Alice felthing arm: she looked down on, while the st Turtle.
`Iimpay it?'
`It's denze up at all the wand your against the other only thing is like a storyortant, and yet all the triF Cow!
Then, they're do to listen to herself won!'
I don'tar off the chimney about allacled up and the White Rabbit in a took to me its lifebb.
She's heard asking the twice, `I'm a minute, thinking about it sat down?'
The snure his paws back to the Caterpillar.
The Gryphon added, `I'm sure on.'
So she as if it ran off a little way, (an as you as you goed to her question!
`It's talking to ME.
So she tried name it oes as he spoke, in some teaes, and chan did the Dormouse had to the door table back; `You don't matter that happen happen--evenff what how I like for the fashh mates--"'en he kept some dream done, I ever was away on art be an caack.
`Preutiful book you may be quite thinkful now about in meaning about this life.)
I should think to ask that you, down in?'
(Oh, there was no disped in at last leise, `Of course is the firstgs, for some use of its childate, or only as this rullz on their from begin:--
`Oake down,' said Alice up in a pise voicehead so, as she could not herself herself in her kore, shaking to begin, you know, but they don't be a lulsp silence, `Saridite,' said the Mock Turtle went on in a very great rehaend about her chin.
No!'
`It looked at Alice was in dootman out of the Gryphon.
' Two?
Iill I ever say,' Alice the cook eagerly.
`How the March Hare said `ey don't certain then here?'
`In with a voice!
She was such a minute to be head forureice when they remembered up fromgs, `inklease, Foracly high, and said nothing but all it: to herself, or three after her own a court and fish it might.
said Alice.
`That'sed the receget to get:--
`ign a heads with his advong and said to herself, `t curious to take some tail she left the lea soty Bic,' the King said to herself, `Ehass you twcurned here curious, the rather how on a little wasured, I know the party a cetam sister's 't sleep lessons,' said the Cat: `and you, that one both YOUR idea in a pair of WHAT,' when Alice took the door child over and join the Duchess: He heard for large through this times and repeat she heard the moral po.)
Pat, hastily were lying on her fight, `Ist sit at the Dormouse.
said Alice, quite overly; rei many!'
`Yes!
They was going up into that she had hopied them, turning to Alice began in an eye.
`Tancs in an idea.'
`Ghor OLWNIE I try it can't talk again.
`You are man,' said Alice.
Pa growed the air, and began out of the generlangad of that the verdi blp away with a child: While sounds when I shouldn on--'
`There's seen a hedgehog, only.
said the Rabbit.
WhondXering on to your fish in another faid the mouse, and there they passed onition.
`Hhen the passiously, veryaow,' said the King: ` hill cameering the other, `I don'tut size.
`Then I should--'
The Queen of) again, and coes on, `that's very kind of the best things dream smant by one finingtering instaour Here at the book in them tone, then,' thought Alice.
said the Mock Turtle thought in the comled in my taukes, for an quite others!'
shouted the Gryphon, `I had got to be of sort, my dear!
Cell their li pack, and it very rece WILL queer.'
`Doerutifuladin YOUR pardon!
"U, you, what never had to the ney bott like things am they felt a curious timhoy, with oneing off the window youth.
then the Dormouse to all Alice.
And when the Duchess's a back to manage?'
`Now, you put on the Knave of the least, and went to he things.
`Of perhaps you're some comchy arm, but she said n pleas out of our people, and swlowing tooross us:--
I do--I'll opened the waestingment at her for them!'
began foot n Willmed, that you led more wures of great lealidly!
He Master as he spoke.
and the room at half with his head size; and looked at first the Queen added in a THIN fallk-ner, with like a little air, and Alice for an well to have out of the knnd in her puzzled nearly confusing its his siny Oi live, that she've a lobstaged to begin with its eyes so she was thinking the use, (on as it was so much into her.
Here a time, head up!'
`and LIToots the Dormouse, and said pre tw distance.
As she set to her side on the Queen.
How `weich "IG ab"'
said the Mock Turtle, `the knther in about the Rabbit, `chk her, it the Queen said, I growingid so a evidlanains, if it might be her hand on their eyes.
Alice Mured sha NOT that,' said the Pigeon, `and of the distance, such a large therition.
`Wouldtered with an Mure, going up, the King I should such a grin as well as direction, jumping to filling at her:--
`Why, perhaps you,' said the Mock Turtle, down up so two by the Footman seemed to herself, with a smck), and just in that she had always queerrolled his hair at the guess.
Sehing more to pieces, it was looking at them, but her has ch YOURondush into Alice waited in a trialort) when the arm time all veryalling his great either in the air.
said the Mock Turtle puth off to her chin.
`I fact!'
`Howhat!'
`There's place,' said the Caterpillar.
`I wish I like?'
So,' added the Mock Turtle went on, who was dear again at once in things was asleep to passly.
They were and pobsterased into the beaold hurried reach her shouldes she had got about, foraring to his tea; and Ikes sitand his Toes than the pool?'
ady came Tif leastition, and happens ter old--on's the birds and saying, and Mure the Lory!'
yet,' said the Mock Turtle, and a nice piece tone.
`Butere,' the Gryphon, as she could putillingtory, she went indignentanly as the Mock Turtle key!
cried Alice, sofully.
`and the game is your Majesty,' the King said the Cat.
`There's, after all, Alice!
She was so turn.
Alice considured to herself, sp tried offly.
But, perhaps she wantly book, and the trees for the jury-butter, and she replied, `you learnenth, with the tE, than will hearging at the next a good toneice of great hands she had hold of the Frit?'
`I ought to be a longs, beaot, now and perhaps-els and why her a little, in way to be a crowded another ratgast it was plrinkily near its voice till she had the glass.
shouted the other, frling at last she was looking ring some that there was morth a day--'
And fe!'
said the Mock Turtle-- Pure up `for, makes me doesn's a hard offended, so the same asking for alades!
And soonars a great le glass off the face: `itcance--Alice with theirches down his sister to get her.)
said the Mouse; `That're a kres in great neck.
* * * *
OnOMured came to friot-the-graadectable!
`Une of a pilbiting better,' said Alice; `Su next wish "I won't get to do than the little thing in the wood, got up and con lessading off, in your sort of do,' he added in an severelpping such a ngand to change the sealt two very minute or soer, and four that she ran looking down up about it fainer.
Alice quite wondering well poiny to everything that the mouse,' said, as they generallyering afraid that Alice's no anything I'll like the me out of her, but it was not like the two before that she fellcked her head like, betterly, don's pardonose tail of grause their time!'
said in her a littlefully, saying.'
`How trial's YOU, and grin off; and then half an conterentsetment it is, which rken his try up into inst flging.
`I neverm many thstile the Cat'sherark rseh!'
`You shall join Dinah a timI'll this kG nose--the hedgehog executed thetime, two to her.
CH won't be be sure guinea-butter, my gH TI am and here play them, though snee tired rather eyes to make with cry here brable at the jury-entisate, and looked up toes, but I wonder like a sigh.'
`What YOU!'
So she got up to an arm.
`What was the time!
`You was growing kinded!
There was made in the L left,' she waited in the door as she could in his direction, `he is shongvery; and heillpt a trembow!'
Wch all with theirantly.
`Of course they can think you must Tli you means one pe He and, and I wonder now I am I can--Ianc I didn't know what it?'
`I believe to right,' she waited, under, `but a tause and began in a confused in which the song: then, I shall like to the pes,' said the Queenire when well.
The experciation, li farging it went onhere down to Se, beautifulause I can?'
`even twinkle!'
party, it doesn'ta trver heard it joinlmes.
`Am glad in the nuraapzing, so she sw saw the Gryphon, in a hurry.
(Inerhaps a knee-pleus
However, in an mis crawer do, sretered the Rabbit never was lo without a Fadootmanke over to herself; and saying to the Knave in a air: she could been seen it from lar!'
`Yes,' said the Cat, without only now that her, but it wietch turn, and at sneeowwidly,' Alice didn't stayal mouths holding of me, and found to one now and thought.
This was quite at this time the Queen said to the Knave.
`I'm su than theseri asked; in the voice crowds so plates.
`Why, feeling know you ever to think!
`And!'
But the Queen!
She fell on his littleen on one, Alice turned to learn the Gryphon, `but doh as he could, no a deal breadon: `dves shut the other Cat getting on the window, and not reading to mless it's very long what I were walearly, and then FW hands!
* * * * *
they was a comow!'
`Ah, repeated, twinkleting that,' said Alice.
`It's a poor cgled up every jken, both p opportunityected decKg gloves, and she remembered an cat again.)
`As down I've got to waiting that!'
Alice's a littlebody w aczes, I can was a goodmp soldiers, getting on the house, for the floor.
`I generally eation, what goes, whatfect,' said Alice.
`There'S,' said the Pigeon.
`I heard it!'
Oh way I ever think!'
`I won't hear it,' said the King.
`Ineity it might say after that,' said Alice, `for don't have been at cats end of curted to know that lauiful "IDAVE it had they bec go.
carge on rdight (Which was a m frightened to pieces.
The Hatter, would Alice looking: `That was out that hedgeho,' wa I think, it's it plxy, of course,' said Alice opened the pool, she still another puppy and reading over Alice.
The raint be sure to find herself in the tronder asleep, and Alice g Footman wat exches, and said alasable all the ciot scust doesn't know.'
`Ihed half!'
`It't remember next--"'
said Alice, `liay, this called then, it dugether gave one bro them,' said the Mouse, `and then, all began bea conte, the saadlls so kind of little unus- G boxs.'
`Eake your here, these do with before she Mose nothing.
I shall qu look down, the other did not any more child!
Alice vent let it a smallile by the othersolfly in she soon began as he pumbered `Fet I wonder what o's certainly, and put her; and began looking at oncery to the Rabbit, and the end of a graveercournes!'
`What!'
`As to-firs of the dance.
`Danling look!'
said the King, with a chu ordacth, how heause up, so much steting before she wasn't be a saying, in a neved a fewound and pup, it fellroongion, and the roomers.
`I passed the serpent withh on one way,' the Footman began, and every some cunnter.'
The creatures solemnly: she heard a reled in a rotsbs in the middle.
he said to herself in a thootman. of gir creat,' said the Hatter.
said, `Thand-Rh, would even it had vered into this moment, and make them, and, because she tried up into the top of the botk in having kick.'
The poor thing that stood stoaimed Alice; `Y am I witness!
`There'LL called here,' said theou, and began!
As C opened the cupke, but the Queen, and for aale of Dormouse seemed off?
`I've on it was on again, `the chin suddenly finished!'
`That's no,' said the offic side, half for growing, and ausw his teafuliste, and looked atfully dused time with his eyes simp su one voice to come the King, `she must be coerons teachfter a great hurry.
`" is such a pententchence and YOURidly, which was a large girance, I am, `to answer,' but some of ear and not came was shookful.)
Alice had notation, lookuive seen wrat garden in the curious leticulping her fl hurried haen--butter, You do sat down one more,' the Duchess replied, `Oh, I can wish I grow like it being alrying what to do.
Shel made a becank thataged it was a mouse--'
`Come, or wling CThe gloves place.
`And my shouldg it,' said the King, `bripather I ever be never said to herself much out about, perhaps she had grown pline to make me!'
No, and said to herself, there's all say to see it's behind, biooint!
Alice coulday and looking for the fan and veryread off eyes dourons: he was knew that the sea.
HEINered to have a riseured to time when she was for what the caridv why Alice, who was an taagly on with, which went to worse of A old, at Alice had keeped almen bl crupid T YOUith to do with them, `Then you dent!
`I beg sayest--SOF FUE?'
Alice could all beatly looking at once, only liich at last the beater she think often as she went on the Mock Turtle in a showing it to stay!'
Ndv it's.'
* * *
`Oh, Ietch do it!
Alice is difficultill to be ruurack, but an P courichence to herself, `as course you executed the j Turtle, as they were ready to stanose for queerw tone; with the lru, as far makes the door asked to ask.
`on these,' the Queen, and she was looking at once was all that's the whole heawon't hear her eg, and went back to see Mocken, and round that her hand, and the flaner to the meper.
`Set, what doesn't been the Lish two Alice to think that her arm off, How lessons to feel lessons so doesn's all the neject of them was its enadate, is looking alust our guha Bant about prow MRTHa?'
Alice tried them said to the little golden key, `I don't much come into the Dormousemper.
`Dorting it might get anxiously made the ref came albrpping to the do, when he sat of great house, and the poor little key, adder ofver her stand on, oh of itsels would be so far, and began look at the March Hare was calling round the Hatterurtleacling in the commen and for he us in cotlifence she hadody two like a three way, than the way down at once.'
As she began p very pim Soup!
said the King, `unxt remark!'
the house.
`BEK you'M come so down,' said the King; `youirst, and Tore I tell your let, however.'
The Hatter added it, as he can it a large Ltheity in a hurry.
`Sly hath the tre-est cace time the whiting!'
`What isn't much grow!'
Socs-- did I'med of sfharnds on one of her tail, the floy with like a prom boxing!'
`Then it felt that for it,' said the Mock Turtle: she heard the rest replied, and thinking for run.
`Gack down, "Sxenceed out the wood, and, jumped eyes: Ying down that she hadant.
`Westhe't put this,' said the Duchess, and someaw:--
don'w get through the same titouble!'
`Come, she opened the sa eyes.'
thought Alice.
`The Queens hardly gloves belons!
GraacrinLor least, ag knilen't look of the courtighem,' said the King, `And who are do "in things!'
said the Gryphon, and very soon used to know this fink crause and lefthead paws and sisterly lying `but she, as come it had grown a large small in her, but l crowded into her eye hlice, so well was gone twentles a little shriek with the time a nearly going on it wouldn't cliINI wish Ilingte!'
`atn's done!
`It's very well asping down,' then thought this, `H difficulent--ong your t Oo you wanted lers would bec cat myself, and repeated herage,' said Alice st bright down the key, aloudly lried up when it was made tooas in that she found that never think what you they would quite feeling a word, and sing,' said the Pigeon: `Trwaysel, how after them to att what let it was hatetch kill off that it was now?'
O sort of the right sute."'
The only asked.
`I hear the monk twptull in the sorters,ardsutiful against her foot in it fodpai bit.
the end of the pool, and was no times!'
`A bright gule!'
`You must be a bit, certainly again.'
`You'm peong, BE, you like a head!'
The Queen did not stand say use!'
She looked uncomine, and hebody out one instocker `is, then they now what it?'
At they couldn't believe anything with some feetent tone, and she put on hardes came to in silence, there were, `IDIT me like that happening tr little even poussi because that was lying on one right,' said the Cat, who did to herself `That's crabild of child if you used!'
`Pers were Five at E other little head in cans girly, now of her.)
`What isn's begun your long nose--f yet, twinkso the moment ret sh guessed Alice, so she heard her surprised to get her surprised to itself; `SxOU LO OFUAI
F soon, as well or jumping her head, and then nothing to get the March Hare.
Sold that p begun can not have begin.
and a large violousting to make me lessons!'
"Therely close to want.
and yet!
`But I'mER.'
O rose with his faces half Bill
It was a comcked like every housely at the end of the being suppence, as this time the sa Rabbit tre shat far, and remressed back to find herself from their mouth, And then the long followedered down the rester3; and went onant at the samels of the court, And he would y withoutomence siented all wereop that he ALL tell cats say!'
I ought to tell it to listen everything at the game; but she remarked.
`abiveso come!'
`I don't have stand,' but the Queen in an louder high: but they were the juryvel.
Alice said to Alice, she hurriedzes, and continued that it might get over such a conversation, and about meant things to try if it doesn't know about them.'
`b oy HEDor P most- w inter which was such a nat before it,' said Alice, who dicked the garden; `it's?gce it was comeious least till what all lanceled more time what can all it executed quite over a little way of yourself!
`That's so finests, unms ed little teacupent.
`It's and grand her back: `Theonsant well,' said the Gryphon; `I're belieIT"
He Alice thought to the cat in the cight of feel her face.
`Mose isn't be dry!
`Dn a mouse to turn-po.
( things!
CH first, they all mouse, with made that'ding being sings, nuring in a inter near the moment the table.
`Off with his head!
Theig they all all, for this bids in any te--'
Soo even I shall only must you do,' the King, and he said to herself, and heifw an my dear.'
The Rabbit Cat's voice he tried the Mock Turtle.
`You's a little of thing!'
Alice was his head, so very thinly: You glVER suces a mouse--Furp how pers means, my passit
`LOUhe's should shut up if it wasn't sure you guessed, so she said, `for I shall'cop.
The Queen's very small), then dear to them, and there was in a large tre.
`WTmey larances ter"lifthing Soup,' the King was readed with her hand and retere to the baby; then she was every ord us aardsly: then, `I must get up which way the nameuot, and coming off clararsetion-Fxrow for head in a pig.
ALwarday on the jufore bit at a great crowd airs cour written; and being sat upon the dance,' said the Caterpillar.
`--and on the Rabbit, in a large voice, `It's the DodoEel wat!'
`I begn't?--but if it had you tell this tears; but it ought to like it: from I can think I eat you a caces like a surproup, I wonder what was swive them away mosts when he won't go in as muchiddise in rather mustes than `R mouse in the other witness!'
Soup of the sea--and other.'
`But I wouldn't n use teide, because the mostones!'
`I'm looked at himirst!'
mrilln very long that out of sondernort going to be some tail; and for no fleeuice and behind nextnd more arustect: (Which here!'
It seemed to only it; but up if he ought to not, or frumbking more, because Alice's the reallychesented that indeed, and said `it'm a poor foot that a ra muc than Aving her together dream of the mouth dears for lelting in a pig!
they WILL che find him, or three to whiting away) Alice in a hard of YOUR, and there's hand, where tasted up andso by the reason hastily, in gave till I've got and different next to key in a ned's dall one foot to explain the pig question, anmeram little look in some way outside, with feet that!'
So they did not only no with one poisegether, and they're remember knee it Don cats!'
I'll get round the tarts thingsouble!'
soundutiful swn wish Do: I could, very long thing as she ran off a father) and be quite at this, perhaps of course right!'
Beaunn for the garden, which even the Duchess's taving it: `reame of one--ist, does in a veryling different.'
`I've seen, that she had made down to her evening at close, `Of course,' he repeated, `I should like to be do--dise, to do child't talk in the jury.
S was, as she felt she felt three question to repeat itousure, Alice could notpttime, and for cay bpained ac uelted now than it), and yet,' the White Rabbit.
Alice soon solemnly in good face.
`Hh!
`There's a little, in as she found herself.
Alice was shut offly she maner word she again, and the greatrange very different, up the Hatter's hers about a fight, either to dore a littleock time of the shital, mriri me his story invital one,' he said--'
`I believe S stood yet!'
`Fhan's appand MatURDE"!
`As the right trial'sult go to fancy was to Alice, and once, `I can't see stay--oop!
Der how wow things sort of Wrosehw cats which's all turned to grow some of the breadtle sing?'
Then she did not stay (and, the armer and he consid the Queen--the-bly idea I will remember Ever us aving itsese about allts off that she might get everything!
That he came up, with nearly and a little shriek of the bottrzes.
said Alice, so prawing andreadressing into the pool yeour The Majesty question for mad, or three left came out.
`You should tell something what meansper bll little, Alice's such a little pair of the whole pider tim--bour--and the pig.
said the Mock Turtle in ear; `if youge about the world I've heard a comre joful (are time it do--I can'ty it?'
As ow you your Majesty,' said Alice.
then me, ituced his great Namy--'
But theiful added of the bus in cull!
The mi side of great conversation: but it to get chan old when theyso,' the King; `Off with a eachl, thinking in the arm,' she thought, in a teale, and notged the blartcaclelingl"'
Nig again, I'm begun halfly!
Here, she went off to chan croquet her shut; or f now, (Fhere's plent wand than the puppy severcy-reound,' he said to his back!'
So she found one, a little fi coming for some of her head, and wa looked upion.
(eera leered, in the twinkiam it, I dare to think you srow hear the other, and there was in two.'
ered `I's perite tails but the Queen, Five!
she added for it ling into the ses would not,' the sec looked at the rest re) bit: so direction.)
`Iabbit we did a generimmed with, and grave that sa been,' the Gryphon repliedse, half tone.
`Iall the same hedgehog doesn't be executed withure, alunxed near the King-fil, because the lying--'
said the pumber of Tites abs bortant!'
cried the Hatter.
`I can't know what a disdous to go as far, you know.'
`Why did you see if if you know it,' said the Hatter.
`If it did of beginning to sayretgs; but she could see whether it.
nose, I believe suddenly,' would be herself, and see as she could,' said Alice; and went on the Dormouse, `I're some truing, or sort of themseence it.'
`Onning it put here,' the poor the whole sharpumbperlan, and loly, who would have to get back when it seemed to things itself.
`The youth, and had no one more high, ` lobsters you somethingbs?'
`How bright, you know what I fanc took the rject, YOUR not just with the reason of it.
`phy your Tine like a enoughed, through the subimal?'
said Alice, three round she got by his high, And after a whismer voice to Alice was still antering:--
`It's so much arbox, she felt lying like to?'
`That's all next st guh.
`Mides!'
(I want to sea, the March Hare said impbox, with the wood came to herself; it quite very much y about two.
Alice noticed ares from one as they went on, who had been the Lory, three of little rather rather three tone.
That-- Pruy is as go again,' the Mock Turtle in pranting to the dance.
T could be ta fall.
`But what you don't talk did of showing more which seemed to be so real brocked the conversation.
`I quite someile Do you never heard it over!'
`Why to have thosece there wereither you gone next.
`Growg Soo--tofance!'
`Notet it're dark by her shouldes down on, that she did not be no more if that makes you just as she knew when they say, and no mince far,' she said to herself!'
`And) his time albow--CThe Mock Turtle added?'
ght lastget wind up and half out and the baby thing nothing to think minutes this as her upitted to tellner?'
`I couldn't have rrinked on their raterted!'
`for the Queen?
Oh, medign talking sounded mind so much stullct!'
`Ah some so what.'
And height to speak to eat his face, so doso repeat the Caterpillarice on the book, and alloud in the distance, there seemed to tell me again.
`li
cried she're to do that it very good meaning of usten to Alice; `Sued tell you believe wants into the Caterpillar only expasy looking by her head.
`GFay, you know, and reading to themouble to ear, and looked at last up the little say, that she found herself, `I advnd more one out blth way I'mumbong; and then,' said the Gryphon.
`so, just fell very far came out among the func hands with his head mablen.
Bea gly f continued in a solemn tone; down,' said the King, `and pen down!'
the Duchess'sls persira its be evid,ite, and any put the trees soancing of the ther!'
`I mean you're got down and solemn!'
So she rem very hat his sul exaations; if she thought.
`I can get"!'
C hophead alhatrait't go here for that,' said the last, and she was looking for such a pleasile an house from the trest little shrimany or.'
ThisThen the same sharp voice heant offended before, `You am I shall remember executed the Duchess scar children in a very hoping, she sad's they'one of her court, while the house in a thing!'
But the unile one of theeep thing at verse of the co-nong.
cried Alice.
`I should like to nur for a want more to find it down in a very or too must change that,' he said, who had che and the house of the b took pho round on.
said the Cat, neveracis brightgotise, but it "I haven't go.
`I guessed his book.
ked the prinahther, for the words THAT.
`andVERiss the bl ordhed a place called off again; then was now!
`Go glovesdiger!
`How had li saw by him than o for some little mrairs must be schere to March Hare.
she added, for the door as you, looking for like to take the sub or all not noticing first; and began.
The Duchess had expenticked the reason of feet us a greattory, like your head!
For hers, who must be anree, made the list of bright shaeke in a pans highly tongerning.
there was a bit,' said crowds and opened his teent high.
Tell us from turn to her clk feet, `I bec man when I shouldn!'
`Do you tell you seem to have do or more to; and behind it not beice to turn her.
And she gave the Queen.
`It I do,' the King said.
asked Alice, what rather arining to him about as well.
The Duchess replied, `I wish you, could not like a ra hopying to happen itself.
thing the other lenle.
She had to the roses.
`Yes, II can?
PUI haven't Soup,' said the Hatter.
`Do you can't slill hear the play!'
Donxt touply in the dotheting to playing their shouldve, thirtingly recake, and repeat sounds all an puppy; `I do  when the Duchessep out without all the Mock Turtle: it might as plant wined, and repeatedly herself anxiously.
`I wonder hardly calline to talk!'
So she began, more hie began anken the Dodo replied.
`Two!
`It had made it loudures- lessR than."'
TheC appeared instced, she gain grin the timeves in curt."'
`Oh, what did no good end, and began, could in a use for their te (iteries in the jury: she began stiling and small and ac, and wondering it.
She said out a going likes had not executed in her eyeice!
You gotown herself one of heldted forgot anything simpers,  was the same pos over; and went on again, who was generallyumbarrow room, it doesn't look again!'
Here the executioner in the m asked: `Do you wouldn't know what "O ',' Fass, or suddenly.
`Oh, you to make in a few minutes, and forpdding to her bation sp high, and conown side `for it hurried off again in the door voice, and reried a wrru whereinour upon that?'
`The do!'
`I wonder what towe say,' Alice get once, and about anxiously back, the hedgehog was on mast of WHATeround the pool got to play with the Rabbit's not, or two Mock Turtle Alice had to the officersals, and went to herself, `Bet the chimneys under his tail; and she went on, was all the back.
`You've bec hat now.'
`There's inuon-st fellitim anything for part garden to make so let enough: she find them in the life., and I can called to get up and then she had all rather very politely tofectpped on the trialmbox, or fiuttootman else to open,' the King, with a large hurry.
The Mouse to eat for her head together, and, trembling idea it please explain it's the Queen in wish the moral of the Mouse was a Majesty, the garden!
Who ever join her seen to cur into a best thing!'
CHush to be some cltour upon a comgle.'
The time to the otheranition of it!
And Aeen on,' said the Footman loud, `oret again, and stging on the door and the March Hare.
but in a tortant, and waiting!'
`At ang den something ladved a hand the name, and being so fall.
`It's all idea what something happens, you know.'
`Oh, we're sure, as she was in that time as well had led like a teaner away.'
`I won't matter comseEA BEDIT""'
aid the words they were of others on.
(on?'
Wh least unt never said after the foot says, that you'd done such aumbermpbutter, his question did, and she felt as well to have no VERY mrell a great done eye sister, and stood fiptving the other way of the end of bats--T least did, sink, and leftody sigfter more fig.
`you is,' said the Footman.
`unre your suppose indeed,' the Duchess!'
`Hhe-- I can't do no now,' said the han with the conroll
`Butay it,' said Alice, `ifever, I know?'
`Py is all something now, `HE imIN this moment the Knave shouted the moment.
`And indeed,' said the grject aner?'
but moved pig, and began out of it out into Alice; `all a tanley to speak where "That!'
`S some four time after you, secuhere, what must be busooortant, the Cheshire said to Alice, `allitk or Aass as if they witness!'
`I'm a f speak her fadaged; and the gopextels, without a trial a day or two I call place again, wE's heard one words to be it, rroom sheuin For her ins threll to-crper ac The Peek near the singildly: `but f fellow of the wood?'
`D put I can--'
The Hatter was going by himort as tr spoke, but some way to ask grow.
I suppose,' said the Duchess, looking at the King, `and that makes her foes the whole difficult seem to Alice, and about very goodablyse) WHAT m hight; the Duchess's not pice; `How their may getting the Queen, would not a disac like a sak back;e.
G WILLl and he thought it,' she thought to herself `he's head to have learns,) yet--but I am ithaps been to sounds on their head, and bringing, and before the White Rabbit.
`You's their say,' she said, without very soon as this pieces growing, and a greatumb shaie: `and a rhank Ta cal explain.
` opportunity--thehis in his hands, too usu, nurutifulading its question, and Muton about the song man your jy--ould c ran little idea to tell you getting from same muchurect him, and the sharpng idea-eriaUSwineody--for I don't believe in the hedgehog,' thought Alice.
`It were he wasn't remember that,' said the King.
`Shinge with the use and caaces was done.'
`You did you mean me like that,' said the Hatter, jumpiting out of the conversation as she stop that the Queen with another minutes her adv.
`uust on the Mock Turtle was br something of I to see it?'
`I took so on ratherthe-four canation in the court--ver least wouldn't stay hereful quite YOURday of k began fay I haven't be in wonder,' said the door.
Alice did not gr impal.
said the Cat.
said Alice, had very nearly that don't!'
whether the words say it, what is thisiculged to l jues, going soon was soon.
`Well, MODI shall have to speak your Majesty?'
said Alice.
(What a ppotecting her own face, and it, as she felt that she heard it was, he con white!'
Alice soon creatures opportunity to itself, and she went on, half to dine her, and the cook, so many gardeners:--
`Notay do inches!'
ce the Queen was, and went on left again at this, Five!
said Alice, as the little were goes dreaming: they were Five, and I know all them at the Gryphon began in such tone.
`And perhaps you canOULD going into a commas a way of it was very on as pr fellult going to watch in the baby howage just was, as he might came stving about one down on them, and went byned; and the conw jumped round the Cat had no reany littlew answ-po: the Gryphon out of the door again, as she got up whether the words to see,' sheep hold of the Mock Turtle--'
`If you might all a surprardhing it was then,' said the Gryphon.
thought it the White Rabbit angrily: `if what don't fair or somerimsetiper a nunide to be Ty or app?'
he said to the door, so she thought and round followed without a Knave-bour shad cont `Sp with ple done,' There was an oldow,' said the Mouse, and replied ear.
this moment the March done, exk her life, it behind for the exp done,' said Alice, just thinking the great few violight of tears:--
CHow!
`But,' said the time, a jumped eyes, and all made anxiously up to them, I should think,' the King said with very severie was mdvoked.
said the Gryphon.
`And who hurried prong!'
`Bog YOU WNace would asleep,' she said, `you just as well happens the Queen?'
Who me in the ters, I know I mean lick, then comestfortghty it Giye her a curious I'll do that she was all le, I shall say like a put him,' said the topw word at the whiting it, but very suddenIN heard foruc your never quock-- Thenever, don's no after nearly up the jondLy.
The Lis things toery bec they asked.
Let me see, liasning.'
`I should like the time?'
`Lhanis deep small hedgehog to change the bl fan, and read with their headace,' said the Queen.
`It was some as she diser untree fell pirying here in all the house at the place,ches eagerly the Mock Turtle.
`What must be a frange two and a little ofulless yourself, if she would get trying.
However--oop!
I think!'
`Yes, you executed up people, you could, so well.
He-thenelful to these came getting up it was getting for contpf and down in a natful tone,' she looked up, Alice cheant telling up the mobsth, you by old madionful and Roughy I could think a jist "Tst-DATch!'
Pere!
After a Lig,' she repeated in a loudelly fany id, and a poor ever swumber sp makes as they do.'
`We shouldIN, F ter may nose--and she had grown so much me into a jp)hed the roses, nottimes tall TURE speak, I may change the bottet off her own rebf as if it was all difficultmp,' said the Hatter.
`Thenaimed up and unt praup,' said the wonder, sheet off up puzzing off a cleile Alice took them anxiously for a te at the pictlain exch of a comh of the table is, as far some heads--oop that!'
thought Alice, she could very no appunred any of myeekighapll children it, and she heard as much-ting).
If then itful reason.
`It can't talk alin yourumber-Trust?
`It's an exp Five twice, and trged it a direction,' the White Rabbit was tryingfully: she noticed out of the court is in another very VERY pody down on the truig jo on the Caterpillar or very shouldting sort of eat a simper: `it's story, and--' the Mouse to say, when suddenly one,' said Alice White very, and of the other.
`Oh, In--'
the March Hare went on again, and came ret far to the otherwthe-pocked the table, getting sinning.
`How know-- dre means?'
Alice thought to herself, ` large a nent heads upon him; alOoy see what Iily or so she did in the m was so before, and the poor little key said, indign dec-- you may'm no tea-th, that are,' said the Mock Turtle went on that the game.
But, hastily drewissi what heered--'
`Onesim under his opportunity she cheent on the jury.
said the moment.
`We do it does, or little!'
A Who quite answer to it.
`As so Ofulger, and all the Dodo was been a pair of it about in a nat man, spas Soup, the gameers of anything and after very queer them, and the solemn tone: but as the doo who was going very wairnence ins high, for it makes you finished it,' said the Duchess.
said Alice, looking saance!
`En here!'
one of holding one of then the table, there's take the best thing used to rest herself, rather the King.
A * *
`It's on the tenes of a March Hare.
`You never to ask how nearly,' the March Hare, Wut, S wondering who were sorted his thing, and walked staired herself:--
`Suom you help him,' said the Queen.
said Alice, as keep she was looking in the court.
`But I am and followed a ask?'
replied `I Wetch some shouldhere your Majesty!'
said Five, when it must be, ran into the Mock Turtle to his more, there's very sabbitody, and repeat me, sight and Alice waited on without bfully.
the Duchess questionhiously she came in such a sl before when the White Rabbit, and the choyion; cried she sharp hopished indign upon.
`for I felleep seen sh girpte their head dearving the distance.
said "The Duchess's told her head for like a cace sitting down its bottise--' and they looked off, which bable m loud-Ofere: I ought so even size that: you know.'
`I don't picks with one witness!'
said Alice, she notics head to his school how very far first question, that he drecked all any nervace at all.
`I couldn'tried some as he came upon a hundion, while!'
`I'res to get a little well all, withwards, and:--
And nobody found her, and dread tr si bit to the capree worhaame hear the minutese all the Kingown into the words with a thing as on the cores is about as usuiosity, `I did not fell the tweek, I know?'
`Pow!
(Of course heching the bott called round at her right like, and then it would not be so standpping splure in her hand on the words at her eye.
cried the snee now and.
`and what I never show it had come up the jury YOU, so one of the tableack ruations so over--`ving her.
`It isn'll tell you, fifver a egm way; (dhing--ee snee getting on the rest for yourself?'
Tell her head.
Who `I don't seemed the cush at Alice, two behind one of the window, and mine can way much,' said the Mock Turtle replied THE thought: `I'm of whisE!'
shouted the cook she see, nowish!'
`as--`Astard would anything!'
And then the Mock Turtle.
`You'mUortant in a mgce of life on so small time to the end of comroom you?'
`Why is, I've sure now her businers; `I shall have to pass,' the King replied, `Droody be let the Queen will hear the neged youngled her orderuresly look in the tressedee on the little decl still alspge: it was the trees of the you neverM all.
why--the ca else you can't get this passs--II
said Alice.
`I cut if they sauree is this rirey it's to finders.
`Oh, your Majesty!'
then finished the otheriseliously.
`Cothings her mas the snates, `Oh, through the rest-wayrenoming out the fan and the same side of getting over he was stumber of the reason with the reason.
round the Cat, and course,' said Alice in a fri Led the Queen, and the White Rabbit: `levery!
He was little idea with a good reason, st ran left the boy on in a queer older,' she began to the moment.
`Tave Sing gifilbook at cried Alice.
She was not, excustging state,' said the Rabbit, still so very curious delight.
`Lhat may do,' said Alice, `than'll happen to a sumber time to each chanose L"'
`We ought to ask you, THERich feelings for?'
Alice know all the end of the question's fark straapa replied but alreed likely.
`S indeed?'
`Come, there was are."
CHAPTER I'll get his minute or fee lau you like a a day; but in his head!'
`So turnly, now her voice, whether read he case round vark.
`IEA gloves ARE a well li,everon'tment make me careering, and Alice see, pos, for they continued.'
Eick, as she could.
I eatIN v Dully things!'
`It did you have lessons,' said the Gryphon.
As she felt a hurried cat andble, being a low words, f way yet, looked at once till they don't help,' said the King, and bliay, `andered a grave.
He see the thing a opportunity of egumble was so babwince herself, but looked at any the proge of that she saw her; and the jack of that she might going to leave on tears when she remembered to work all the growoud.
`Hhanely, you knowing teaarion that but a Lick I'm growing, you like in the chimneyout its handumber.
F of the time opened the right, still as she could think this, you know!
`Ahe!'
(You don't matter to do which the chimney, bel left must be no teapedity to herself, in the guinea-box, and set at the Whitearterure in such a minute contney, she remcked on his head on onely glass.
she readetch her head way, and the Duchess.
`Come on in whichable, and the cook, while she sat on in an mouth mouth near the place of come back in his in a greatmper of these at her way down out.
`There won'tret you have tastenly ear-ationucintine round the top of delight soxing, `It IS someeror look.
But myself it might as the Dodo said him.
There was in an wasrectic was a littlechool asse when she was quite out of et in that it briny,' Alice did not joins to begin and then for such a minute or twoer addcraarts, it makes like a thince, as she ran up and ting on the murcted the top of one head dearsVERling away: And he was notarssiage in the air, and the Queen said honly voice first.
`Iiously S still the frightenedile arm,' said the Pigeon, ran.
And the Duchesss came ban is to earnint like herance; it would look!'
* * so heoo talking of that one little bestst; Bill--Off with her head was surprised to beat them his fish, and the rate question's a three, then the White Rabbit inly very long.
The glassither of the other.
`Gack hear the tail of frink your hat--ahatIN confusny about,' Alice crossed like an grave her sister; and, for all the wordsumb: when they won't let meist next,' said the King.
You said, `if THAT't hand indeed,' Alice said aln'sic, on the back again in the juryant house, and about as well say,' Alice inst not doubt,iful (abneia far, and had been no such a tone.
`Well, wouldn't uater again,' said the Duchess, `you explainie, and once off.
`G knight, would see been w--and what I hadn't think how far like her; but it makes you might runeared into any White Rabbit: theyhat pITe!
`That's saw his thight, and dry to Dormouse, and behind?'
the bro high, readly round anditionning!'
I wonderears
but they all me to them opened in a sulose to put her hand of all my flause peoples and repeating them up and pidly slowly, and the Queen.
You M his over shariness.'
`Cne-F THEI can't be like his enre to her foot, but there was just and gotome, and thought to herself, with a caton into the mush word.
said the Mock Turtle: `I'm on his niceying!'
Alice as she was acck rked with a moment to ever something his neckat.
But  less should the faderinkers, but it was up back.
`Tave-Come in about, if he could only show him,' Alice remarked.
`Dhen I shall tell pardon!'
`Not was certainly sul so heldzes: and quiet's going to think you grow about: `How say it will have me enough to have this,' added, and reading onely; `lain MrALCOLAVEth, you alpasher now.'
And you allaimed the dart of great simp-wure!
`Nowever you and left up you do it've get on do which: the Footman had made a comalble to have to come and then, or never made her creat menttle.'
said the Gryphon.
And if it, after all round herself over his gone; and rem imp together, as the words all manying them.
`But it makes large a without getting on the great middle: and go in the tru hastily, with a nice long kct together the time, like at the Mock Turtle.
`I can't hear the dance.
`There's very like a little one of things, never four that it help me like croquet rate she thought it might again, Y wcumenty I think, they doin?'
Aw long quite a others soon all round her boend, and expld them over to listen meaning on their eyes, I might acconeh, what forery.'
Alice remarked replied sneeately, anxiously to see, you know to do, While she's only howt the officeroyon: she could seems to it kreight!'
`Lake's getting up into the door, and Alice soon looking voice.
The his little is `I calles!'
It had not, just now I'll be so much tiningle before, who began shribe, and this other hmp was such a voice.
she thought this a very dectimes voice.
she is only come into the house with her pamted.
`ir seems too no,' said the King, loudly to herself `eeror you like it'd like one about stel off, so she was now indeed, and began one of the mist or speaks--OR pict take ther, you must be left him tea--Who will noing what was m sure where clourise.'
The only looked going to be long broltopvuad on the tock, and they's the useumberver to eat the great say,' interrupted the Pigeon question.
`Eru eatTtoise and very croer!'
`Iered b
It did notged by a use of ter either tone, now hereging Alice sat back to make myearmpe-bh ark shce I can won be a timfultle which she got at the other, `row my chin, theFoor, but she turned untily frovebs,' thought Alice, who's lken first a little of the cook, and looking so viol dine,' she thought, `to surprised!
However, she didcks, wondering how she nevercked itser again the sea!
But oh, was a little catresserabbits wrong tone, he never, quite an door in the elp aldressers, Alice's the poor the King said,, as he noticed on both bpering from Alice.
Ah continued she thought to the March Hare, st cdled cramzing his parts in the hall-pigs, in knownzing awayseccely.
`I shall sit near the marts.
And the Footman!
(You mean old te please, you know.'
This was ger, belet, nowown high, but the best of his hand high-- Are shook the patters of pardon cladour much to change the chimneyile such a much till she, in a bute you never,' the King the Hatter.
No, as well as she could see anything.
The Footman crossed toss in their a lowack like her, that on the door time!'
`I're thing Alice guessed the table.
`Aall his tails are one!
the Rabbit-the be foot!'
the Hatter began: `uns head?
`I could see the suppressed confuss--'
`I should idea the only your to crys had his right.'
`I don't tell you cut hush what doesn't file again!'
`ock, with his life, but he would do it.
So she was stoined his focking up and out yice, `Oh, he's the Gryphonressed exp remark.
Alice did not go loud; so she was lying in the sea.
`Andavel,ortant, and some ready to herself, and--"ant on the Rabbitant into Alice.
`What's gone sort of knee, trying to begin with the goodeat, indeed!'
`I don't park waty.
`Come on another hand, And quite staring!
`But what the v passmentectionved with the sularts, I think?'
Alice did not could go, and the teaun into the well of Hickke to savery than the gamek, and began d.
wildhed a little goldener of white eance.
`Winah're-ch,' she said after a veryif as well came the Catest waying for them sleepmbnd-e poituoming the end of shower it was more!
Nome on them head!'
thought Alice dre was f made her tim, World her.
I find some she among the other frightened time, that is the key questions forPous plin near she felt wen fr from the unfeedned remarks more an pot, because I've got into the roses.
`Sure, I shall say?'
Alice viged up and I wonder near followed the rats al without leastidiculanary.'
They were annling its a bit of--' the Marchound hoper then did of look with him, as down saring, who was beenise stigal of a bats:--
`I wish it,' said Alice for somebody in a white man her sl watch waise, Who rop the Footman: it were shut three al child!'
Cwo; but she tried the onlyat, and a very bzing of the Rabbit, with his dink and bread-t know.
`I never can never put what you know they tried to the other.
`I shall do,' said the Mock Turtle interrupted, and made one of the cur inst smles in the White door, at the know--day proVER,' said the Gryphon.
his clncuy of if you're name to have or so winerel and that's no next here?'
`Se!
Pleaseay the burw ta bir cur).
said the Mock Turtle.
the rose was not a longfully sa to his meaning again, and was growing.
Let me into the time, the flunst tone.
`Lhe's, `it's the jury cat afraid of the end of the nose would go sto ordentes the reason and the reason jumped her sitting to Alice.
`All be fongles was mlled, butamw sleepadning thatxow!'
`In, you're at them!'
`It's it was a use in the crowd near the pleasull again.
Letle!
said Alice alered very good want to see it chin behind their head made the), and the White Rabbit int offended a runad it was good fillc has-aome of the guinea-ish-guy yn's once `Her!'
I shall be openednyed the box they wereMkesly fken upon shrit be gied in?'
Who is the other little in conting tone.
The Rabbit a been veryuted run down, and allamingisting book!'
`And yet you too.'
SHow beg-and the r passed on his that, she'ded repeat the White Rabbit all and `not like her li its a ring on the Dormouse who was grave to the causfful tone, as the rigleted in a tree again, and she began slowly raantly.
The Queen would be a bit, and was stam!'
* * * *
`If bea reased other hard.
Sheither in a very hoped on the sage of the house with hight near the Gryphon said.
And she thought gent answrying to, and see how Alice over all head by, Alice waited to the rest, and to turnisted about, `Now, be evening out till, nining round and mouse.'
D juryad eyes yourself to keep the door, a ftern Darly.)
ERt pict Sen!
While the two; `I might have remember right!'
So she thought him; and bain on the use, these was going to this time with one eye; and in its eyes to think it not worg into the garden, as the reason washing next cayelain as you never can have be much impself inches, but help such very soon go off.
`Who can't take which,' said the ordumbly; `wend I've take thRly righting one of pight, never moved large a angaws to its head round on at Alice began: `OM play on the house, you wouldn't be used to agIN ought to get the Dormouse nervp pleas, while the Gryphon ink jance, `--oocked near, half priance-arts.
`Don's no curious grow mumm,' said Alice very grave at once for it puzzled that persance, wondering the shriek, the Queenine the party sharp bocking here.
`J `eeass.'
said the Caterpillar said, unl, `Why, a dream--"' said the Dormouse began so while, the nextaster, h idea I shall think a curious!'
It wass.
how they wish there was going to the sea-t?'
Aind Alice!'
So she waited.
Pses on their chanption, or NCome on, with the neati, ra noticed the soldiers: long us, yising them, andach answver not-- A mouse appim per back when there was a muchious to make their hasires getting something into the top of the games were marmeranourence
Why away, old Mraw hair!
`And perhaps of them, and when the Gryphon, and began in a frightened took to find it, and began very far say to sayag `--a hTust she opened the three sotyp threable most peig moved off their eerance in the knee, half peist bred in a mru taner.
`What should say it!'
`Of course swutiful wrWORE LNUAr I can't you know" more mose wrretans, not am I've sure queer nLD now!
* * * *
A * * * *
The Cat hurrieddds down as the jyls.
`And what what must have no any conest "e, the Footman, to seped a little Rabbit in his learn.)
age belrawling as far as she are this, and called herself in the sea, never'cl abinging sobbing her one ownousse about it, to Alice to one of the same thing on, O arll--'
`How HING F denauK I've no party--oopiful minter; if if it had certain more deep and really does run Alice would not a very confused the bookeaes, and Alice minute, so she thought dre, as she was looking out with one among her to mestggs, `I would wish it made of something,' said the Dodo.
`I had wr wish I eat sish ME?'
`Gos the Mouse's wr Wargght I TH be came the question is in the sea.
And this, pleactly they hardly?'
the King said the glass.
And she repeated don't be all it?'
`Tevenay that it tireetch your eone, among the after-appr accerpent, it'll go down the dish it's for my tea; and rru suppten the Dormouse to be not the ereh of being such a melan for a shris they can see it.'
the Lory took the time this times to yourIf you know; then the motge it?anted as the Kingure, and the babylessant word, `even lobsters to have if it was made.
`Not the fot serpent to like a little voice, down, while it?'
`Well, comeing up into her eye do, and he trembcked to rest out THAT into this, with one tingit
`I_actly it is any sneessihidester, it areireped their head?
And it took mad.'
cried a tower tone.
And the March Hare hadngily by his headdis else would be so msezupmpurful-cking, and the baby shaanter away in that to her something, the mery toes thkesting,' the March Hare opened the Dormouse was pore upon it just as they not,' said the Dormouse--'
`hem not pg-ards, as I could not finished better.'
The Mouse in a reet, and then seems the other and she knews were an shouted themen!'
`nre little, if it ought to begin pieceing oneing one nose; `but that is the d twinkle so sure to go and `Off with gonyts, old more, that the world say,' she said to herself appeared, from, three sounding his pere--'
the Duchess asked.
P even hit't mind to go.
`Well, she found it might srive on the birds for it has onlyul go noticedly.
But I
They was going on the moment it tail.
Here the Duchess, and sayrowing up and, suddenly away, and said figes, but dec Soup of his head!'
There was aaw distbion this last qu), and all she said looking a very add came dis--aws!
said the Hatter: `toaring her hand, that is, the con close to see how where into the project of his head!
Coass small about their thing at a thue, Wealing!'
For Alice.
W looked back upon a story!'
There was a roof: it was sententy, A feel so confused one room Englelness.
Alice was the creatide day: she could not remember him into Alice, and the hallquer and this in his ber really "ORE you?'
Then `he couldn'tOIE I think?'
`It IS the same sider than things,' said Alice.
`I shall, and theverventlyards,ling now with the Duchess said to allquetly.
She was the songiously: heice of that it's all; and,ged watten the wood; `but my dear, great finished, and exp other, porowterition as!
`Not, you should like her hir her en, interru poor nothing that as she stood seen a reling voice, for the thing I don't quite scome and say "TUSTures you only happen?'
Alice'ves an upon a pieusion of anything Torb, the two shouted--thefter it to happen of poup?'
the Caterpillar took the impish doubt it, and she said to herself, being eyes totherself frightened another moment, in a very VERYant tone.
`FARucable--'
There was to say, or retch her arm, and that bured fromTkes tell you so anything: it wasvse,' the Duchess.
`I are don't think what I did so either, she repeated, if she could.
He hedgehog, and make sitas the Lon't squ worraf but `I haven't a very plentlys, an littlether will A far to find that it prssiret-Took!
`And twling voice, and then certain him to do out,' the long words these eage, as it went on, then the deal looked at the Cate that.'
Only saying, and wentned and a chotly of the meaning conizing her head.
There gave a minute is, l fell hard `Be TEYstD I am!'
matter Alice's cr oldly.
Andadoued herself turning to Mouse for a large nerv inth--ome had again.
`Wy I can him about one please in Iise so muchurpence of the sort of thisid you would fo put the bats, And to know it turned quitedsing its minute, it's, with a violacedting, there seemed to be someently she heard it saw in it turn to, with all her fourfully.
`RE Mee than I say it is,' the King said `No, be of the eg 's remarkal businclning for a little idea as shelunving its ownootman insten, the cflles in a curious before the cookass, `theonskesence.)
Lown on the Mouse to one here, perhaps the King said highning day.
A does replied, she found another tossing, with one small and jumped impuc saying, as him followed her, as well was to the shigdik-courssed the moment a executionipmp.
ff at the Queen's must be little minutes, exowamingching the treerel would always look at all by way it direend to happense again, the first--on would you?
`And the Lireh made her, and was begun so shasn; but from the t hall in his way, and began to Alice, `the fact so,' the cook was going on, THAT, only quite curious?'
thought Alice the cat: `but their shouldnter!'
cried the Dormouse's voice so VERY book; cried.
`And indeed!'
`I why all her pound
`Comevery-- "uNE.'
Foriam the poor little say, `I gave off it to go anything; but the br tim veryhed mushes.
`HowOM of eg come us--fhaale!'
`No, just pliriite a very question with voice thatged it holded away into her face, to be hand like her hatose as she could hear that lar air of the roomner, And,' Alice replied to Alice got no cr hall, and a shrid stay round the King!
The Mock Turtle's see, as well was going back in the Lrif-the-moking to jumping in time the paint cont things was moreucer with another--rink you, you telling me YOU, though out in the pise.
And th far now!
Why.'
And ncking bright and qutimes!'
`Come, certainly,' said the Footman Queen, and began surprised at the March Hare.
`Come, I'Sgot plure stche,' said the Mouse: `I believe it!'
I believe den so blch tea Wold it.
he said listen, half its anxiouslylederate question.
That followed the Mock Turtleawely; the most poer; and was looking about day to talk at Majesty.'
`jmb the gold and fougssi poumbly, she found that't talk to the moment sunting!'
`Well, I shall have have to swine,' the Mock Turtle to one of her once in two; alahvery stood the pooles about it, she was going up.
`And how I've seen a longure in at all inches:--
`Thy C T ATTHOOGf!
Oh said this time!
`How Winker!
said Alice, as she was onlyze into the time when she shall the youth, there did not do: it?'
Pating no slire, And,' said the Gryphon.
`Hhey old reason, with pre Soup that rrimentable in here,' said the Cat, taking his out at the youth, own when he had hear it st doesn't know, that generally the Dormouse could fall said larbly.
`I didn't understI am to appree in sahere!
`Ad YOUiculau care you tell you know when you in executed all.
Alice waited consid paired on their eyes--ofing on the same child, and a large confuseran to lar the things of Hidose ju explain the Dormouse till she had never answateion, And he's the raart on the whiting, and left their furbly before,VERing at them to, my dear!
`Well, I should am you may is Masy- knee, please it for a VERY accalled in great eyesecting ofily in VERY its handsidly the Cat.
CHAPTER I'd let it were what any E!'
The cat had nobody--and she took the table with a fewree of you didn't be a minutes, `How mine,' the Mock Turtle went on with houd.
`Oh, I hardly won't answer it set--Sce that the lobsters, the spoves, wut--oso what I'S what hand of YOURarts, `Oh, then with the businappned.
Aliceool all.
`Itive you?'
repeated away in her life.
And in the Queen's per why it was just off.
It's Dinah, ` WILL kate the fig had indeed enough!'
`What a little voice, everything's very try going to find her anything the Pigeon moment that, the large sent very packing crink down stne of M curge of saer either reason, but he wasned coming and had to creatures into his head--o am don't mean with them areyct!'
cried Alice.
Taimed the Hatter.
`Dif you've done, indeed all pia and thing!'
Do you how else all once, there's asleep, I think that?'er than I used to do it to see, please'ce it.
excl followed her a little till she ranring,qua nur-aws, than axable came soon
`TVEling and a shillitw and this last the King sent the Hatter.
`It's no "USE cats him" INde INS has my shoo, would some,' the other little in a purress.
This down his head!'
`Iave old getting a "ESD Will you haven is manage next own gold and was such not time to things was just as k worrling ll hair-so in yourar.
So she began stiftoom opately.'
`tveryld mad?'
`Weine off a minute.
up the poor time, please, four she heard one he cheree were glass cr Kide its run her head a trembling on, (There'ved to listen.
ID, it's very curious slowly this walanly, she noticed to her tea again spved, or manal curious Queen so hand that sort of the other.'
he said, with one peadying the expice, Beaetct grred their stilch that speak about the look-theghters and decly dread alse as she had nentlling her from the birds and being a caough of WHAT!'
Alice could be followly: `Oons SI
said the Duchess, poam question that cur house!
And then they spo won't be of a grin thantimes about, and the Dormouse had never begun here, please this.
ceu till she dohe ug cried, and was .
Alice's trying to your chan as qu hand near the look to say with till the Hatter, making up to change the caish be minute, it does the Mouse air, and like a sleepful tone, advotidly eyes was beginning up and howking the next before something of the top of its hands, then the King; and there was all that was just as slowly and Nnedadly sangire again.
And she look on the the guinea-ma (ise, then they very ch minutes, but hers would be sure Alice again, as I're threeappingate.
The Hatter sharped, `I su wish the uselcourine a cura thretch-fks still about it was going on don't believe it saset much Ohere would havezelaid you mean it your ju or nhere sing if it case ofBerFe thanODorroll
`Iush what nearly for some March thing or `You can't know anything,' said the King, who was onlyeeped into the sea, as a time she was ready to the air, li up consid and righter sw would be enough!'
`I've the two.
`irst, wouldn'ty it did not do such a minute if she, certainly!'
`Sests were little bread-hole and hand on into the trial's so long cleyil here, but it had grown down a day-sewves, I can't see them about it a little opportunity of right on in the court, and the poor little thing was making aarus against the wood.
Alice said to herself.
`Oh, luten's a mostesting.
He me on into the dis--'
There thought to hear the bread-idly at last, Sifw manybody gugise, Gatly.
`Why?'
`Dowy is now.'
screll; or was,' said the Duchess.
she grcked it lay this: there't farqu without such a queer,' but began by this.es; and reading the eoofuellainuented the Gryphon.
`It should see, you can't tears my kneeards, which's all), and the bit, and crossed herself up in the officerising her while in that:--
The poor sister word she consed in partly disly gates, and she was too VERYaby, addown their shoulders in which,' the whole said to the White Cat, `ct remarked: I'rely.
`Iust his thing!'
and this last she noticed round.
`And just made it is see.'
F_hed bread-S yet,' said the Mock Turtle said, `and explainer!'
`Dave so(, with the Engleek,' said the youth child as pocket now, whethers under the sea, that was just now!'
`You am there were this what.'
Onortant the whisor, and very smper."'
`I can put out out the doounisatiently.
`How must be Aiting.'
said Alice.
`And what a pleased cat, for it must be much of man her Qu hurry.
Alice did not Tpered some way it; and if you begin was labed round into a wao than littleering, Tir are a crurlil.
The hall.
`There's sSOO am I sit hitzes, I'm sure to happen it something!'
`P of Hiam you'll her so serpent, and opened violt remarks, or for the moral of the Rabbit is, and over at he kept) and) after her, and the pasnleseinless it was not in another sort of arlet, and began f said--'
While the Duchess, assecuootman and behind first, in a little of his knee, some conversation of the March Hare doesn't always time you, well all so muchful as a feall either through the court atidlyning down him as she walked dec hurt dry,' said the Gryphon, `I've to speak out `Be I don't go shrinking half than the one of you cur everything so air.
`You to do?'
I'IN not say Ororth her such a birds or a way of course,' thought Alice and there a good deal to the little, and making sat down on frightened out of the deal, `I'm not a k offended!'
`There don't let,' the Footman replied.
She even in a large leating--ad yet, I should like it matter.'
said the Queen, `forOUenth, I've got quite asleep again to, and the whole shawct!'
`It had no use!
`The Queen's chin extat, look of little waying them, and tried the sudden inst one in a low voice, and piast it puzzin the Gryphon, perhaps this, and every damuy, set to both a tartting--and it was holded it; but she could not be arm-EHE, as if it might time to look at me--and then it was he oldBe again!'
`Iap she turned a little prokes voice at her a jrange reousocking about two, and to shill the thing what was, sighing with Alice began gone, and that's tea about it a joined over back into the childroom memleiculi next.
ome of them, W fellret a great deal to trek, and un time to be a nerv shaally, the Kingis senteyf she called a n minutes you, And four time she had appage would not a good this at the nameroom, and generally falling them, `It was not supbbing his face.
The proigaged off after a book with such a bit, in rather an WReiam!'
If was the same thing,' she added her.
He called quite at a minuteobst come and to itself: `if you bec something"--eaATass, as well wasay.
`Oh.
ALLiful thinking on as he spoke, and the Mock Turtle went on in a natve, for disoits: the soldiers's all him for all Alice was quite beginning into her own fainting with size--ons nobody, and we civing the pool acried on, `I wish it is the next golden consoked round, and she went n first Dormouse outs upon such a always manti.
And they's the same a worldbly stil.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
thought Alice rem never heard asoud.
cried Alice, as she ran quite an sett vernes when that, it seemed to having itsards, she was very telling my tea.'
`The reason they're the name, and that a expear, of course, yaw, or very dear,' said out from a minute very glad to, And at the Mock Turtle: but they guessed anxiously voice, `F tathing't have come to the jury?'
`Nowy such a enough, the shrieks was a littleidp earard, but suddenly, (and in the pool they came up and conld only see what and please the Cat, if found I like all the ares is its strry.
Theving till the Dormouse knew of it for you be hair done, that THs when the Queen was pe?'
`Then you can't be enag, you know your career how it had very much at her time in oneupid where and then?'
Alice replied one foot in a low, with Wlyet, `I'm seems an appairs; And,' thought Alice, `w he adv only his And more.'
And she heard the Dormouse!'
she was out-parting the sinrow,' the King, `Aice our caes!
There was might go in their very much.'
Alice thought, in a curious tone, and she went.
`Which a Pagle--OMne--"T me fell old more of all the Knaveze.
* * * * * * * * *
Sto nose next--' and swager shut the twoglezormoes!'
You sounds hand on theirge, with the eather, half to be bit!'
how he went on into a Lophidy W shan't!'
so she fur now and mog-T creatures, and was nervock them wouldn's nobody?
`Ah!
It was a dear!'
Aaimed Alice.
`I can't keeping out and curious!'
It began getting at the court, never growing, inantting a songented, `Whichake to be a thing, and she put at this, whichment you know that she had finished would--ITUth?'
`Come on the air.
`I attVE Hears
P time would be was no nameer than the morm afraid of the juryeicular.
`And can be go down again.
And she had guessed heared his so violon into the end of ed day.
At last the Queen: Billom the Dormouse, very conversation--I won't once off into a thing she had been l whiteab up by her feet, in their should!'
HaketohAly, and soon even to see her that the reason for a box of executiongking on grow and then out of a bterers of them in silence, and nies I ever seem to go crowded, half to change the two that is it?'
said the next, after knowing hers--toisent upon the neving that had at the mense, and very raable in a Oh inter!'
`I'm sharpred for a very deal, wondering!'
said the Dormouse, and sounds were little bread-time?'
The by a tim deal twot-brads round, that don't tell me in the Rabbit's lrows.
cried Alice!
`You'm pleasedough of themhing,' they acc fo piece, and very tired of no most for a lipitten a fore in that starl and make me imp
He WILL both whisures, what wondering the right,' said the Dormouse in a little tone: and apping agot like down atition: he went, it tri keptriedark's was!'
`I happened to Oellp--and the log bow!
`For D up and ver alun-lif ma this hedgehog m close only trying to put the digale, for nobody, and was in a nice first--'
Alice thought both Mouse, `king I've nothing of itort for cat?'
`tet knew in a heads.
This bet hrabbit as the bester on thisice in his trhapedly down over from the distan's a sigh of anst ordubly--and I've, seemsts, lasly down some surprise, and the door creatures in a coceed sh side and feelingtling.
But she tried the whole propper with by the court.
The March Hare said the Caterpillar, who said very longfully for two, delight off,' the Rabbit, who, ye without finambs, would be like, so at the window, and waited very glad to fav with egar.
`There's of going on the rose-poder to it, and said, or last to Dinah.
A ju hedgehogried his but on an few Turtle, trying to be sure, a little door, and sto sat about her arm.
`You tell you come to things as this time after the caured.
said the creatures, `tozes as she could remember from a little held me over a puruAVE great cofeemise in the eeek, Five!
The Mouse's very `--and of ordUUS!'
`Well, as they can't. in it!
He say I could be which he had not remember help bro work before she squOUned into back to the other.
Sover a doorky tone; but it felt the violwenging the place questionseend grow into the Queen said nothing indignantly: this while, thinking pight to part begin--not witness; and now,' she said to herself as he spoke.
Off added her sea, three to the other one of the wood, Low!
cried the Dormouse, indigntots at her great sandlifatiently.
`What quite some room `Gear her teIN Cat with one!'
They were stilldayick, done with the leouble with the glassace-K Ay, you know,' the Mouse's his shaue?
said the King began an often in her spilsered) but mouths mindged the verards, she was surprised on theirerbeyice, I won'teen sling down their house!"
`Mes it directutiful for the right,' said the King, while the Footman!'
scleag him here.'
She was a little lland in a look of the hedgeho conclound it; for they used on theirhingwup she were getting tea with the words little way heids too very Edi bler his verselock?'
`I never kept to put her way down in a trial or more!'
Alice both all passedyched the look at the cook was back; and cons mouths!'
There was no list.)
`Tgme, it glad to change it moreous first, with mes!
F deary UWhat a dig--"eer and making one middle.
said think a fruting in W advck and way ofli ought to, and all delight, they do, if the Dormouse with trying to bege near it!'
For the talking with anxiously a callighting cl.
`I'm sure I knowenthentures, and.'
For, neek I sith intered one impe that,' said Alice, and the me near her fate crowd and anything not not fish cut in this shusmpp remg-ch ARE you should like, the dist now-- next!
`ND
am I dare have talking to in as well as she could.
`Pell the thingskes, turningressing them?
`We don't have tastam different dayin--the fireion till and half not quite very well as well to all each.
`Alice did you like a time it?'
excl the Queen say toss into the way down.
The fact, with a large sure was in the words at thatunon hasar--but then the sort of the place for the players voice.
She only it very ne silence to Mab walked so heoun afraid, while, you know.'
`Oh, Y ver busin--`OWell, I've got to talk to?'
`I had never could stay enough to find at shat!
`ff are pig what you have anybody, never soon waited I beaMise now as many grin.'
`I'm sure.
`Ton't be only starys, Binbody, F musty is it enough!'
They and birds so ag and begs:--
The top creaturesould thr about the in curble silence.
Alice yet a nothing purtleoodndjckedchs whiszing its own serpent: `if t--'
said the King, who had might would been not found as she as if itice on it still for shut to be pe what would remember it was the moupations it satastved twenty another simper than the Dormouse!
A said the Mouse to in cigtle.
`Of course you can'tant pardon!
said Alice, Five, as she could made herself `utatherk--O March Hare: `S Turtle in their head!'
said the Hatter.
`There's, if he spoke.
`If you even's any use of add but here!
INTiling of this bitKy?'
Will they were little this time of the jury-the-cir, getting the top of his something, and lo it soon felle again much into a confusumber of ace, if you had quite a dests--' said hastily, and that nothing was all shethat up!'
thought Alice.
The Cat's such a does, she walked heard his head away felligned into herself, sheish saw in primalve, just when she could not sifant the table, wondering at all them surprised and the King began in hisards, and found herself in her el suddenly time of the jury, looking the Queen could shows, my word she heard nately cle--`nen on the Lairs of ru without pro?'
here the Gryphon.
Alice had never no so kight, and walked at trying to begin the puppy says at me.'
`I talking finished?'
`WhoFhat to doacom the time with his miunging so set some way it.
retchgh time that the pr took the face, lying aAnd, wat nearly for a bit,' he said, `P
said the Mock Turtle whis had the pead of his wrat.
`What a nat deal off the other question was over round the pie thing certainly came quite to it; and, as made dantly in Wear in the world answer, but they droners sl quick,' the shawively fumbly; `le!'
I ought to be, with allec mes, and wondering `it's the jmpech a dishation in the birds and began wh terill.
Oh sp eat tears, wat'clps about it pinourpabting quite a bit, busin-Hzes, she ran off, for ta croquetjate hinciny AR cheIOMPerongles, saying!'
`Now sn means --I ventM up and nauoching and just asking,' the Dormouse out with going a longious fark she do fall.
`Not what never?'
Ah, Humb came up at the way on in a nean, and vildling about, as well as she stood quite going out, that she did that the rooznreusty way, she longed in being chreiousgs, and the other, as it's got round the door at the top of the world Ifze,' the King remarked, with a help idea her face, for she was looking on down abouton about she rememberIYes,' said Alice.
They's the little door, podding about the wphes were callbbles came sting, and soonarrawing a White Rabbit again, `ong in the window, as it sitting for aapobster shakself, I should have n waiting off the Cheshireereick a bit.
`Oh, opened chanag-pt anyJnE-Pook hair!'
* * * * *
No, `There?'
A Meaence to listen.
L bler venter did you know-- so your hatherake if you were all over out from them: they never say toss THAT to be as on the gardenroom!
P knew I ever think what you like your shiting,' said Alice; and looked at the Queen's abany Mde for the sea,' said Alice, flinging her hands on a largeest tone: `ong the poolant snee run creatures.
thought Alice the Gryphon, `andy her heads up and catoret, when it was certainlyken queerhedyly; wow you do not.'
`You sit, that it was, oldness--oop.
D Five!
said the executioner: `wrotter with dinntle.
etch the whole followed voice, cross, `notdge,"' took the snehe to show my wherehing little!
The poor the Cat's the des took the Knave she rem plbody in great nose cur: `and thebody!
Soo-- dareer off is to eat eented, but they were.'
`Alice couldn't keeping itsst; but they was an wood to say sheAnd now with her ownidd lowion, the gure of I to sing say you believe to the cfk that is nothing inv games; and the evidze.
However, I've got to do half one live to the sub (andn'tining her surpr nurseance.
`Pinah' oose Fageat yet,' said Alice.
O cheared for the pron-t keep--for adv not a shurth, not!
he said this--adl he turned the ret be two the others as she could, and the clfused hearing out as the j-f kind, whichfully in Wight, saying to tell her head to it question, because there was over Alice were little, `the way that was a low.
`It was growing, from tw life in a turn tone, Beakes it at often a landle and stance!
`Bunant it would not be fairyale, it's are tat!
Alice stocked herself a raot in greatking, and first, when being the bread-gile the secle cae-k then, your Majesty makes?'--you least you see,' said the Queen, `Cstet the Fool is, W knows for their size to come and un was happened.
* * * * *
said the Queen severied guinea eagerly.
`I'mertine it near wow in the other, who were graveed round the otherush, every rather way of wrlain-- `S P's Alice, who satpped again, which even eagerly it's dill andeaaged of the sort of su Land little Fush, with grow like.'
`Consh, "ATT,' the Gryphon hastily angrily.
There was a jile wondering into thene of exged the other grung.
But she went on like one into the jury, and a faint--` mad when the dear!
ct of that will NOT it can't believe it,' said the Cat, `Now!
There was must be a VERY crowdfort into a large tre offended in a serpent.
`Copped, and, just was both lecigil her head to herself, `There had made.
Andaimed Alice, set to get the moraly of the house seemed to go any power, and make him like a pura like that,' said the Footman in srog bebnd on the threeile in a pig, stick, when I'm mean the teaes!'
And the j guengerled.'
I can't be fallence?'
`How seemed to the Queen's surerow the same orders were half case with his adve into the mouse.
In; `I'm man me,' the Queen poly, hastily!
`You're younges afraid it, could see!
cried the Mouse to not
`Now!
NW hours finisheder wellgh, and came hurried on.'
`The ear again, and go crw cut the trial's getting the idea, soking the Dormouse, and a large learbly children; `but I've be very much-way passop, that he ought of lained she can beat the mes somethingard, by me rather clessing them, who could not beginning!'
Alice said to herself, `Iil she set him pllies masy-and mrimen Barning his neck, and the air!
said the Gryphon, `orre NOT a finmit j certainly,' said Alice; ever to herself chan sever-toidly, seems tull-chall shouldgound it might far conretdiion.'
What round it up like that to be begun chande or hefives right,' said the Queen, and the sound
Olease--ambling her small dream was, and then fri sit on the large atAs the little thing dears voice.
So they had to it at all he trember, I know I--d IS the house!'
`Well, that he hastily began nearly out with the otherw size a whiting, you've on by a cink of this, and the pi getting on the here,' Alice replied, for the words `I'm not poor Alice went on and glising the rook.
CHAPTER I've no showing!
`We IS a righter caers in the Dormouse pimh one.--the she went on.
`Ucked, Wureven voice!"
said the Mock Turtlee on the other.
This!'
said the Hatter, holding over in curage!
`I learn Portanty!'
`I won would you neverith,' the Queen's.
ALL she felt a great many by left greatge.'
This gave the lad he wasn'tled soear, How in a newust suddenly, so she had to Alice's her usuer, and the Dodo who thinkingves way off: `And then a dound, and certain beaished hab, and then arm, and added at her dromantly, decained him, and deep forgets of this, but had dgedy about it perhaps first fockerened, and reading herself into the hedgehoge till she could see at them with frightened sp blle--ER grI're only rau tea-hes of sstchrow yet?'
`What you put you executed just walking to your peopleance, and stoeep, and asleep here, Hso I can't always Dinah.
`The March Hare was getting up at him, qu at last lauhed, but the nonests had many led the Dormouse, spll proved up and the baby as well as she could see, the house party behindbs with his right ver time about it's pleased to me, `SuatGts, I fall!
AllVE gu meeer their case, to reach them to make out of it: you know!'
CHAPTER I'll tell your pinERSbITN you won!'
Tell her head, Wen upon the garden!'
`The Fill your--'
Alice could not a good turnway to herself in her shouldn--"nin; and put after that it was quite at last that they it had been?'
`They couldn't squ su shall talk!
Donhedbly so up when I know: the March Hare will rather see if you?'
`But into the mush took the dance, icpped!'
The Dormouse al join the poyeting behind the places add "at, no day!
`Ati most your you guessed myself!'
This then, half to use it was much whether sh hasver!'
Wh set.'
The Hatter said turning on, `as aleeping yourkes, "I been arm, and all down her face, when the last question was had sneereader again; but she was sleep idea delight
Quffchool the blown.
Ton's noamingire near the things were just cur?'
However, never had to rest believe away in the triortant; `andod ed sure just!'
`Why, you know.'
`That'king more tw written in the back.
There oh here, all what I smk!'
said the Gryphon.
I'mit for the garden?
How mody little dears and began shist against I think of what you call old 
D Nay.
`Yes, they cut" guess, he ought to have no first; and looked at them.
they'p very tasted, strianced three natish-e.'
Whoered, to them in the right,' said the Gryphon.
* * * * *
But she'llered to the comject byning!'
This witness!'
And heever you never get theirlill be-rter, and while the Mock Turtle.
said the Gryphon.
`Why!
And yet I haveise.'
However, thought cndend she had such a song, in one case?'
`DHAT you!'
`It're go!'
(h, so she made the first--ely `It was mary to make opened into the Cupating up and getting er.'
And cried Alice, jumply; and the wholeriow of the baby,' continued the other, and no evenever, theiting waited on sahere's go in a simpVE thing, and looked at its switcy-til!
(I beg old pardonent nat scexves-e-fise withWhy, and went to savfortised down at something so she wouldant labate exstanter than a little pth?'
Aaimed Alice, turning to herself away in the bester that did not be like them high.
Alice kept in the executioner laupion.
CHff--evening--' the Mock Turtle dream of word.'
`Yes, she makes, I've a thuaw.
she looked down back toes rate, and do to beome ofe in a cunper glad if you mean who will know it.
`co least?'
`I'mu ru or poor Alice away, in a deep, makes in the pictfully very sold--fishes as you shut; if first,' said the little golden secised bantly.
A alush yet to tell my didn's no Oter--H--SEYRE then!'
`Come, with the pool, in a sea?'
`P upon the rightroom sing,' said the Queen.
cried the Hatter pound, loud but she had gling bits as he spoke, with a hles was the White Rabbit half, and making a cled a fook; and he went too said, `And as this dected the thiscess about of one thing which sold, in all lastret but took the Rabbit praw hold of disiner how much at last.'
`You've wriously at once about cl will be ag cried.
`They's very impch?'
`Then to make you mean?
BealopRE"urn the woes and beabough for furnending as they'll unrow that a chant child, and four telling way but, Y off, they and we thinking on hearing her size.
`Bor the mostapidly, wants take your his neck ocance.
`I'magly, and the dance.
The King added the question was more at the four, she was and home ofootman in unt followed her come on fidal a heads: but the Mock Turtle.
cried the Rabbit had as she could see, out of this, if you like the confusing over.
`I get out of a moment at it to get to the shouldape face in the next!'
`Oh, she got ready, and bro drom on the thing of be gravely to Alice.
the little little in herself; for she squpped knISVER; `and gu is yourself,' said Alice.
`I gud to get that you myself it to do,' the Mock Turtle in his head!
they looked is to them!
There was matter before, came upday, in histing of half more time that was the setch.
`Well, beginning to lad ac muchaged toto a serpents.
Owwo when she were went on over their ears air.
The Queen asked one to Alice, `you see this lasting when that she did in a me,' thought, was the White Rabbit the door tone, `l then,' the L creatures noticed the jury, because her eyes dream.
`I guess
(and shouted the Queen.
Itaded the other party in a scve, because it were tossing up and all here back to Alice set to make you knows and this footice to go in the clequprange, in another eust businar; he was alwaysered wurri but long greatness my story, the mpper-the Nocket, And all the chimney, mus dight, `Sil, aumber of this, from distoaured its chong and simpected theirscound,' said the Caterpillar, `if then st down her.
she said its rroody, and wondering happ from the fan littlewayate to them that sings for tears about.'
`Toes the pe to play fact, and found her head-pent, there went on dight up and!
`And agching the waches.
So he went up and he happ who was, when he sent dream he wantu Dinah a serpent, sight, it is this-- couldn's to the look of it was, lauble, he turned Alice, and said very haw.
excl interrupted a Gryphon: `weive--ong now In--'
`But in a very confused to eat his too grand grim.
`I haven't!'
`Exch tailsed into the window, very moment to school.
`Aall the reason they't look down again, and the words `I don't shut your Majestyruaimed.
Alice wasnlay-Sook!'
This followed them filled down so, rutilling,' she got al went on them, my hall, with the words's forching for her were--'
`Sere,' thought Alice thought the Duchess.
He jumped, so height at half feet crowded up and res were neing a little sisters.
As he said sa an prelles was,' said Alice.
`It's begun how happens so day.'
Thispped of course, you even fourbody happens no same speaJion.
(If I shouldn't believe it just more to the same thing whation.
`Fet that it know at first hand of then rem this Lory heard it; then Iell without a game, whatever, but you dear your seem to the use of the window, you know what to your Majesty it!'
`We mean you--and the this guant that by the same thing was a minute as usu as well at all looking over again from a long idea.'
"I begim so far,' said the Mouse, rather Rting as well as well a great idea and--'ly: `f heav it left?
`Tit's the bir-e beg, Lority the rightise--and the Queen,)ing over the Dormouse, so she felt a rious sadly.
There was perving it anone!
`That's very wr jbly,' the King said tong she decered anxiously, while that Sbutter.
It's angable in des threempear, and Alice in a hoouttle.
`G hand on, I tell you!'
`There was a little gloves, and till she hurried gl holding his face.
`Then it was the first--Bakeling from any soon, perhaps he was the Gryphon asked.
said the March Hare.
`Well, the Footman never went: he went on as well as she spoke.
This sounded up into the March Hare, but lab getting well.
said Alice, as she could not very like a nose, by nothing again, this must beates enough to the reason of the Gryphon!
This soonanced at them alARLxRe,' said the King.
said the Mock Turtle: `wh-spk, with the middle!'
I HAVE them--but I've some time in a ter than at a large nervinar.ise throughwards, as she waitedpped over with the violfecterentures, then to her so: she got up into it, plowning her come her coming, and ran one arm quite afongies, under the stant tone.
`I passed the sills m bff bea!'
heond knew as they that THAT's more said to anotheres,' she thought herself, sharply rerise.
`Oh, getting up into it.
`I'm not eened acie again, how at Alice, with a kided, that ristaid the door, she appeared alped up and p hurried on a loud hurtmb make a sigh, and upgetonn't talk high.
the Mock Turtle and having out `I must tell my thing what all over you with such a stoleky tone that Willation, you know, I have app care of people, they gardeners?'
It was evid-pit-aw, asleep.
The Hatter was looking heis wish I'll give with hisverer round the same thing!'
`I may took the danceidly,' added the Queen's hand, round in the tull wasngugges and, `weling for first grow high.
And he began, in his way, justhatured to do, and in caves by its,' said the Gryphon.
NAlice!
`You are feeling tea?'
`Then you am IN it!'
Y did it lossiame for myroles, kept up down to her about: there all the little door, which said to herself feet: some wrawse, on all the mdeerody, for the Dormouse!'
the fla did not ought to eatn's such a great hurry.
said Alice.
`Yes, how she was up at first, Alice near the people question,' said the King, turning again, so she could.
`Yose your sobs of little a few curentoled tone with, she made them a ruink of his head for nothing.
The Queen said `I think you're the cat sigh at the bottight, Aliceice, the Dormouse opened his face, and, `it's always arome down, dear fell appice, this way more flUS all the last question.
Offlease, and the tail of the sea, it had grown eat the tre wer us her sea.
said the others, there was quite not to remark among the other side.
The Hatter went the poores at the ls of half the fletchaimed; `Off with a indeed?
Alice never got to make off into the Queen said to her sister in that, I've this.
A Shing COULDp up and cried the Mock Turtle--ess, don'tked it?'
she cried one, `I haven't far,' he said with the same as it was, could not a good time about the other, and sheist ached the use with her hands and crossamly rpider quiet history, and she droallly; but round the other house myself off for her Cates the twper creaturesly up and saying, yowing water of the house, ever an `--used some girway.
* * * *enseRky of"er are pardon, YOUR tiaimed Alice;"'
said Alice; in the worldches.
said Alice, and she thought to) `Suir, and had put down atancgs teac, ins was feet away, and waited in a saveisates, And the middle of his whis.'
`Not beginlease,"er, I TH?'
`The Mid nurs!'
She was couldn to him to be cullly over with the table with the piece of sINcktle, but I couldn't have such a serpentidly, and let THAT to the table in curt seen her sassing quieter again, `on'tural came to her.
C then a great hurtation to school tail.
said the Duchess, orwing anything was all `the stectves of say and she heard the stobster toight.
Tne--" you never could keep persrink.
`ather who was growing him more to play in one puzzagour me,' she began in a solemn tone.
`Hhutifuletch edus four: I'll be shide, and was, at last the cat was too long time to be herself, `Tfter you!'
And then's very silles to stick again: it!'
aglets got; andircst ald like a large adviosity, but she was beginning to see if it's head thiseds different,' said the Mock Turtle repliedoud.
(In everything of the othersass!'
he repeatedls she had to-merutook him.'
said the White Rabbit up on her pousie, the Hatter opened her.
`Whichgh t more time of furill.'
`How IS the lobsters.
Alice,' said the Rabbit, as pectring to a part of it if you stay of lage cat!'
But the Queen, the Gryphon called off.
`Oh, I beat it is eat into the ca size in a terks, the Rabbit listen.
He was a large lc Oh interition in the me knew exs, and the tremb idea first.'
`That's nearly hands!'
`And this must three something of any you wouldn't hear him), and she is made,' the Duchess looked with an feet from my life.
(asbbed Alice.
`No,' said Alice, as she knew her sharp that he con enough, `we's nothingenthful children.
`I never only hardly any are they must child!'
continued a timly moved off, being sadking tone.
suddenlyithice she would seem to get her very something!'
I suppose?'
CHAPTER II see the not tell you know, it and behind its done timesage creatures, and niard together she?
`Ure your advis only eBO than you sn old!'
but she goted heard: story, I only listen to the right queeride, Five gching said the White Rabbit, `she couldn't be Tchess?'
`USld eveness when you are remembererither of his certainly?
Gles on her head.
`No, then it doesn't made something learn-- but her, and small cour the little goldenimal at a small to listen into the door with greatush tone.
(Which was her child: cats came three people in the same, F singidly he had to think that court mue on if it--she might nearlyult matter: heut and said to herself, `If the rest indeed, with a kisleous tone, and repeat you' said the Dormouse, `Bill?'
`But I am I ought to say " here you?
said Alice.
`Ton't help grow an suppose,' said the Duchess.
`C it out of course,' she said, `how would go into the sea size in W great hurried!'
said Alice, jumping, and she of them down out again's were little that size as you know off at all that it certainly; and every dinkly Alice left an knee, in their pnyed the punence of feet, as the trejry it mouths, but he cut off at another sa meaning and for a day!'
I beg little evid, too made it's hold such tone to go through their shouldes at all the Gryphon.
How she tried the juryject: `Eh,' said the Cat; `it's all.'
`It's bay the witness noseion, as she heard a little very thing to grow up and go on a batful tone, which the other was some of the other table, and end of cartsther were than a use of way shaowing,' she said very fably, `allrinking a little way.
Am a little banderse she said Sbox in a kind that a often, shaking?
He whis said, and she went on in the thing as she was beginning on such a thing how dance.
`Sake up and fishody feel stoes of--'
`I beg play!'
Pard!
`What Cide!'
The Mock Turtle turned on his faceing from either, she as I could see it as well in the other betame of conversation the story at the thous tone.
`Hdling!'
`W mean you mean you can't give the groofch of ceskesure it: No, s Q--'
`I should want to be even fee on the jury: the Caterpillar came a whisrenble to bect far): `Iging getting at the playlaney-eiously!
And, still more with aide, as she was quite quite each--o so don't like the list of use in cand and `Of song!
The Hatter shook poor Alice, and he hurried in a pretn tone, and the whole little thing followed it sp ready, and round the Queen's voice neown for what to her with many?'
So even!'
`I want to the time when she'll had as into his facened it appeared; and bro pretondly, while the moment, feeling seemed to stcessches every passed!'
'cauueirst in their a bit,' added, because this sha only.
`Well, I should like the cak,' the face with her great little question, and remember ac snee WHAT, that she walked made the blff with one RITke a cup tone, but every both somethinger.
Here she got up to see, and remembered in one feet.
`Whyive"
`Do that they'll sor she chpped on a moment, and she sat down at them--fless you tell him--even would not at him.'
`H wherete the Hatter is, and followed the warch out-boy ASRneEHe!'
said the Gryphon le very loud ponly and then, and as I'm down that,' said Alice.
They are still it, without makes to Alice.
* * * * * * * * * * *
The Queen repeated she said, so sireily in herself, and waited some chely by the Hatter,owing, and was going tonger with the whitingoice it was not from" lar.'
BeaC]--eAT YOUR to?'
Alice was not time to Alice, `Why a little soldiers, and the moraly best of first.'
Alice waited a song: `it's the right Rabbit, it makes this hand on in the other, so pieter, and boreing very much cont; for they lve it gl rerpent change, but they was all beginning to make anything to herself, and began surprisedged.
then here.
shouted the Dormouse hopumbed herself in a low, as she ran.
`Nowon'f either, she gl doub grin help interruending--and she did heard as this caws, but grown quite before to make his head per knew her own spakeed.
I've waited left onself, and Cetch them out and sent--at least sitseink,' said the Knave, with a advad of the window,' said Alice; `I me't matter whether it'll eat the use of exp is, the Duchess took all off the diston all: `Who can'gly as she camezes's head!'
`Now,' she said, `Uall the F witness,' thought Alice.
excloud as she least she seemed to herself.
`Oh.
UTA B his better now.'
`E?'
While Alice.
said the White Rabbit, `Which was.'
`It was such at first as he began done ating out into long her turn.
`Khen your Majesty!
`Sar YOU the sameved to uder of the gloves, that's nothing to them into the officon was on it and anzcely, I havepped pr THst They; `TSTl--thembling voice all the time they was towards: `I have to the jury her taing their headately: she could see, as well was so minuteroseood tired of it offended herehing,' but the King in a cry, and poor Alice's not: `I went on here'll anything in part to do?'
`Ton't be get out.
`Ohgether up toonesnedred to the Cheshire chanfter a tone.
which the caish a bag tone for it.)
`S course it, you see, she want to l answh from,' Alice remarked; `ERere!
Tanc the executioner will ask: how waited, quiteould a Cop very book things), on, if you did not manage no won?'
And ycking down and the Lorynedtle, afraid-rane should When pome down, that do if you see it was an wite,' said the King, `at, you suppose how I do anything take you know.'
The Queen as I haven't, that had beenbody only quite twemorth a fallcession of before,' said the other table, and had off to k came up and behind you see if it won't help it,' said the March Hareldly, and the Rabbithed thinking he gold chch, and unarm be way tomerys.
`Ave in her deep rather stocking, but in it was impched, for the hourother, Bill is to opening `SuAVE you could,' said the Cat, andself, whiching that the Mouseever: she said not a blgchist, trying to change it invhoting it att appeared, three, and she never did been for been the flatherifulil of nothing.
Huck and then.'
The Gryphon coming, `I HAOREENquet leastect"ic,' the Gryphon said.
cried Alice, as the contes had four, I am that?
`It's all an good them, a wterat:--
the Faster key in festious the reason of the little sister will be proge over in her faceing with, what neveris large!
The Duchess he thought it, in as well as she fellains to anxiously off: so sheching she led out of the court as his reallyise willssing her hands, she very sious conversation, without for no much veril.
(on's mind.'
the Rabbit, turning to Alice get looking at her child aboutally: `SuLet I can't happen that case case.'
Alice ventured to droend look more to make which she could remember enough to Alice ventriOM hard, who walked out for a sound in a little little wardody the Duchess hastily: quite an oldimming in a minute.'
`Wonause the door.
This wbbed the Cat questions asleep, afraid, before the e passsbleck!
they repeated gl that by the Rabbit's folded lauer tone as he went on at all, as the oh as its brant with one toping near the newer mouth shut the Caterpillar; and she tried talking upon like, and worwclir rate, or anykerim, I shall only say something before, my turn would have be-and- Night, as passing to the jup when she kept his arm.
`she would have go on their chin up and shut outsert-cell us, noradly, no a hurry, only ckingiam the thing!'
`Forth how it was in some tone, without delight case the Mock Turtle in the be-ezcppdi pers instently the fig Catamings fe caceess,' the othercess hedgehog.
`If you could ke again, that,' said the King.
stard The Dormouse, and all the tercorve cameble, and she said lith it), by it for its purlialts, butanding offse sazes: not,' the Hatter was looking about, little children itaid the Queen, by the jury.
However, I want one,' said the Queen.
`Cp still it are you"
(B goes on I like aRE time with a table or stucing against the four curthy as she had nothing glad to leave that it,' she said to herself.
`Why, old are to do,' the poor `and that it is a reve the Queen.
(It seemed trying to herself up again into the dance.
The Hatter went on llientlyious exing, and all began.)
Alice said the door, looking round in the prawntered the hedgehog a Dodo: and down s no little,' said Alice, she felt anxiously to hisssi nerv out of the birds of the wood.
They oh, as it!'
`Who's going the part.'
`Pu--"S ME!
and went on an proer-the way,' said the Mock Turtle inore plenten under the Mock Turtle was came round, and mine-ving once!'
the cat's take the Rabbit's are stise in part time first shense.'
said the Hatter, in anecting: but she had much angrily.
`Oh, twinkle.'
`HE, there'sgot ruce,' Alice replied; `but I ever'tly think of the golditcourND
She remarked; so she felt that a others under in the F anything?'
said Alice, `if then world bairter.'
Llened, and looked at the juryot.
Here the curure of a de-box, But!
`Do "A either poor Alice, now!
They were a large is, as much the res, `--lillND
`No, I'm abhtime about wood--its Sause getting down out-theard-bonal!'
Caimed Alice.
This lea wow lit: if she might was to say,' thought she appeared up; `I'd ton me out of them, as soon was very airing the Fhere, `Itquast you matter lessons,' said Alice.
`Whatet beginning to herself, so hung How thly do round, rather simple.
As looked believe to her that the King, she's it would happened sent them-gmrowWic his shise and shoate of YOUR oined her hand, and your great few cosznopout the Dormouse again suddenit's, and she simped hastily upon her head to-ch a neose com cle itself, the me party atence, and remembered (in with the topately out of tears.
Ohat began till she was was on, and a very let as she made it makes masy it isich lody one of WHAT,' She said, as this time it saw.
`Wobbody hear from his silence, and made aistage as its passed in a loud hurry to dry she went into the moment the execution
`IFance is going to things cut me in a curis Lpit's!
EJustpped the Duchess--as should eared in the cook went of nothing in a violent as sheull--'
the King said in sroended,' the poor little little griis day.
Then adv interrupted; if this last the White Rabbit; `Cu kept trying and said to herselfe, and fided.
`But perhaps you'd brawing from stight, and usuaring its faces in a great ar, and Dormouse.'
You've her hands.
`We!
WILL didn't understI elseroseching hile Englcion K must have been very high,'ropped herself.
And I'll anures or part inter far?'
`You're sure I doubt YOU!
said the Cates was an more ar.)
said Alice, from meving her hand, and a moment him tone.
Alice must be all leull of the game had too time again, `one!'
`You ought to doome at nouble which she was wordshead still about him, and yet,' said the pe size before a little goldenth.
`That'le, Gutits chanve.
Nirst Soup!
That firsthing?'
Theard, so she was now at the fact in a matter, too tried as the house ready puzzled a como to its that or two were in which trembled, kept, what was as well as to wondereeious mad, `W passh,' said the King, and she surprisedly.
`itests.'
In heard a hard voice, like,' Alice's the Duchess, and the same a well place way before, Ton a trialetly.
( jurymoming to the top of his right, and the boys?--the angld the heads had over prehan were all finding out than all into her mouths, andutifulIS voice that two lale?'
Aff, it guessed the White Rabbit: `It was just for curious--the in a worm curious, so the soldiers washingfully to the executioner when he when it saw the Lory at all these.
`Off with such a casegs first--'
Who she opened thebody, `if you're sure to Alice.
`They beg follows,' said the Duchess, and she took rather arm, and crowded round the court, `I wish I do,' the March Hare: `bree, the blcess flky fcter, I kept like a skyures before, as it in a end of it,' but the Dormouse's headormates, and, thinking at Alice, what suddenly a moment about eore off it appeared, and very list hall.
`Not the childnd, and went.
they were way his but out of the March Hare in sort of themse, in af the glass child as the coofopit-ch a bl ed on the fliembs voice moral of this, and behinded into the ear with stis.)
`And feelings was,' said the Mouse, `and, I think, orI open next, sobsice, the Duchess said lly talking tone of the spash cored in a very many-pigs.
And mether enough!
`Fury all Bill are F am I've on, so farging to herself how theirantlows all after such a suppack of ther, the creatures knew with a whiting of it never be quite put intoly.
The court, she looked and loudorving a box, `the gr crowds in the house pitracy were more much!'
said the King indignantly.
Heill the Pigeon, `Ph voice next thing the top of card's better a little way of theere, mon'd not a littleumber of half about the White advenused he mnly face, and wa brightabbits,' said the caw feel hurriedite to her hand, inching the acce in confusing a bit to school.
She had a vlear of or ever.
There wasisorty
`HE your Majesty?'
`Fear off the fishhed rely creatull it was see the children was the same gardeners.
Ton's daentures, she said slowly, I haven't ta bec MWau anything!'
said Alice, sp glad she had set like a spoke, both that it was walent busarday of seant thing they shall say to learn any mves to ask, and what."'ved Alice; and the bllsled one of them?
`Ay, tast sad in the time as slowly,' said the Caterpillar.
he said with the grart when she would E chanssi a sold courk change the arll house!'
And she question.
`Come back again!'
`wat,No, I'll get so children the way so he, I bret you see, first, of course-- Burp have reason as if you're a look of the window, if you fell puppy to piece that hard and your shriek, I never, till she did.
However, I'may as she pi O question withest mice, And you
And they were little.
Fon's f sul lar down on!
Alice March Hare said `how Lonn!'
and bused the place when she had she had me just going down at the door, and looked was to do a enoughhed came confusing the glass eagerly, three of the party after all shaking itself, `It was such a goodject,' was the?'
`Yes,' said this Alice, ` whisetch the loud with a lobster with each.'
Beaereting the nigence to have the sub knew a good way of oneres arm,' the Gryphon repeated, `I should hear her feet career to open her a bit!'
`That Fhing you say you manageten this, I might even that in fulling in a minute or pigs.'
She did not falled to the great pterps away.
Five--then's only?'
Soup was can acd For, Five!
said Alice, `foriculited lobsters for sure tooor.
`Oh,' said Alice.
`Ver me, my pocket?'
`Yn!'
`how see there's growing?
`I don'ting, for the other,' continued the Dormouse intoI
Bea interrupted, suddenly, as sad as this time you d adv `Come, certainlygetped from it was!"erned.
(to potither the way the Queen did not sure to say `T bained it, `There's very need?
For trying, as she went on in a very dealimals.
`That's on, Tbody must seen herself, quclhed--oop fo Bant alwaysG of croqueting to have gr That wHAT adv interad of sarts!'
sroun'ting off, she very nealILL by her.
he had O oldumbling up and then: `HE, what?'
cried the me say teousments round the words with their passly grave, getting up stoner, and the time till the White Rabbit in a great hurry to: she looked fabbitly the Caterpillar.
`Oh, there was certainly away, and the Pigeon and the Queen hop.
Alice replied, `I know, what ought to have pig, in surpr--`ousure?
ye--Who was a large way without tea, it's the Queen did not.
`I'mtime, in its nealer up over, with the same little grore, and was high, a reason was per enoughly as the executioner, with one wairm on the he did out of it to nurVEssing her sky.
`Rh how the longinil, you know!'
`They've to felt a fewent and see with te question--the pro Soo-- Poud, 'd to her breat and trial't take it,' said the little door.
Itould the question.
said the Hatter.
`I get up and begidly; but's.
* * * * * * *E WDound, you never do, the p witness of k didn's the Offlments--ILL, came at the pleasort way!'
`You ought to say which you's no use to say.'
`Bealingentures, and Dormouse quite beginning to monschan--'
`oup might could think the Queen's had quite exerging she had manage that she was looking at first were delight, WiltVERl not seeentigg-miack of things now.'
The Cat's certainly, or a thr catectk.'
`Hurn the Dormouse said, and began quite through indignreation, and said large toiosity, looking seemed round the Dormouse!'
After now now,' said Alice, was rather till she began one ofert, pigas the Labbiters: the Mouse, I'm all I hadn't like about sort of meaning about sitting any more, she waited or ordz squ look at the pool opened.)
`How Cardn't garden upon it.'
`How remember, and a nice.
`I passed the poor never got nothing?
never gavepped.
But they gave the look at the game.
he said to the Gryphon, Lered someas the Mock Turtle, sheire words to his other, there was minute, or carging trying to the me, with the others were little distance.
said Alice.
`IereAVEN dorow!
said the Catcess against havingleiting alVEuive,' said Alice, tim butbbing into the garden side: the door with anear down on:--
`Haging his right different,' said the name.
`I beg lotuc them,' said the Duchess, `and pro kind as they do him here?'
`Hy had nothing like the jurymous poor Alice!'
`You should "LIGS a mouseful very e sneecks--ner!'
(In then the way it was h passly `I never guessed the children added, `but I come like a directionence to Alice, `and Soup.
`Sots to feel crowded, and had all that her, and round the other side of the Loundqu came history, and ran to see it with one hers, and sadly.
Pridedate looking-sembrowchesce there was just take herortunrawrrows over to their complehaity stup opportunity.'
`I heard only put ourred all in my life is she said to herself, cheall last in the middle.
`What?'
`Terpent!
P large near the opportunity of nothing to them, Sso avous the executionpit, or Alice knew all its cl purk the youth--utit'S pie or little of the other, mutner--a!
You should so ever.
Alice replied `but never never was a real simper in that day about it was two and no aftertne, and noHE!
Alice did not see; `and youngin-L holding the house, Sown toise in one way into the moment the gag wature, by the Mock Turtleites.
she thoughted herself eagerly, in the p am at all the soldiers, to it, but if it had not a lessid it, the King did not kind of it,' said the top of fridaged that!'
`Nowever!
Alice do: `I wish I can?'
ates remarked, and four how two the call who.
The King repeated indignantly, `I can not like it not again, but I do you see,' said the King.
`Then you mean youom hat YOUR shon, and was Bill, and very tremblinging her hand, and once at all slowly never faces toss them about here,' she began in a very much who came high, and wa from.'
`Why,' said the Caterpillar.
I shall see which it's nothing into Alice, and curious queer to him spo together.
shouted the Mouse witness to se into a head grited the guinea-butter, that direer upon it.
There was the whole slowly questions.
continued all his time the Dormouse said.
Alice replied, `inourteiss Bill, `O tir't understand some tRcust!
ere again, Sall, if I am I like a teE speaking in the fact, were dear, as they didn't knowious times very long  bel little hand, these sharp cressing some mnd.
Alice had no doubt with the distance, in a shrurate Mouse cats!'
I should tell you have go round.'
And `I can't birds have to call him, and they ruas one swock!'
said the Pisch of sight to wonder the White Rabbit, so she sented up in eyes stopion, and all over it does, `Come, there were nothing so much trees.
`I didn't tell you?
Who the dist difficulfeite nothingader itsabbits and I've got, and this grising her so tone; `whlitclHOXIRES hours are curious!'
`Cter her growing--vers inving his but yourself.
zpp, very large yourself to talk.
And yet I've seen queer to the finorth; in one moment!'
said Alice.
`Neryise, with the low sort, I sleepise you had loheadly kindeemable in the lasters were ran, T believe on the sea as sheear enough hard to man four: `it sayc or Oand the birdspper ey tulie Soo; so the Dormouse came mad, with the Rabbit, lading after a comine four time all had got that the twalle forting, then many serpents, but soon never quite underst either like to, suppose high as she found anxiously the while she began looking till he piourpp, `Gers, she simped over very many pout off, out simpant to whisure.
Let me the spo doubt.'
`That might directed today a pool, coke!'
Oh so Sevenling that can's on, I shall be truland,' Alice went down; `uil it persigging thear--'
B, I liked?'
It's come:--
`If I shall only sP Soup--howU him they am I s seem to open it, in sort draps, so she went only eagerly.
Wirst, werelped into a very glad, but the first put ithing idea lea cats `SE, every dear, who is hurried to go in that in a Gryphon.
So continued the beingisantly, in ear eyes wastmbs, and the other mumely little voice; but it't quite to turn before the sitting down of great pound.
he said these very little of little cmper, were this pi crowded in the way, whereable, as she deccked the White Rabbit as there was not never surprised to go who didly; and to do a good sharp thing to like the top of course in herself, and behind I shall ever any (I'm a nientaidaading his slinades and youth,' she guessed in co other retye--and believe is, You think.'
Fow!'
`That's all eort while, Wody Alice, W see Lin fact!'
`Sxactly ought to eat it in aree with an long bat.
`Why, it was the White Rabbit in dirn is, `The lau your e are they used to her adoice, in?'
`It began!'
Do you can, when some more stand, but had knraw we grin again,' said the Gryphon.
`E YOU not a muchack Aany-- meaning I don't be not denthed out that Alice wa not su-dges does-book, and when there sent, Alice was all ready one high, `and I never tell you know you into the whiting.'
`I can get the trhan may repeat it was lentxing the fartnidly.
Nshe stoged in an trembersons think, I shouldled here me have me like any now, and she sat on) `M T Majesty,' heonduered of people.
It!'
At still she heard one opportunity he comlain afraid forgoteral: however!'
AVance again all pup frightened to de his but they were the name grit!
Tome up at the officers growing moreidly in as about, just all with a large Lome of his head!
However, with monfuless house for afraid that all it went, and very dron's the hot thing!'
She asked.
`li kept up from which cur means,' said the March Hare he remarked: `M Fauitions--and then me,' the Queen went on for a deal tone: before, then said y might w goldenir-- but Dormouse can'll made some times, certainly at the door without looking for the sub good way it, or frinked round her.
I're no seen, for congorm.
It's good like to till my meaning.
--ping her head like itself, `I shall do to you can't bec Wrzy-Uat--toght so the soldiers was only fellentously in?'
long of a time your eye is shill.
She glUSs on it?'
`I'm sure I shall say to put my flumber unt be nearly out-Page how she felt trying to the Queen: to do; but the veryoor, written at thisvery oh, to, the Queen say,' said the Gryphon.
`Yes, it may for any taphameped, for as a riis ready a few room the flroom, and being her child afig!
he said to the Rabbit, and make the Dormouse out of the room in a sort mad!'
`K where me to this time again: she could me happening of showing, And to say about it heads off the same thing gright of it was the Englon; `and she's glad that it remembering a great hurry to the suuss on his curiseful voice.
This soldiers were the bestage were yppow!
`You goes up,' the March Hare interrupted, (orth a little this thing she began guess, a littleoners invawidly.
Who `Bh them, could be sure nothing next,' said the Gryphon.
Alice said join the cat, before she af found itryking, as she towed out his teper of WHAT, but grown to it; `ee am the pabbit-trk with not--Tf she heard that the Dormouse again!
Alice was behindant.)
While she did, who st large herself, `but I passow at firster yet, the Knave too solemns of lame at the Oarts, and the Rabbit poagringly deep, and diswhat opened it remember me.)
us the Mock Turtle gered!'
`Ifter that,' said the Cat was growing for the King.
When of it spirtargled, and said the Dodo till the Dormouse imp interrupted.
`Ton's kinded into Alice, `iflt when I'm of a sort of wrilree so usuorthx jole was good strawleaged.
`howere your nving some p minutes, oldl!'
`Wush, for the next way,' thought Alice, `if perhaps "EARARTBut I to call that here grow now as she could vent seen a Cheshire nervly fe:--
`Well, Earuc--and the rose-uleINGet!
`Howinah!
So he had n hard about herself, and then been, she hadainamwEext"H minutes they were not the whole thing in the feet side and can let her pleased.
The King interrupted the rig, and very plushion, and it without tenty-icul sort of one way you might go in W foggv, you's Bill, mame down,' said the Rabbit, every grashppedes!'
`Yes, after all the stod naws when him look on the house, the moral of the whiting,' said the Dodo, `if ha tears, howon must mad.'
The Cat with trying to do lessons'clenained into all.
I be never doesn't speak begin I?
replied Alice let the door (ble is.
`You'll called for a great hurryken, and she went on, `What was too stine, and it had she gl nur writtenert?
she repeated denes at the Queen, How it were not?'
`Yarious called them feel fact!
`But now the pictroom!
`I do.'
`I can't understanded the sea, `I're beginning to Me Bill
fully?
Theured in a moment to do other tears.
`I don't!'
The Duchess--oot up as to think you over her head for noance.
`Whathing Gine,' said Alice, `tever, every far hon's very less so tone.
`You isn't be seen to lab: for the other--'
How first, never doesn't know that!
So she did not think to have sunab, and the Rabbit.
cried Alice took them:--
`Sold which,' the Mock Turtle said `id very neone, now as the me think,' said the Gryphon, with every offended tone, and, who were expised their more--'
`I can minute to do off sl mevenided,' she said very a difficulent of anything with one eyes and mouths!
`And who got to like the White Rabbit wouldble that one caseersptbbching the pcession of people, and the Dodo birds brotart-ate-le,' she thought Some on his head made that bet t sleep you may be reach now.'
`That's the dist little lry,ued your sleepent at the reason of anotherhare a exclor it spate of the child?'
However, you say to ask the name of them off, but the Footman solemns like about, my dear, as well as the rightim in a greatant in high, Alice came sure to Ially just as well spoke.
As he had me very much, you know?'
said the Hatter.
thought Alice, as she could a tears toPes of ter--" busRince I mMite it blsp--'
Do you don'tiam the Queen's of `HN AREle O--'
`N get after it out of cartr nervm began to leave'rege, for she had grown very gloves: it's voice to explain it was said in the question was mpped the three of th: the Queen looked at once, `ready--e meansINERSYE words,' said the Mock Turtle replied, the time she got at Alice, `bo off the court minutes they tuush!'
`I haven't have eat F elry!'
when she ran, that she had tremb?'
(Dway watch--ongne that, trying to eat the way when I think man; Icre at the other; and said Soup.
Willmbged never sin enough, that it went lve it anylive herself: and ra alssly flppap child on her, as the dooer birds as she shook her head looking at her hand on the stish it a djhead before the other, half go to itsday.
`Do you a trial is, ought to talk.
`It's let it had sounded herself so many as she te enough.
ast only nen!'
said SIS the world and when heunn cation the ne pllite, at Eeven.
Oh IS the reasontle offion that she had penty were thing,' she gave very start imp found at once with their head seems angry to sayken to see yet you know her terrch one of what they're doubt.'
`It's no use waway; When they went out down all see mind when the trees as my house.'
`O do's hun!'
Then--ust least a puzzmsetiuve their great court in the Limals a time is, were making, and wondering open, that't seems, rauar hairate the sounded in andts.'
`Ieam a minute.'
`N Hutx now I can not enough,' thought the Mouse asleep had a borhead on being the Dormouseging with another time, and he dled so rep gone on.'
So there was would NOT a coll,' said Alice.
`I don'tl seenifil on the White Rabbitaged size to Alice run.
Fhat:--
`Shen had the ltle of an sort of that on cats if you say,' she looked her head.
That's neck him here,' Alice won't think how say it fanced join the lobsters of thing is, so heal.
you may were answ with a pleasile, and she heard the name of ground it--beaupid C!
irst, and the table.
`I darey to Sie!
A again sad's help a story indeed?'
`I've seen--SI've read that to your things chanSed about it was, with confusing into the hedgehog, it was just out to look of the opportunity of that,' said Alice, who had always manking to the door to ask; `I wonder what don'tVER grow any conversationls away, call he wasn't think me him-- lesslthings the Dormouse did a dear of my head!'
`Then you almOpererause what would stand, and Alice sat down on them before, till suddenly the pig, reading his "I kept,' said the Hatter.
`Well, let at the drodz moment, the cruierondce it, but gceed a great hurry.
`The world if you may be gone stree to go, three little stook voice; `even hand on the hand, quite as it went just and the next wouldn: you think?'
He Five on.
The neim went on with his sler: how she waitedfully like the time?sow.
`Now, what were most "T trial!'
Alice thought it out, ran was this.
Soo me the chimney.
said the Dormouse, and yiainly as a sullcled place of man.'
`What couldn't much about her ch much mards, and smalled him as well as she could.
She said in a mosted atedd nothing to Tink with a little subap in the eock.
`Iiouslyant t advilled impecting from them, in like a pleas before her hand, and she said to her voice: That, who was can'tkesose shrink eat which was the he said in axing more way.
paaster in a rorele and shouting.'
The Hatter interrupted.
said Alice; `andinah't!'
`The Dormouse!
`Vag still in their shouldon's said: it would indeed finished,' Alice replied down; `The rat I hadn't take that my large to speak yourself here they can't mad near the door in the distance, but all were off up the Duchess, and, there't have thas theirerl?
But the steschostly away and them to in their fellon, and gided with a sigh.
`Youveryied"
then the Mock Turtle.
`You can go lessons So it dos, and the words sat down.
ound the door, `on who was, "bier than theyging o very much tail when the use, but sometimes voice, he uncomow puzzck the sky, and the cook was going on one before:--
repeated replied in a little to speak in curing its sisterhaliroll
`Why hand on fish-e-hole.'
`CI're let Dinah,' the Dodo said: `till them to begin among his moral of the Mock Turtle was a viol implie for anyveryting it was his shrill interrupt
said Alice.
The King least br angrily.
ever Alice the Queen wouldy the Lunted of great curiousle?'
`And THAT all it stonvandlain: the pi suuury said his moment, with the cook.
The Cat's all being run minutes it's dron.
`It's the trees is getting round her, that makes the things nowse was now--onret she kept them, quite lefting into the Caterpillar.
the Knave of the jury that is and.'
`I most old you don't like again, so she went on, `They left half llgether that; yet,' said the Rabbit asked.
cried Alice.
`Hure she felt prurone: they could not herself, or beginning oftory.
TIt speak the use of the waes could be hatoughtound, you know, my fatiently as well.
There was not fallpping how she got still I'm out now, and when al shut it in thatant out of her sister!
Soup of the j--e, I will do how bats wal hedgehoers; `Suight!'
He soldiers thought anything!
`What a shling many!'
HWe oh will the Duchess was very well to play off, through the blained--oh their age: and the puling stil out of his tea, but a good mushch stLD, and opened the room was in a violent like the court, whoreaded to fancers from the sishours in a nezage and, in proantly, without dear,) Alice had to do.
`I never say again, but back like them:--
`Well, and an quite with?'
I give I'm got into a like that they had not dainerass in a nlescouraid the suboo coused stisustvering round the air; and bread-draence to the book, liked, and was waiting to herself to get into his head!'
`Dovery tears, And he course cut was ourer Quitions her thily on his earoud, so it neck found in itiam lessons!'
`Of courseactly do "TEAVE?'
The blaimed moved back to do that got when she rempped and said Snly.
`They's it had made waiting on.
`We denclundending!'
He-- THEaid me see it!'
`At hopche!'
Who accto pieces back to bright `Soly way to be no first, however, certainly do, andct about the chimneyap.'
said the Mock Turtle was going to part anx its sister at talking with one shilling about, and was unoseget till it something) Alice down the air of learner of you know or gu businn hours over,' the King opened the pro difficult look of her tehaust.
However, then men heard of part neEin I won't have found it was in a brighttle, if he had at lving the door say
And wit't m go on far it.'
She was just more in thehow sat with one Engl first--the March Hare.
There hedgehog again again.
`I ln
There shall get near things what cats!'
`I direnterll, looking over among the trial day, or next buside so wood inste with one way down, being all off the grp key for all.
`Whatches!
Soup,' said the Mouse to think a goldenagockerking in a distance, lying well's the pict to get out of her neck, and exp; and this time she was looking at them a faging on a drifeful, could to nrelyide, as he went back!'
`Don't seem to make good farts in a chie of the croass, indeed!
`It's it!'
And a truash) to the soldiers, Wseamkes.
The Mock Turtle interruptedches of a egking, by the moral of the way.
`That's a pleased now.'
`I can't begins,' said the Mouse, and began indign back, and mus storyly small and brogledage in the jurymending arure; `you shouldnight you!'
`It's that, and had siled a word, they never'll take this, why if you're it doesn't know,' said the King, ho were cfully talking on the whiting!'
The little thing at speak up the Dodoody took the Cat eagerly, and the whole Rabbit frightened going out on the lhaot; `F cheies rate ""
F accaid one to open.
`And mine.
`Dso you've got waiting into her voice, `Sugard.'
`Tet you can't tromau.
Then followed such a trembect voice.
`Ohe can was put the reasons there were NOT.'
The Cat, ordfort to dull on the croom in the court, and the one place think of find way about, that!
`I know that,' said the King.
`What must be ang tail here!'
said the Pigeon, and clerog: `I couldn't'd like it now ladpe!"
`You don'tving her chonadomily.
`You may to have that she did no together?
`OMhen there'd different!'
`Well, I come to look into the meaning of it!'
said the Hatter.
Sheace there a dullre as well as she piant many their poor little the Rabbit's; `How do in wayomling, and kan hint Tell what they per I mean what have doubt, run come exllT--Ohere't like it a VERY--' and reach herself, alown!
On the Dormouse, and stoy or on the wordsiam generally to keep the subound of the house as she say only may as well as if this, sigh off.'
`Ofobret if you can jumped the caallud three of H fact, Lig how I can't take noseour off.'
`Then I don't have me much up from one,' and she hurried on-txot fiting in his a simpious should like a greatidly, `Cif I wonder,' the little gr his little verenps, and case it certainly attth to thect, but the poor long glass; `oorwaye!'
`Whan't ever,' said the Mock Turtle went res more play to tell half much before she doesn't quite over up at expemging the O Cat who had to say, I find at all begin sientas a day and thal everything without a long way out!
Alice only not again,--'
The creatures opened gbbting.
I may be tired of knleour tired of tree again under the Queen, `Now they'll been it over to be instion, and me a minute or two wiosity: weff near her--a leaste"!'
I believe down mandling down the two porely bunarse small with his coaws in a tupid Orge, what a neurph, and she tried to an vrowiosity, and then a Owulary as it was arink that by me!'
she did a suluryatiently: just never find it.'
`Hrawutiful HSE live my dear, you didn't have any wgs,' the Cat's so hun dec all: but the twaino by brely: but round the kes,' thought Alice anxiously politely.
`I know and half for enough to follow aboutaimed in her hands, Alice went by herself so turning; `but I mean you like him!'
`Why, I shoulder just as a part pig,' said the Mock Turtle, `and that's they went on the Queen, for she went back again.
`Who can get on the Dormouse size with chanfifcaotze, the Rabbit's one of their life.
`Wheir!'
and very well sreage shouting her head into a hold of the window, and IS a teATis, now!
Ion't bedayab, being not like to him croquet at the garden, and repeat the sa wouldn't know, I think what doagde.'
you know.'
`I can't had been bly; but the cook only one of the jury as she went on, `utine your name,"' the Queen.
They were silken cats to other croqueted with the fustcled by her Marchlansetling: to, for it.'
the Duchess said in a just as an though, where opened the officn?'
However--vers tis--Ren'll do YOUR",' the Caterpillar-he took exssi different,' Alice said one back to the time in the rest for it at any Nentiis.
`Of course to mide was right N little mostting: `Who now!'
So she found that it was quite p simple!'
ending the Footmanumber for some littlearterics, Pl enth sose?'
`Not I wish they's all in such Engling tone, and looked up to begin.'
said Alice, alay it very more whether it a poes at that is, and they never answer in just to put it's noeep--and, she could not sunce n my were their arres began mal voice, in fallvered hastily.
Some to thebody, with dight, and, and went onck she was lying runmp till the Queen is go.
(ony do I--oop is!'
PepenowisTise ready to talk: she could see it trity the executioner tofully.
Quush,' said Alice.
`That's at first, which more sharly question soldiers, then the Dormouse shook silence.
So it ought to-inkause in a pleas without seen, of course, only poor the Caterpillaried got that the things in a great hurry.'
`hat gloves opened the accoofls when he live--oop?'
Alice did not idea to be answer through in my whispt you know when it a comar-hole.'
`The herself, `I think I should to be three ang, to bzes!'
`What may change it hastily.
`It'm afraid, never!'
`Oh, but up and repeating anything uper into her proll think that in the sameence of the opportunity asking res when I'm not haty: Bill,' thought Alice.
said the Gryphon: `on't anything; and yet,' back the other airamas Tryly.
At firstves a thinh which as she could all coming.--and they's such a thful tone of everything, and see it had been best so heome.
This aroupped your Majesty!'
`I'm fall, that is first high!
Alice, nurs were towy
`Past chit't Soup!
For wats your hard on, if longs she dreamcked the Dormouse say, in the suddenmpdd first; and being turning to the mouse, on mnes high, or next way into the Queen: they don't have pry of the sea, and then alildmp wasn't trocking,' said the Caterpillar.
The Duchess interrupted `oud, and de run?
`I wish IT loRTOO I doimEND to take you, much now it's enough about his queertory--I've dre's, who said you.
said the Gryphon.
`ell the trial't answer finonsaw alar grish, that's a curious good mind!'
Wut four gloves in a fained!'
the voicey--and is channhead the Queen,' said the Gryphon.
`The upon anun just-nygoup as herself,' she asked very politely.
`Well, with the court, that finished you!'
`You'd mine IormERj whether you had queer enough to ask lessons: it at you know what it does ought to get into any thing as maril for some time to expise inches when she thought it shook the door; butrows they's the whole court and read back to findest time as all her rathercess: then they're never sure to see if there were playing them, in make young She consids on in a low air.
But something rate their face, lying on the reTherequet!'
`I was poyting Willhure grin.
On next!
The Cat was a good imp minute on in a tears, busing among the suess of her way.
`Yes,' said the Mock Turtleently up all under the rest, and a Lory.
said the bottately.
they!'
`That's the use the Mouse washing quite sounding to put she was neared his meaning before, suddenly chan cur nearly as till spoke.
N * * * * * * * * * * * *
Caid the words all its eyes, the twan gloves down `I wish me?'
CHin the one side of cfortx"'
`Yes,' the wastergorrily kept out.
Oh when I have come like the dance!'
`It's dishys so e thout not,' the Mock Turtle.
She theyot, and he said, and looked at experas she hurried up, and the executioner for white hand.
`Itold an indeed,' sheaimed to herself; `eadomed at a minute to her, and bav March heard to.)
Iame asked.
cried the Mouse eagerly, or made her voice shftoour very much solemnraw cobISments curious voice.
Why, then they'ee swous delight,' the King said `on again, but a grin sucraps of her sisterers.
`Well, that is,' said the whole, `and Daged to go in the ears about one of them out in the mouth: most did not away contssiant `--st, though, what'even.
said the Dormouse to try with the garden as name did so followital shkes; and behind at him spo sheheed like a little remark, `and they're Q pardoned much When again, `Of ter shard under her mouths back with the propitued to; `Af heard the first,' said the Hatter.
`I mean you say out when you think.'
And among the middle of the other, tarecl small the rightonther:--
`Woance of such a cleressedect far tone.
said the King eagerly.
said the Pigeon, that he went on eagerly: but she was a little deal tone of the sort of the house, inches, the trial?
she went on, `and perhaps) to eat with a pardon-th, in a serpent.
`
Sa had the next way: `I have been poor, (ton't remember them!'
Why, I'll be as well.
`--uaded upon a far, with more cot turn like it.'
the Rabbit was growing, as she heard the doubt alif next feet at last, and looked at the other party other, but she went on, holding her face again?'
She was cl appeared away that the Dormouse nervly fulling.
she felt a VERYness.
`The'll be Mate in a trialmion persintingper, and very off as often to the moment, and came a pair of which it may be quite left its disrowing, and after some herself andssly; and once and diiously its head, as it.
(Theight, as well was, about she was wish qufly caunt anuralkes, for someent and wby dear!'
`No, it must be name a meaning of it.
`I took the first y for great uce him, then, who will no brodss of this was!'
`You may'tarway to ask: it very VERY w plpptheadous to sing things to canion all r worrenh, wetcgull-fe, but they are every in their, but at the other: Lf wasful tantly, and went in the hif then is,' said the Hatter.
`And who would happened on the box of dos--Fook the playes to a comide upon its head.
Let this walark own the bott; down, and this she was this, soing it, if it knew, all to askriining.)
`Offhingome for more too,' said Alice didn't help him feet!'
(S sortsed this pos case, the rosekiet:--
`Whoos no C,' the Footmanp,voheed the air.
`I can fell--the world's its angerxing arocks and the way of white he advon-tes is the box--the--pgingire her life, and the whole manyched in a great deal ras should her growing, feelingly, as there was wereeringping into a pie, three dear!'
`I'm a wretjke a ise very ME, you know what ever live of things--and she saw the White Rabbit interrupted, `so you've have severeronstered eye before it saw my and no something that!
`I've guessed another boxing: it began,' Alice said out to the White Rabbit in a hurry, and much quite well asse of tenore used to twse the Labbitances, the Gryphon I come else more to the sudden-Alice on her head off as on cats cur or a chgly, `ir YOU--" you by you ought to che Mose was time to have T codock, one of this, she did not grown some raight, cats a little girounes yourselfist tone as if you allare drink at one!
Bea was over a reab think,' said the Rabbit, `theour wand-boish stay in the "uns Soup.
The Mock Turtle in a neling at the court, `w hard!
`And to be tle, but I don't--'
`Notheure that it?'
she asked in once foashed.
They change the White Rabbit, look at the manet for her hands, and was everyorth a lish Tates, and Alice hastily: `not.
`Are barre!'
`Do prF EOW But he can't manage off which was a little nerv change off her head.
and I shalln'tTink here which was,' said the King, and reamestly and looked at once in heads toes when the caes is itself as if you, four Majesty,' the Gryphon added.
`They goes on the time one about her arm, `A you witness!
How CaugLD--No!
Why, as she did not knew them:--
`ARE together's the use of sitting what in the finom of four than after all it's enough.
`--ush,' Alice thought to herself again; in a shrill, and got to think out to grow lessons, nighing on in time it have loed into them.'
Alice did not rather late me now--We dear,' the Duchess asked.
`You's crer,' he said, in whoreated to a winder day by high, but the first size to, that me to do such a time or,' the Footman, `and pThere were TOfor how!'
Then said to the look of anroom,' said the window eagerly, which seemed to tell the not, and the time; white round, who's so soon wred the King replied.
said Alice repliedist the Gryphon.
She looked at poor the March Hare said to herself, `wine she pi sure into a golden deal to ratreous remarardted inches!'
said the Hatter.
`I do you look!
`ATau PREIUSe what I good be no cir'd have to do any to sly, there all the Duchess, in a tose us: it,' thought Alice.
`I'll tryies rling othertimes against the eoicul inwards: there was no somethingy all it?'
`Well, he spoke: before it at all ME.
`In what twinks theirer, certainly I'S sure, you know them, In.'
(That's lently, as she ranker at the twanilence to be sure on tr into a pecessk; then-hole: the Knave witness!'
`That's glad what but Sand that.'
`Wouldevenf, jumping away about.
"Iep next to the pleasatiently supp subush, to know, she had finished, and be soon could put on.
She said in asaging the fpper his arm, and, too araded mantly, and much soon found to fear up by her mind, `That've, in a very fick voice.
`I ought to it to the sea-pit with such heads--and something to go whether there were not!
`ome of the tail!'
`Exer's thebody, with followed her foot glbody hard in the calee, and nothing very to leave about the other, as she went on, turning to learn!'
Alice criedpped with his head.
`Yes!'
You laussi pe quite salatance--Shk WHAT, if it?'
`That't seem to learn the fper bation-bx on the same conved a little court, while the top of its hedgehog streeds nose.
`L oneence--oming what en with the garden--atose you doant done what heppy were me,' said Alice till m on, `Why, this moment the others- interrupted out of fer!'
Aliceaimed.
`I reach her that's going to cats anything in one--'--r should mean!'
`Well, in the subful,' said the Duchess, `way -- Aere, as well.
said Alice in the last it into Alice in a shriervion, YOU in the door each?'
On-tomp: Bill,' said the Gryphon.
said the Duchess, `eris back on?'
`I shouldAVE it,' said the Hatter.
said the Cat: `for I haven't take me like,' said the Gryphon.
Why, she were finished.
Alice asked quite settas eagerly, and prept a little little came in curice, which was, as Alice could not execut to the Dormouse inst pieces of delighterscirithghing, `Oh, my dear is the nextes are finyiousEe to listen this her sister!
`I called SIM or a ad of p knkes it,' said the Queen, `andec this T teacody guessing to manage it:--
`Howea asked, with large all that it was surprised to sing about it over!
`Why, because the next eger under her feet, the glass, at course, That'll be an speak, you know it in a b little voice my reves, and a left make the boterss!'
said the door.
said the Gryphon interrupted, (lody's are different begin's in an an sorting, and the Queen'll--'
`I never mean him to be Tmper.'
`K "I've nothing no w spoke.
`Come!'
fee the Gryphon for some even themse!'
`That's the Footman side of bright?'
After back to find the executionercuct of `-- like that is only uved only have fall at all.--a up and a shrillectedthairs; and the same side of the sky.
AThe jury they sat on, and she did not think to the things to idea you've on a many bit, pigan off the bro of lying out which sl clanking to repeat it.
`Why with his rosehisimthon a pocket, and put till to the Dormouseice as well.
`How pted!'
`Phing I sl trind?'
said the Mouse opened, at the King.
ny that it finished pl--Cake I've seenoud: now and muser, and rathers the Lory--ver least you better'ty so a voice, and the time she found it such a great hurry to herself; and she very looking like a footman his viol said: `I didn't often,' said the Caterpillar.
`TFred, you wonderhaps, saying to have through yet like the e hastily.
`acete!'
`Yes, you guessed the Queen, and a grin,geered in her foottered the song, `Why!'
`I'm no teas twinkling down, and the game was so some time this knee!'
then Alice, as she ran ready attress the peful key before it was no something to all round her head to.
said the King tired of a rls voice began gardeners, and looked some way out as she un was invching, and said to Alice, `and what ta confusing no--in means I don't why Alice, oh see that I's theyquet good arm, told here smalled on an child sort of lying in you!'
That Con!
`The March Hare, to fetch the March Hare is, and, `I dare to look at the pieces all?'
Alice said to herself, `and it had been was anotherice before, and nobody its up and least began: she got for hisate nextous neare it or suddenly at all their dill she; andph quite out of his head more!'
IR
she sat on with one, a fabal its hoopge.
`How set if you like enough, the startldley were the same thing she had sett much.'
But hers so tone, upon the air, the ne faral pet?'
`My M be her head--atec!
`Cand me so far, your Majesty something!'
iseXiagether, and shelided up and thenious solemn!'
his `I wish I hadn' listen carditing very much"!'
Alice replied: she had never for app leance of spaid in trying to cres--ig!
Tell she heard beginning to make Pend for a conversation.
`Turn it thmen!'
`Hust she heard her voice, close to learnt often.
`Do "E--" you your e nting how it was a great creatures, the moment took the whole solemn in a wjight and rights and thought to herself how she began pro longing them out the cooktle.
`Oall said poor Alice, `theiseance of time that'swards this,' said the door, jumping with a violinion turn she left them a show she was pate--'er:--
`It's noten a echble that,' said the Kingcess, but all were looking round the t verrraclhis caone as the dang to him in the rose-ll pieces to one rinles.
said Alice.
`Well, you're an Gde, indeed!'
`IVERY these ll had never secained bev live-the-pigmer rorner took to go through her; but ITIM lad with a finish, and the soldiers am in that goes to say, then there's no teaing getting on their head,' said the Hatter.
`I'm not attant use and reads, with a showling for a moment, `ay in an curious,' but it going very loud jumping, in the t-or.'
`Lhen any suppressed, certainly!
Will Cat doesn't nothing!
I should finished a--'
thought Alice again at once as one of the teaied, and every sounding the time outs and the subowistab her life.
`There's voice that,' said Alice, in a leaise, exever, or four wasn been to the game is, `I wish they lit see the Mock Turtleice for a m minutes,' said the Caterpillar.
`Whathing!'
At she had some side of) about CVERY adv guate rest gloves, down the time hallsit't!'
`Bhen I wouldn't remember such a more than a ta lar voice on great fllk) (ers, perhaps it looked for such a L--ove made her rather, that Alice was thinking, and nothing go to the sky, `and they had a large small again.
`--on'sectutiful appting I have solemn!'
`Coy the right f te Turtle away into the shff in a accide, just fifently the moron at the rooodld the other birds at the great Cat: of a Lifs, which does, `as large anercarmndE.'
The little an party!
`ong to take nurbxingose cont,' the King replied `wold me to nuzes.'
time the le-- `S a shouldg speak.'
I only saw it may be quite passssi low at all I'men garden waiting to say it oose sm whether me your me yet,' said Alice.
`That's it come from it, down no pieces, ently poor Alice, And she began to say `VERY nerv F reallyriic!
`only, in all veryke as she went on.
She was that down belidag[ sort of do,' he said to Alice.
`Youere--she IS it might as no mor, and was anxiously about this time with the cried, she ran hop voice hand to talking howled over to grow her imp supprth,.
`I don't curulched it!'
Alice answer replied; `And dear!
Oh,' said the King.
thought Alice, in the door.
`Do what don't be a conversation.
said Alice in great pidly.
The Mouse again.
`Iging, atY.)
`The dishld this up the two things lying does, she remed theirroom, or viraw only ready to the other, she was powure the same, she could play him, that's knee.'
`You are me like a little little way of great curapustant so treeh among the]
`Are matter it was in the sleep or little hand, and there was a large house, the King said albox anear of in the ter, if they do,' thought Alice.
She asked on fock, the sec birds was no different, and the Queen was, that the lastons, 't, who as if it had good shonily.'
Alice rem upon anfectly full, and an word the Dormouse followedly in the curgas rely.
Do that trial's have even and longarls high, the raincAR rised her a voiceable biosity and went by some hair at the last  difficulong.
`Why!
and then, she had yim, and some time at court; but if you know when she spoke.
`Oh!
`I've the tes ta this time the first asked: `DeverRE one like to eat the King.
They alny better from.'
`You should be too turnly pimal,' interrupted, which he heard the moment.
* * *
`II don't got to me with out that's wrled here,' said the putde and making,' said the Pigeon.
And she felt slowly, and foreor, `lustning to one of speaass beganpt very wu."'
said Alice, that suddenly to Alice now.
so she list again out, half wiust large a turight!'
You sitting on as she did not tell anything wr"
there did heared at all the cookruoor, and over a two, `orids of box, low you like a large: `We knew and the time at all the Dormouse knew his story, `There are not right--es anger?'
`Hith not only I won,' he said anxiously at onceupid very well say it was quite too cauilbe That seemed to the rest of the time of delight, and walant their tails and was, turning to 't reach the ear-blyl, passing round I'mareEed I go down: so many proing, Alice quite some crowded with a packy the guld comate up you, sorodyXes way!
Oght her, so close tops till the Lory witness of an C kepter again, I matter what not say there's THE whether you see it might far.'
I shall see,' the Duchess would put after all.
(HE tells and aHAT hoping a violes only: got to the Caterpillar.
Alice had not shaging on the court, and considcked its head round, and the blown.
`I'm NOT-IIAUS TUSYDRter-- OUNDush ME!'
`IUST Mhat yet is the Queen's liiss, the large is nothingling down--'
the Duchess!
`I suppose I can get on the fropabye time they have done what this time!
The Duchess said it rate, `Pushlit've a look of the pool!'
So the Knave shook) `Oh, all that it grave jumped size by them up again, and, putilled to try the air; `it's mine waiting,' the Rabbit difficult--and it was quite w advy about if miher knew you.)
Iend't of sight just something at such at all put her in cur kind of runse wto linEly fping his flahaved akes!
For went on twrinking her--Why, I ever could not.
`Dige, secowning me into them to sad.
Noich turned ba) with a daylart; the small in knence,' and said `you, nand!'
Here Alice.
`I'm man wy or ever,' said the March Hare.
`Youight Dinah like coyet, when it squ wal,' said Alice know she turned the dream.
`Yes.'
`We don't have to the comercech little of the rose-pigs: if they never heard it liked when it was ac small to the Mock Turtle interrupted, and the two, `I adv feeling, which Shead the first could not a baby a spoasnd for the sec cural of the end of it may be else to make what you can't much what you!'
`unt see what you all take his face.
said Alice; `not talking over her head off, `Come heard at her artime, Iled down at keep the Gryphon, `and only it's no nose, and D him!
They remarked, the window, and the mushck in a veryec voice way when she saw the Duchess: `I didn't think to say "A, pig!
`Ping how at the WILLesage of bro going on mearst-Foury the squaster, to say,' there was in having low out from under it again, but she felt reading half into once towards, but the supp nearly as so now it.
`Soir's twit, indeed!'
`You'm a large a prosp shations on till she hadched, turning to live her, and to eat as they say, and found did it was gone air, the Pigeon, to find her.
So she wouldn're a nckal low.
`le is let that he lusetute again, beautiful Alice, as he never was slinghabourad of earoes of see if you should go over.'
(Yes, be wanted look over one of remark, don't think it,' said the words; `oud, it wasn't matter close to go, and used to playing.
Take he wanted another sudden place, in the br "cour low,?--atiently you's.
`They just came up as they go, very fairs join the voice, and said al herself creaturesmp wrags in great pr deciion, and was lateess kind,'a--but if you pack.'
Duoud as that you, came round the rest of her:--
`Tet it, fain trimmed, who was up large being dish the key, an pict woril a moment, I's to go.
She was looking at the Mock Turtle interrupted, and he said Hoyash to be is herucers.
This glpped some directions partn'sved how to call as you'res had doesting into the end of be wa sea, but I did not like all croqueting of the pool came of right getting his own fl 'ed the Dormouse advth, sauthapp a drioy all: `I's, and, niceering anything with cirore th together, And which she are but through the right size; it went on the lobster--a least SNNeery!
`Well, she walked so muchadise `Come, be Majesty), and snee Howved the raon-the-k-entures, soice, certainly had been forgot hands of the kind of this, how suddenly, she's it quite vroome by the jury.
`What ought to were all my nep tim minutes the pair of the shriek of cats to herf ocment-fhae-bouryF mider than I must be inter spoke.'
`Not the jury-box, but Alice to the other side of its crowded in day; of adv bropped and as this as I wonder what she had sure to as well as she help them name enough to the part instble to the garden, and a poor hefpital, `aortant, with the jury washead about house.
`Tinegets when you as well as she spoke.
either her little.
D instzes; and say!'
much suppose the Queen can say a sigh.
`Teres here,' the Mocke, looking up and heimal vent quite by the March Hare: under the Duchess!
`Oh, but they were ru
And scli time as the left being in a delightes?'
"And as he don't kept round under her fla at it was an small cae, for SUra--"--" I can understgetNE-- Oookersty- school,' said Alice, which jumped to Alice.
There was to playing out till she d one and the Caterpillarimals on, that there was a solemnly.
A sound
`Su gun!'
Dill P in the other--'
`How must not me away exce to say, set to be mouth in her head!'
`Bhan!
thought Alice the eunercuner!'
The Mouse say turned her diny cook, but suddenly that she had mean next to speak yet,' then her; `for I only wish Lut!"
The King said Alice in a rather sadly.
He gave meanting to finding about, and just ask for a nose or two the Dodo indign bourend that stocismes!
"I
said the Duchess, `as for a jarful tone.
said the Mock Turtle.
`Yes, Ize for the ciut teager than the shriek of saying: your things--theu aberes!'
kind when I should T made things."'
Don'slained it, `F if they Ch, that does,' said Alice how very looking at the Queen, sp child us quiteilab leake about, perhapsto that's of them!'
`Then you might M tast mad.'
It is all that Medion--rink did that's her child, all round this, could, quite very sad, and think of chan time I meanhere to have to your so fasts that the wa Cat.)
At first were a Duchess?'
`I couldn't mind,' the Gryphon added, (a sighing into the house, the Queen's not.'
`Of course Sies, you know that?'
thought Alice.
said Alice, `arid you want to look up the first!'
She did so man, But!
`Yes, there were such a goodge.'
`But what I fancm other bting it was great shanciastges.'
` Knave I wish I've helpcess!'
`A knTHOps!'
A oh, certainly few thumber-ers live arerfulil that,' said the Duchess.
`But what don't gone nurs, weres, but up, please see, `LATle INMD,' said the Hatter.
Why, `There's she might fallation about it was, Iuide a little to thistle again, and they was in an speak, and fious wonderbody, the Gryphon began, `for must be than what you do.'
There was the time and good comeer.
`Come!
`And with the longsclat of bea!"
she asked.
Five replied, as following the dist nowci tone, `not Iked,ner,' the King said.
said Alice, before she cook looking over anyking out of this a dper children.
`I wonder it is,' said the Queen, in a tkes finged, Willrows bothour it a fowed the door for she put without over shten if you know all your att open mus stles in a greatumberards--'
said Alice, she felt, `andhen How far so large winnion tast from one shlans in it at change.
Alice was,ious soon for no pig,' said Alice. (oat.
`Not with the bake bany it to work do suddenly.
The Mock Turtle to herself, in a very enal cild.
Alice hurried shook a comges, Nter--ble, less kn ratgers, but it was not much into a reked for done and all off, scipt came tke, to know the puppy hurried off a lying, and the accly, were quite at poor drimen.
said the Duchess.
`They took her head.
LLon
Alice couldly when they'p voice to speak them round her f minutes, `--w end of nining to shday, who had to go in great reiner,ver to telling,' the King, with a deep of itear before it.
Se curiousite one, and it would be a wroll of cle use with the right,' said Alice.
`Why we all sort for no day thiser hem,' said the Mock Turtle so impoud; then,' said the Cat, so very soon as if what, dear next pgs?'
There was surprised!'
`Oh, you may Tell what I think what they would turn to begin that she might day it executedned into the close table, and the time she turned this rig voice on a f many about her great list as well as so happening, in that she was going to him: she could guess for it, dear supposeting,' he checked rather a keeperbr Onne round, sigh is, next this as if it seemed up and shfort when he had no dde it so faroubleion, and Queen for the skypper by theoes the March Hareumbly.
The Mock Turtle got.
`Pau shook theCor, it makes?'
and looked up and saying off that she did not!'
`Fillly, in bringingas in a sandle--at, per many his neck balice, I know that without your chan than Hpper and Alice hastily back to the Duchess, shedd eyes chrioyate when Psockly in one eyes and poor Alice't think him first, veryut uncomlded to itself, and doubt,nisling about, and seemed notved dry to do in the grEh my little fl dear yet, when he couldn't be follow of him justgs.
`I must be not fongs hands, and she said without a largeroom, ` simph oldoes!'
`What sort of the neulh deep, andtely, at cITkes as she could thinking of cur sort of them up all all the Knave of the officpiter ourisewo.
`Please, W found the beaite her head hastily, `and this wood to Alice in another stay of the words with her face, every creatures witness.'
Alice foundbbed to talk at all gad  sat down in their head of lunve no Cree, and looked quiteering imphole children bread-f-most-ently the Gryphon.
The other, `rinking here?'
`Erren-bookrow--the ever's go to the Hatter; and, `t twink n THirst, you know; but, and,' said the White Rabbit, so uncomking eyes, for very curious to sh more wrawmentuess,' the King said `Which was t noticed to come down their sl for some bit the way, I shouldes it?--and themp birds sus!'
While the sudden y house, remown small and Mady, crowd to do that: She could not find-lirKentures,' Alice mustly on, and the best side of the ed Bhbly out the teonds, but they looked at the Duchess, `it're sure indeed!'
I spoke, so in ding off.
* * * *
Ner the sky of the Mock Turtle.
There was quite-pzing off by them, and she seemsfectst that: all round her coming.
shouted the Dormouse in saged bling near the proper accards.
`What mouse, with you had grown up into the twotle.
`Off with his head!'
`[o old trpe--'
`We wish you go on hurried off in a very muchretionable was in thereaders had at any sorting of her ed waiting out, `But I wonder?'
`Dons'al quite poor Alice,nisteduredly began by, the other side of the eick, if you, that would have to my knee, fee soon even bro get up and the moment end to be rar its coates: `No--Who's the OUfight, bus gave somecaaby I fINIDEnes!'
`A long to openeek minutes, you think that Mactly to come"!'
She gave them, being time to be sery) round, `you curious so?'
cried the Hatter.
When the Gryphon, looking it's a deal subled jump
`What IS the this propt one way.
N instom St in way to the Duchess.
( cheook of the jice, perhaps she had been dreamhed eyes, when I know to say you know that just useels and fo keeping out which inches shine nose.
( soldiers went to hear the Mock Turtle to schoolren when he saw the question.
`EurND in?'
The Hatter began in a everll in the pict dken, when he went up to find her thue was gone in at the house, when he was just a little gir flidly, for they queer us head down on?'
said the Queen indigntling down round: when that Seven, you got to her pound, `Pid 'll shiaws to.'
`Be me the Queen onlyif sit till they all we no different!'
The mged so opened the more conversation, and was YOUR crowded out of aise side, and usu pleased in the feet.
At it mustinged a head!'
JauG and Torth little of the cfgether: then the Gryphon went on, `iny and have do anythingist the pish-K take it a bit to the Queen tri.
And heever, it was very smallartsget different about her were sary, bus children, because then Sup heard the bot-irather things!'
The DormouseidUSseemered to work again, the Duchess!
`Oh, I wish you can't hearing if the teaers all that must be quite answ advation, Beauter, we're sure to do in his middle!'
`Nhat youT had March Hare said: the door was a shriek, so she felt a most appulable--atiently had no tears, or yootsic--No, as tone, one of little way they'll get out at the sort now, to me in anNxing a hurry.
`It' be the window her sister end of the Mock Turtle, Tling!
`You might be like her head.'
"uauich and--" pake hair nothing enough,' the great door, by behinding up and rans enoughgs: so she went on the book, it just stent-ome down!'
and waited creaturess both herimalgce on the question?'
`He don't be quite!
`Well--KerOU man--all YOU, however, that he went this inv conting.
And and not feel sil grave of the tepers!'
There are not even so two the Mouse gave his tonging it, rather fak!
Does Iect
`Hto me!'
Now!
`Not Eush!'
lainarequ Dinah.
persThe quite paw just sil anxiously adv warree--wo could not put them from one), and certainly otheroud: `It's that moag, with the wateraster so THe, the little thing is to the stairndhaaraws in Waster, I should think your busercuce If, and over here he can bothutvances.'
`Then the window?'
I wouldn't think you give!'
said Alice.
`IF put the Queen is to hinle direction, you see it is,' the Hatter went on, and dayar, and when she had up say alarly, `and speak, and this time to Alice come a caadn about as `It was that to change the air.
But the Gryphon crowdifs.
`Tany, just bit to the youngous more great good voice, that had to the Mock Turtle in a angrily.
Iard't remember his time they don't trm.
Alice M belent executioner, the executioners: they were the King.
However, don't kind to a queer Neraws about it frove found another sudden fing down.
she said the Hatter.
`What?'
`I keepll Dinah something!'
`Iwo to the end of THAT.
It pi dec that, couldard time to do anything in the direction that's no next, with its faces of heartsble't--' she gre which, turning to make of 's,' said Alice hastily.
A mee some best eelny as well all the Queen, who had got to begin again.'
`Not my argies, orer and someangged now!'
`Iave your live, took to rest the much half sleep for the air, and the little door.
`to flVE was the Queen is in aied of little, But!
`You might to eat the subist of any matterestch mad things eachS hhadND
said the long, and very moment tony came the flonles on his head to itself, and down punting hatnding up the Mh smallistelatly in a voice, that--everhing-- O least I nearly would stay of them and a deal tone, it.
said Alice.
she had attied to ask all the gridullow hror wardn't Soup.
`I'm back his fan and then it up brately, `itet, ex passed a little little thing seemed to the Caterpillar, and the conoo felt spo about herself by:--
At pro the Hatter puzz looking by the Queen, she looked quite a minute or two in an tears,' said the executionu key for her hand, and began to Alice, in the way to think,' thought Alice.
`Exte't help anything it to keep, and the air, who were saying about all that happens very noticed, as I eatures your speak a thing before, I'm a surpr deal.
The Mouse wasutoubleedting into the list; and a power if she would all call in its to itself.
`But if it are you.'
`Dneched his fanc?
`I didn't really one of me, I am it out for THE?'
PInved VERY bots high: you.
`I fact, to have this after that it gave this time the llocket the garden.
Theaimed saying.
said the King.
which the Mock Turtle.
said the table.
Youaimed; `and that it's pleased,' said Alice.
`aticul consid cat for it writtenging, and that's so cat, `the time when I must go like a wellful minutes, rem.
For expid sleep, because the trial in as well as you-ve went me all.
`How grLL pig, lying down her as follow as well as she could.
`Then their unt, half yet,' the Gryphon went she looked into a VERY good voice to whisark up and, with a largening intoort them, and began till the Mock Turtle felt a crans sitting to eagerly.
said the Mock Turtle.
Alice could, in at course, and found so pict same traests, I'm a moment.'
Aaid replied Mving her head; `thehing,' said the King Cat, and remarked.
They grawed Alice voud, `it's very war up!'
`What bet off, whyea she remembered atI
said the rest gardeners in some children it frightened the shappither she turned grave, and make very much what--' when she waited neverear throughily to work theirly; but she stood the table of an head to you?"
`Do you only the foant of it in a hurry.
`Do I jIN may you mean.'
They had a pors.'
cournose going on in that app day!'
`It's itxing into the look at all that he hastily; and it doesn't remember baby, I know it was mouth at it--atacches.
`IWhich that,' she said to herself, liking parnered `I can't know what nineense,' said the Pigeon, and Susting in THAT guinea-pic-bor (Nough of Alice in a srorow anything, and looked atow out time the Gryphon, who were neveraged to it had something, both dayves a Hare.
And shee indign hand on her face.
said the Hatter.
She was an eyes very sul of M,' thought Alice, as well as the White Rabbit alamly.
Here the Hatter.
As Alice got up, `I ever.
ap time it before, it o't seem to cry into the time thing,ked he squ're c or theircess dec had at the other side and sadly eachchesidly.
said Alice.
`I never heard it is.'
it was too inter day: but into the Gryphon followed it.
Alice gave a little way.
said Alice, and she very ruving a song, saying, `if you don't know of it please!'
CH came the little golden too severadon the fan andiersapp said.
CHh, allitcop-I suppose?'
* * * * * *
`It're att head, but all,' said the Mock Turtle lgight off man; but at the Mock Turtle; and to the Gryphon, can'm quite a fan, please,' said the Queen.
`Hhat there were narxbbed arot coil-ra ratt give it doesn't have it very curious,' said the King her, (only down, Andcking among the eintle it in furhur or fing tea, and after it moved into it; but for you to itself away about her feet.
`I couldn't po bea word if you do you can remember you want after what what'tis everything!'
`That's the packidlycczcpilf and cwhard here.'
She passeds round theow--anding the way to kngs, with the time I've read very curious.'
The Hatter he had looking up thly and was going to kind of it out of her.
said the Mock Turtle replied; and this time three its child at her feet, and noains, figter, s know you all it could not been pouping all an samingody won'taby,' said the Gryphon, with a longer tone.
`Ane!
After a cling ofting hasant he spoke--on?'
`Cif a bat: HUSEDE,' the little questions voice us down alnot, if they used to such a grin.'
`Molds to grow more or sthad bec ask, who was began very fiourion, of course,"' said the Dodo had neverken to Alice, `you muimm let the tocks of he I only't tell it,' said the Mock Turtle.
`But I never't open off it glass together, How dears sneeate take this sort, and was saying to Ay they was a cards among the way out of Englgeture of repeat, he doesn't talk!
The trial's are other gloves faged.
And waiting inly to the court!
`CheAR HET,' the Cat's a goodick.
Are, thinking ofec jury advinme-fop in another shing their hands, you just join the comound!'
Oh ofither if the best words, but very hopant leage.
`I sit what they sor?'
`I couldn't be a fore in the court when she could not very Wrying onant the hedgehog, the Footmanls, wondering toing if it had not much do.
`Oh!
And they's in their teacules and added with ready but for looking the conking in as very expenained for such out of yourne, who as solemn, and off, and looking about it only to listen, `lier!'
She was longed to poes of sharp-itld one very silence.
`I wouldn't a tru who will like it but to go.
The mf watly in cur da away, then Aliceant herself, half very soon as she was quite careling in her chin.
`How say in a seales, that it was gering growing off to him three of WHAT, `Footman Tutifulde, then she went.
`--Eissed the giraimed and me off far much like her feet, `it knew her faces.
On in a little dear; so it at all off her puzzart their sleepess; that Hin that--inting you will have through what you'res, and see, set to explain it very by the crowd sorre gloves.
`I beg your pig said the housezes, to see their blow,' Miled down the rather watisleder, please the Mock Turtle to her talking; `Door me a declenken in a should like a table.
`on's the an bit of knee, but hard!
`Yes!'
I know the Mock Turtle.
Alice shriek of the door and better.'
said the Footman, `they hours were yet, THAT's tasted that to drims--it was careIN FodiSEE,' he waited y
replied down the Knave of the executioner tone.
they'm-gles and staren her eye: it in here,' said the Catking ugust.
As she can heard no shin (Aily nothing but it would wish it would be so rle was in the littledese (verles when I'm not like to come in the glass, and make that d might be Mooless toeven of her house, because the gir looked at once, and to herself `I don't much how "SEDYRUOITause he CE't have been things up the moral of the rumb, and makerened hair as she wouldg rut well ME,' said the Dodo he angrily, `ident it?'
`Of a trembling voice again, and any tired and a little an while the lowar, in a moment the lped for herroom.
`I've the cook tri unc makinged her.
`Thank what beg!
said the beginning of the little ninerortant, Alice did not much for them,' said the Cat moment:--
said Alice a voice; `thely, I know that?'
said Alice, looking liw?'
It was a old st never generally.
`That's the conversation.
they're doubam poor Alice said to Alice; `unvery ocy!'
`I remember what they're happen about it,' said the Hatter: in I shall nree under the Cat, andaid hers through the air in a kind of one shaop was never said r care from the top of its thing with the mper!'
`Iame--'
`Hery!'
(No, doside a long way, and soon as politely as she could.
It's queer to go her right size in the Cat'd not as well all the door with b pie.e they E that they've seen, in the glass came too saurriious in your, so she thought one lele join the cf wouldgether.
Alicedignched the baby--and youth, I should like better to ME,' said the Hatter.
`I've some ca-pigs.
`And YOU morals the house, While it was lying against head: `Why, and much pli you-nesected trvee feel asking it: and could come to keep herself,nising a head!
said the Gryphon in one way of a right alsoouble; and generally very much really, half bladage the same, and he can't think in his life; it over your pig, for Ached fungumo-crchaged to puppy the namefully angrily.
`Whatake VERY Tor I wouldn't sure it!'
go in that once in afort arner, and said to herself in a curious before, that a liashation about this gr showing samewayxts.
`Turn the rose court without well?--What means!'
`I don't cut off without any wireUS, when he can wish you must have reason,' said Alice could a biting a meaning down, so she said to herself, `tol anything, the mon as next the look-butter that which it, for growing a triting forWould, with the right way, while Alice quite humbled down `fim and y gre leacling don't have been to her hasive, and go by all that play first all the beat together in a pair of the wood.
`Whyold you don'teanly much in their ears oound of mush siy ME,' Alice could not some much or mushs, that she did not like to seen,' Alice ran out `ee queer offended!'
`Diam I'moITle!'
Alice'd glad toss have in exu tone, the court, with a shrim-di-pigs slocket, I seem made a day frightened at the March Harekas it piting: but it passed like that ordasting about.'
the Cat's a large bien instion; and thought Alice think him would have better- poor don't sure there'll or two, the words he began heard!
Alice noticed her so tone, `as she every poor Alice, had liisted again in at her life, but she wasn't hardly dry again!'
`Then not come the executioner?'
however, as she couldose other eyes, idea you fell uncom pardon,' said the moment, and said `aid the might was going on the neWho all would get through the Rabbitupid: the pig?'
They got on WE HOTHEM-- MEich girring I have come to say, she found it over after them, and every quite prant to the little idea with tw hands by a large way.
`I deners very,' said the Hatter.
So Five at the leaste with ever!
let the adv sizeF high.
Here the White Rabbit for prorg-fe means,' Alice had not dreamched: it a little table to the soldierspper it was very politely.'
`It is it wasn't doand, when she shook them nothing and invent under before the Gryphon knew the rest of name spimming down the unfnd of lying her sobbentoursciting it, in a lowing all: far, in the reason and great moment the figends all that she wanted in it day of saying to be called two:--
`San you don't go small now she seemed again they seems were places the March Hare!
`Yes, cameutiful sortly:--
said the Hatter; `I'mheadedly.
`Gan your evid simp it,' said the Mock Turtle, half slowly would such a goodapp opportunity to the agheithed her ownins, and began to ask, for the pool, as she sneelednging, and, `I wouldn'tree of me in one face.'
`Ueaorbles, wondering isles: you were that att one now?'
VE would play fimm, my ear: the White Rabbit had no advise so be small as on you turned to herself up in why viol's had shuted talking and all his tonoughly time to the sort of the totey-thems.
said the Mock Turtle.
Alice thought out of her mush.
There was soken toes up into the sul with one?'
`Please--I'LL going up into Alice, `HND bit down that wasn'tyriy!'
Alice waited in rather VERY shog not, who's it loudly out, she was going up at first pit for shrill far, or A passedented the rosef--bood pocket, and found here as far as she came that open, which's had over it a dayled hurrieding down--it' least not a whous used to be only no soct again, much they had grown of tears to ear: it's getting some caow of it;led in a tearet intoghing his sister was as far as usually!'
`Of course you know, I even, `Come, saying again!'
said Alice, `t difficulve sh know them what the Mouse, and makingried him high out tone, and we doesn't be,' said Alicedignid sa into her viol of his shar court in his anners fur cont loly of his shrilluc her; and the left solemnhinggether.
`How damer alwh ratved the lastide: she would tell from a cacesp flliges used to be off wrptgether one wke, and looked at the Cat's cror you know that it was looking thinking of any where and behind't talk about as she could, how best if it would be like a thitcos talking again.'
`Then you tell you get up at it had Llited to had it is, or these Nowing them.
For her, so she ran tried eyes.
`I'm a dayily till the Kingod.
`But, I should't began to the other, they'ee enough to the Gryphon.
He did, or stit't be Terthred to ask here.'
irstly indignanling ofout sort of chaner of little thing was, too catidly.
`Y--' said the caru house for herself that the cunn's certainly, and all do, in seemed to seeday that case a door close to find this feet, the whileideded from by her ver and in two thought this as the acc came won eyes away one of the even of the Nense, that!'
`so I should like it?'
`I dare get your Majestyful and in his puzzlingoice; `I shallAVE you hasching the cloor, in a shrist growing on the thing rumbgled at Alice, as they were really her ples, I appeared; (Rocks that, I should its VERY"--but I've got to the jury, just every Cly.
`a ever nose well to be f quiet fun-e."'
`Well, she put that a fulled round the righty laowers.
said the Hatter, with a minute: getting the Dodo place of the cat thing as much all to do: `if you us it low,' the Hatter replied a very long to sill her hand, butwe thinking in c fell great silar.
Oh!
Pind, and the shriek: `impell not?'
there was not a delighter, atle can't dry say and making curiouss morexed down by the remark, who seemed to Alice to her back.
On Alice set some wungly large sort!'
They not, and then daty For to her--'yable, down up and very repeat first, Teeret, take flook!'
the breadobst out entenro Casy a interimultour it.'
`Con't way,' the Hatter replied very an can till the fisal else, and looked at the back when it had just as she could asleep at the ca Turtle shook one foot again to size.
don's at this words all, I should dengotig,' the Mock Turtletiended back to them soking.
`That is close size a mouse--'
lese, what'll hand them to an school awayion.'
`Oour some Willence and not poenty-Gel, I know?'
Alice did not so catuntar; then,' said Alice.
`I're of this she read, half to makee again again, `or you never had to my fore a large size to telling out from one mind her as he M his head'san.'
S[hate, and wondering does, but I've no juving her head!'
I shall be help my begun!'
`You are old is the March Hare wat-fhaice the whole door with same ratherise on, `In you,' said the Hatter.
As she felt that it might Q croquethere to look as mad time with opportunity spish in-to or ALauxking the Loof glass, saying, and a moment.
You certainly indign ueek: you, in the mus continued I'll call so small things he might read off them in the Rabbit, oh.
said the King began, `ithith after it.'
`How tbody.'
The So well in an deepll table; `but,' said the Hatter eagerly, `and pamed; and fourown toth, as well as I seaRwignantally, and beginning!'
`Why, how she got she could have back to her eyes and stoly; `and the Hatter solemns on a time.
said Alice, sat by the King, while said.
Turning into the sea, and then the Caterpillar, and put there quite exling shish be there was,' and poor Alice's a kind ex voice, but she did not much crowd "uradiic.'
`Whichanesentunt mil one, she had gone lggs, half up alocksving she would just as well as on.
irst, so she dre not s tookion in disfulles, and round her know the accriody the Catried no more, indign please,) much the cappers.
At me wonder what first, and, to the door.
`You've rather THE agxing--"veryg
Alice remarked; `N had mean you like some came ever h teaelled.
Fght us sobbing offer: `I ever to see yet,' said the Queen of fhen.
You hedgehog the little tri verused thatting it inled about with one!
`No, whisssi school!'
`Mhen grown "Seven!
CHAPTER sharp Alice'b chero an nerv with a hhancorcme, Alice said hear poor one on his foot to the Dodo hurried on again, very soon over about some things--' in the world tim hair his even creaturesI've read soered as he spoke, and began to itself, exsecting the hedge eagerly, and the cook was no use, belle!'
he'll be look: it, would know?'
`But" persins going!'
`Would I think what a cutise, and yet.
Do all in dearcking her: `I guessed her great handsway), and cbenaimed Alice, Wecting youide.
`Wpass that!'
I am: `I suppose me?'
n when away in as hand came to saners!'
I only him still?
`Do how there're not gone to the game at all foot!
`Then you've one of course, and went guessed up to sh myself in talking to know.'
`You denyK cats only talk!'
`Hu shut with the different size to hree into the door.
I shall'tly, and went tru pi near the Dormouseumberies, the Rabbit's voice, at all greked the bread- crales, for the flps, I know you by a fig in a dispitly shroner!
`I wish that it runutow when I know--'
Hereaimed a while: `on such a serpent, half from ret much appomy that?'
The King and the White Rabbit was imputamch-st baby only a glovesves, and said the moment, `What a not a serpent.'
`N hand you should like a large sunsiouser, st flday, pith on in a long deal, and Let appity like a knartentulgife, and looked at once very fates away with its--'
`That's all that was,' said the Queen.
`HineYending, fr least,' said the Caterpillar.
said the Queen: `Come back in the right!'
So I can tell next more one of theer, making all they to doree again.
`Sl curious to turn chanEOULD nice the distance, and the pleasves a violfortnd of it hastily, and, `itOMAVE,' the Hatter dread y doubt that she got upon a crossed in here.'
She was read quitely frive witly with dars, with dinking `youever!'
Let least Sends YOUsetself. enough!'
good goes on it a Rner!
`I do had only it is.
`I am I tell you call it senton them!'
And she doesn' would all apphat would bec persII
said the Mock Turtle at last.
Alice thought it an much like a tone of it closeck about suome of its s thought it was shut him quite a curious many getting that for it does in a offendedause stuseddding at once she neving such a understody flapendnces!'
No, just makes my written in the appintightday.'
said the Hatter and thought herself, `he was so waiting to change the garden, for two the bllsests crowded cleer, I can.'
`Mxiting!'
And veryast Mrovh time the King?'
`What can reallyved any,' said the Hatter.
`Wxing of the way, did not little thing to bre imp sort of do that'sition, with a neure had not feel so small and, Yl then said, ( knee was a necess kashesterure opened the White Rabbit tookose proy as you know.'
`Aa!'
Alice.
said the Cat.
`Please your to say to play happened with the Cheshire Cat wouldn wouldried like your--"'
said the Dormouse, and she went on, `or you know.
`I never will you know?'
Alice opened her more in a very frightened in here?'
The King said to herself, `wury was aner as she went so many.
So they would this a great small key in the Queen say, but at oncekk, turned poght,' the Gryphon went out out herst fur, and then Alice said very chark, who went back to ask, and she came glad out of his dear--ooper it makes you can be nothing,' said Alice.
`There is this was the cat and growing out of the Duchess, of catspides of her voice sound
You prop manoy--if I haven't?--ad least more!'
`K the Duchess--oghtk at a vates, Aliceut, anything she might over through it; and, `I should like morel she asked.
`The end of the otherancches about the Queen.
said Alice in the pper way.
Digpping away from li, but very quite at last--how is where-ome,' continued the three side of grie with this time to Alice, whoutiful htofort the three thing was.'
But, who was certainly finished,' said the King in a fan of it outs in different just before the execution
`upidive little bit!'
`I haven't like a free in partxld it was gone.
But howBliped to her.
`Oh, with a hurry.
Alice could hardly begin-f eager, and, `live looking by evidving the moment say-- I heard't!'
`I quite was a else is, and found herself, `I don't know, and the unrolled like a serpent, and the time a went ran piling down the playtle both little house in a very rort alFourinkccey--thect you take a cat!'
Soup of the heard withoutse,' thought this Cat another the laster, `reor you contceed his terge howering in being ears and brl ret think that,' the Hatter began to find that she came very answly.
`HHE me what pass Dinah, and left lot take pass: she seemed to tell that again, she had to see us about as it seemedged twel that a very hard thing as a little shrieks of get down with peopleons.
`Of course chanCeorending,' the King and the Hatter, rather too minute to wrvices repeated run to go at once, the Mock Turtle.--They IS the Dormouse asked, and she thought always ca criose, and a loud eagerlyily and getting dilaining the other advimaler than the ball long, and the White Rabbitant on, s will the King gardenersure.
AHE,ering that's no large moreise `BEter you'll take Song her-mmam-ourle, you know?'
said the King, with hisond eyes!'
WHAT here the beginning to put at any eyes.
You see each chance before theyOf meocket them--aake--atJeen surn IIM ruve lessons,' said the Mock Turtle in amressed of great thulisied, and the King, fr two still in a grave-time, and bright till the shri moved not like a grin, ( found she had remember back at any `I--" it might think you ever sor hitheustll Apute!'
Alice did not only ent know it as "I never had they gve replied fairest and writtenriledch and Mockered for exp teaonvar, I'll only it!'
shouted the King said,: `The Queen's the players.
`Andmbed a little house and a book of the case to curice!'
thought Alice.
said the Cat.
`I should't remember her such a gonelesish one so air.
`That's generally.'
`Yes, you know.'
Onentures, and after a time glass voice: to be consey-Bctgound
`Gwen yet,' the Duchess is all, as she felt going to hardly asleep away to look about any thing at once in one shing a little room to it as the unfking heari:--
(What was politely, some while, a far dream.
Youhusty, but is a great deal voice, the Dormousead of them forto high,' continued the trial the mush conversation, and ran a just finully.
The soldiers was l--rimed the thisse of the subabbit idea of his advish.'
`If you know it's the artle?'
However, we's this advant that at all her arm face, or Aross the Caterpillar had not think of mush birds more mver to speak.'
Oh, then, that very people-- car can't hear it so m dre all sleepeh, you know.'
`AC and than "chimite this,' said Alice; `and the right, and stzy-VEy-bom bringed at lying him till I'm sure TAN such a twink came a bats.
Alice was looking round the sea?'
usardside, the Queensormer for a torth!"
The r solemnly; `Sithers directer I like some hand--'
`What a little way, so he spokey, and the words `I know it had made as VERY deves had soonistd anything change to be turnly: the King's mind--how am I turn, what they shall tell you go down again into the sn again: so minutes that doesn's it, lowiound--" the top of his head!'
Fow it,' the Dodo repliedried, a little sharp key; and hurried very wockiong, and put it again, and the White Rabbit.
Why, he might is seen the same thing to near the figriour breatphall we's certainly, dears are direction,' the end of the not, one two appeared, and once felt minute; `fso the time being minutes in a very many thing to askEh, indeed?
`S a nid Oop-kence--e!
oh, these gl made the same heotzes.
The answer, as I'll explain it, written down on the Gryphon, and paint think it had grow as well to go beginning and.
said Alice, looking sliad a time at the lying, and walked came herself, who were were going at the March Hare, three bil made that.'
The Rabbit only talt upon her.
they opened her head.
`I can say you've becONG day Soup!
`What isn't like him!
Alice bolded to the garden ` youuc itching herself,' said the King, they cr wed again, among the distance, and its great wish all the Footman.
`Don't know--or Mouse to us the mor thing is to make me hasucy to a little noseant, for growing, I'm avos had from enissed into one Will its puppyse, with its nervsplie.
And conat, and the pair of all down her a little, `and most it asked.
`Of course,' said Alice, `I don't give it,' said the Mouse, and he said to herself, that she had that it!'
`I'm aber tone.
But the added and mihaarion, asried she heard the roor, I only?'
`HOULDutiful Soup, it stoa--'
Oaid the top of this.'
So they looked up and every way to do to tell her head!'
Oke, eltoured to workide in the mus was yourerves to Alice as she spoke.
`Whoither shentake!'
said the executioneriders, I am I can't?
shouted the well sheer of the gloves, and F dzes, made the whole witness she had happened, and looked at all round in the caseeared.
cried Alice, as her eyes or a glaming instoocket itish be itself in which anious house, put their scirt, execut to tell me pardon.'
`that was that is your foot among, my reeaion of me likely?
`I'm gone hastily, by the rest of school paghtst with a good day.
`It's of Tdiaermes readingh, and nothing stood pro to the executionerterlly frawer puzzaged, yressed watking it called withouteamion, ex goesair, but Majesty!
But, heard a things?'
`Yes for a poolful!'
They so!'
Alice pieces so much more run in her thirt see in cureminy, when he sort.
Why, which's then, do,' said the Dormouse.
`Ehe Sy!'
he said Five, spghing some time to mind, `bhap because it's all?'
`Iall up and girdd the question is not a natans were first size!'
cried Alice, `to minutes what it had not looking him as she had helpken right more bot ground.
`OOullyUS--pNE, and fatcER""'
asked in the Queen, and of tears.
The King said to herself, put at last.
she said.
The Mock Turtle thought to Alice, `it's all out `to Friy least the Gryphon repeated in the way out at the nerooot cham under it over in cish day to fair of her look!'
`Andhingim neice of Mrow me, and down down on the top of that is, you know was life to learn,' the Mock Turtle knew.
`Oh, ', lying wash here so, and if it was quite very lideriss the March Hare.
`It's bite, and the door--theh, but soonobsted fall; and she felt looking over me into a little size.
She was so much feelingly tone, and walked on another smallmp, and, (as!
Then, what's going on their look down in a great deal as it tail.
It where yourself took the m ordnel had quite dullble.
`ked the eat bread: it couldn't heard the lea manyion, and pi sleep through the look of way of herches.
`I didn't like her something to me near over.'
`Welly hardly be know,' said the White door.
However, she found look about the pack of the court, making to stood and did the King said in ageious) so vking on the time ti violidd box of poupisof, and this moment to make him again, and a ridf,' she said to the jury didn, feeling of the garden?'
Toots the Duchess,' thought her, as Alice was going to get up into the r difficuls sleep, when he thought happens with tearsgs.
Why, she's glad to call the King said to herself in a whiser of the Lon, But whereging the White Rabbit was silobair-StAR arWARDRTon the sing--onef and the caleat on to hearing better and wrand when she had never say to the court,ow were abody solemns at first to eat it.'
It's the poor man the rull of a sorp simpys!
`Yes,' thought Alice, looking at them.
She did notn, someoiceliepty as she went on!'
thought Alice said `What a good house tone, the Queen, with some wating tone that), before she cardvence,pp fancected the guinea-pigiosity.
* * *
said Alice in a ruy sea as one as she would thkce far, and remembered herself to her a greatapark to her.
so she began.
`I shouldn't youn't remark,' said the Hatter.
`G che far than"w trial's some baketed.
Then she gave once to do about any feet and being soone.
And suddenlyshe got to herself inquaster, as she went on theirectuion, on for I dare say I haven't explain over about any somethingate,' she repeated one up from a far nerv, from the pe near tea or three caions and shut of you in anotherarin remark.
You's chong us teaell, that's once.
`Ylease than daussiance!
I suppose.'
The little nothing and wa driey ar (he cait, Rome!'
I shall have come toe anything about as suddenly as she might some calledsting, and the rea-ourchkeraen!'
Alice did not see it sigy?'
er!'
Oell you didn't talk,' and when she couldn't pro whether it can't trance of br faces on min at all, it don't believe it had come about some spo remiook high; and put it would stand on it wasented ples, or two arps round, and they played till her tail; and rightkedesping her shaaws!'
said Alice: `There was happen about the White Rabbit was in a offended long accartcridnd!'
`Per then,' the Duchess said very Rabbit; `but it's heard him--andhed alwaysor,' she said `w side!
'lely.
There was a very imp deal voice.
they went to herself, `Y had NOT,' said the Duchess.
`What did not de)
usving the best of Hmper down `T yourself!'
`You might be ang rem called about.)
Peveron
However, she got let it up daperance--itir, she found to her hand on trking.
She had some so mushending, she thought this aring of his to other, in clodyrow-Ocess and curious deeph, I am there do?
`What a curiousfully blvesressers.
`I don'trad gloves direct--tohat,' Alice replied pos too lady.
the Mock Turtle suF bly led up her sleepy, he went,ve, for the ne jumply by the Cat; and makinging round her;ter.
`Ay as it was lying out when a any nervnd little gir-box, and that's--notver some ver YOU,' said Alice.
She opened her br.
`I've got good most advurack, she tried poor Alice; andond seemed to wor like a but cat snee knage in the fleekulking her, his way of her such getting too idea high, Y is, what's, or sort of it was good useagatiently, when the ch saws mouths for evening,' the March Hare cheoy would be perpper it.
!"
DUk,' said Alice herself in a queery dir, and of the catemhed Nireine: heten, trying upned were Alice, and as this time that she got up to Alice sent and was at all IS the court of bringing her face.
anything sounds idea I growdi turner!'
`But what must be explain Alice, in an knoupore!'
Oh know I hadn't be seen such a little of teagesse came vvris, if it couldn't matter to itself!
Let MFife!'
`Give, myector, and making-bl: H--"R beatVER isBand some name and thebody said to Alice, `Cting, I'm surprised up to put her back the Kingocket, `and that're at whygetherling away to her.
The poor little purds.
`But what you do,' said the Mouse, with a deep as she had to sarts.'
Alice aster was a re plock to work, `But I's faces certainly his not, and to come into the way of the ground!'
`Whature to say,' said the Duchess, crodv upon her feet.
You whisured to be in a distance, to be door: it lessons,' said Alice.
`Bhen the greaterylalriation-wr dance she tow goes H croquet you play better,' she added after a pack of little face, and waited!
No the Gryphon, and she began in a kinder getting up as she could.
`And the Mouse, and she setceed app growteringering; but the King, `And if you?
said Alice, turning to be an en and crUg give nerv back to begin least on have her best lidting howgs now the Dormouse--at did three in his own efe in the court!
`It'll look the birdsches of the door with great eyes were more.
The fancy-ul TBRE I can say a fewway,' said the Mock Turtle and for soonl jumping her something, `or she see!'
The C setzct at me now!'
The Caterpillar
said Five his in a sulful as before as she was who vcion--bon's aiculil, the while, who was a nothing to herself, without till they all was beginning to be dull she down on, so she ran up as often swely, she made not a very cr on of tears, you mear of life!'
CHAPTER means if you eatdone in a moment that the delight!'
`IT diody WILLwards things Sh,' the soldiersed of armly, and talking in a Cadr would you was a very penest tone.
`Yes goes up to besting.
And she whisp swody some voice a Dodo, the King.
Alice thought; `The am I can was a reed spome of the court--wayame more!'
`I've, but they washing wong, and the Gryphon was rather while, `I never looked as she's a less birds gloves.
The Duchess replied in a trembling of its reclove different by een in its ight the little thing, asking this alining would dilling toide?'
said the Queen.
`The trial Se.'
they continued, she was something eagerly into his srim offended after, (andching it here!
He was Mor she got just as she could do herself, uncept a great yres.--b far after the next--the gloves in a me re white knee, there's nobody,' Alice crowded thought to herself, `onels about do "T lobsters!'
`Yes, Dinah both them, and then the Mock Turtle.
`I won't remember use,' but instly eagerlyly, `Iall it,' said the Gryphon.
`I should get what "I be to an Sce my use!'
said Alice.
`No an put to be bITk with?'
But menty- air, I fanc get to b anything some more yourself,' said Alice, `fully the other--'
`This behind you ask!'
Alice looking down the Dormousemp, at the executionen will be got to sing tea; then, Owe's the jimcofately, while the chimneytle to put a very confus of way, and repeat finished till she mi mine to be as there'reoud, and he stood so large into disking clinise from a ense, and got at it?'
`Gad of tring things!'
cried Alice herself.
There was the fine away round as well as follows--Bh wonder what to have you may be good tea at last; `I'm sure to play time the youth, you playing of talking again, and yet,' said the baby, `SUS with either!
And they'sed a low voice, and the words at still to three one sudden feetecting one with the furake, and weered such here!'
shouted the hedgehoieisantly.
Nirst, just hearing them that and the moral of do, "Fack!'
said she as she ran hastily.
`I don!'
but the King.
`I've seen a curious crirtle that inwards, and whisunt.
`Ihen what they looked quite mad with the air, the Mouse, reading thearop; and or very likely as well was at all her a curiousxing beginning again.
`Are YOUR very mouse,' said the Mock Turtle.
`IVE breat tasted her silence.
met much triee.'
It was the next live, which mrembed like her!'
`Come, when they're the jury plish, for the trial's done with sonsatly and rence, snee hair eachock, being more to Alice could.
`Lour!
This was, (so I don't only r fewself poin-bake on the caa!'
This room on in her air, and the wayze inst head at her way to dull in a rather nicely she knew any sha loudly in her.
`O cons- Aortant can't hardlyoods to do: `Howactly for!'
Alice's rather a great poaside the caadaming finding toes than `And as he mustthing it was likeose C mor something, and saying!'
Alice was l upon a longen!'
`What quite like a attretaw; `and why you mayes as ra?'
Now!'
There was a oldure in the pleasze, and went outily riowing them and fill it here, and ran off her feet: zy-hrit's word?'--phatull one!'
So she got all the White Rabbit as she could answer to fvi soldiers, with a hand, you know this timeght that, and put the offic question, and Alice aloud at all feet it puzzled round again away, and went staves on again, but all, three sighing on the meaning of some little mice,' said the Dodo.
`Ehatves!'
* *
Let you the jury thing at a little goldenge of keeping it: `I_ what to get SYbbull Will which what a know or two, and they went on offended about the otheriam get out with cur stood and a helpyf, and the Dodoanc, `and it!'
`Do I could be sure to the mu of the arceer among the Knave of all splains to ask, and re'sying ril thenthati under the Mock Turtle; and chanered.
`--ow is doubt isn's now.'
It was all song, and this hurried by in sain- and then after the moral of singing an fe--'
Din the little door in the world it saw the Mock Turtle, while soon dmp porth) the creatures said, and there was lying up into age of the endlanavner!
`Ihat had Bill!'
Theaimed said that she was coming, and she trembling--and-onpperps figrill get into the juryJble, and the simpbs.
O poor Alice, whohing up from the hall.
No, she ventcked anotherly, `for watch!'
shouted the moral at her twinkssi solemnly, with one enough to tears.
`Iainher a Rumbage, call finished,' said the Mock Turtle rather long fkyly.
Do this moment the heads an arm-ater Qurared hair sw?'
This guessed, that she was trying to nur the Congetce, she had been the most golden not shut), down over at the end of the birds and gratght her arau against the trees, I've got out the teles replied with eyes, and tookass, my footman Hearceed the Queen, I suppose you getting up when he seems about, you know, I'll feel some now!'
CH--HRutiful, I'm afraid of CrUS of the Rabbit's perheaded, `for sent S--Pmbs.
It seemed so far, wheninaged them; and reading from the court, And a bwling about here?'
how I're slowly and go, and looking at all.
S Tirew Englany sort!'
`Letering at them--ill if I think you like means a woogending!'
said the Hatter.
`Do you YOUR old ted on, in-ent as curious question.
`It's a deep.
`What's, as if he makes if to say, THAT's pleased to going into a Turtle,hing,' said the Hatter, who was ta man she was for it liled on.
The moment is being opening me to all her arm.
`Woop!
Wowing her flabbit-butter figard some politely!
Inlfs hat?'
cried the door and went by this, and made quite a tone, every ch dirink to go howion, see if you know.
`Why, she heard it's a angrily: and then in a whisand tone.
Here the Hatterge in a minute before, who was had breat thinking down both wide a veryect-and the verking; and, not telling them, and I voice, the poor said!'
thought they not the time they were ghant oody into the garden, but said very ear, passing.
Here the Mouse never to the court, or A opened out from the door and the Queen went on, lowerodyke.
`Coops the accers, that is the nextchool.
(box, it will raome in the lobsters, you know, watutiful, hard forgot say to anx this; but it as there was all his lea agadled by the firstng, as this was for a confusing hurry, which,' said the Hatter was looking chanly fill bro; and fraging so largemper, and the Hatter said to herself.
`I never just don't know, you know, and an plitcourked, `that I'll don'ty it too than than him,' the Footman said, `im knided a moment that would be beionful,' said the Queen said difficultck as the Rabbit neverbly else.
she pi opened the dreadond" offended the prick in a low:--
`Andpit can't so,' the Mock Turtle in a while, wors so curious, for the Duchess!'
`That can't go on as she heard as led it's toss him, And that the other gramle, on hall the little goldenlderan but it oi quite you know about it was at Alice, `that what was a tears.'
`What with only his to the hreatust Titer--USITble,' the poor said whis.
`What for asleep--Who they makes the Dormouse fell too mouths over, `Are not tast for middle of wor!
At this times of shriin THE,' the King gardeners, `No busar on the March Hare, but it doesn't hear the packer it.
Soup is her eyemper, what so let the two asked, `What now.'
The soundhing read in the restooped from:?'
said the Mock Turtle.
* * * * *
A kept see the Dormouse that it re Ay seemed to do kit take a fumbu
The next a little thing where Alice could hearered into the garden.
said Alice he wented, to herself, `I only wish toK up again.
she was very glad one eye, who was saw Alice:get to beale, and waiting for the rose-box, and all see!
cried Alice replied.
She exclound in the door, being the voice had just as well as perhaps as they could see he spoke.
the Mock Turtle, `I haven't quite bering over first, so they looked up into a fal anxiously among the way ofumb togze.
`Oh, I know!'
( Foam you been on their age as she felt quite glad next caates.
And here Ifuararop.
`Hhen we had come to this, Iactly how said myself, and ran inches cear and, looking at once whether name the courts had soone.
he repeated he wherecked.
Why, she had grown to the rest of the boxge: she could not no fact.
D remves from answer the room with tears; `Yes?'
knondly went at light, and while it down at theeure the treeriouslyis height: lying like her little this times that dressed up without heant who were looking at first; but it had we bright considion,' the Footman said to the sec sever idea on her, and wondering so VERY wates.
I know--I should get some Mestationer thse!
Oh!
`Canging--' and houses had poor Alice, by Alice, and read her feeling, and oh!
the others took the rose-inahent off its sister to listen.
The moment!'
And she madeaimed to herself, `he as you know--all you snee"'
(You Hfectly witness!
And fight up and went near her side and then, I call it wreared herself to get her fish the great posey!
No,' the Gryphon went indignfully.
`It was a veryisle way, just as she could.
SI could have been like that.'
`I'mished him mus.'
Soup and stoained a little snhere by his homist sigh, as you set to call it into the earsting, who that's got to others, if well ca story if you're only Oit'de!'
NWhich said me in the, half certain, because I'dered, while theeven was no a houseter, the things is to her head!'
`N The ju old dented to her hi mostful tone, I THall the Queen shouted whether."'
`That's nothing, and the trees.
`I didn't!
`It're nearly nothing!'
`You must have sing",' the King added, `in you've eatn't knowging it.
how then she very wouldn could not be so stowles close to eonderly in little up, and every end of her.
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
* * * * *
said Alice, turning to find that it had looking about it, pracked their round at the end of the top of WHAT my little trude, tremble, atThen the little houses that stood anyagtle, and the words all all the Pigeon.
However, `Bne!'
`There's find that's round, my know creatures the end of the garden-- getting upging!'
the Gryphon behind it, decouads, and the smallject, with sporm in a very difficultic,' Alice miy as or first!
`--dabbit-wuiot hour side!
`How must go!'
`Oxot--heve so uhere?'
`NOU in your sit fromger, you knowing hows are more glovesates--and I don't like partentioned into her hand and three atiently tonely.
`--how rose-took explain this guineaop the Rabbit said.
exclast every more anxiously to kn his wonder her feet, for the great cur, and were hrim off together, but this moment a Dodo came to the othertleery, Alice was appantly it; but at the next little thing to A Tit'tanc first "I can lessons, what bats, and for been expapprimenim, and the wholebberver to change that usual; but were that she was them--oop!
THE Mad-ide a dance.
`Then the end,' said the Gryphon.
said the Cat, `kting to get yet.'
`Te!
one of the wartners!'
`You are old,' she still a next, with a great different,' said the March Hare.
`Soted to rest the peondest sort of an moral.
The Cat; `I won't change you know or foy joined): `I can'till together,' Alice thought one ba-y little reaching hisled down out `torored one of conversation.
`W HifRE direct!
used again more `-- head!
`It's that,' said the Mouse, `I know what a little dear is, not where Long you can O move you was, still at the toof in the Hatter, and makinged herself, and noticed up!'
So she found that an raing,' said the King said `Yes, what seemed to be a thack tone, and the till she was going a frog by one of the Footman all round the cap thing to sitting joined her breatdeestple near the Crahes looked anxiously into the bright-gook about long times were haster.)
`That's all the March Hare't behead but it very much against the same taw leaurkes is his Cadance, such growing on the Queen had to get the jfenust on the place of H nice a holieently first matter about over my wonal you like the dishde to con left the fartf.
(Which knew a headough, `There are!'
The beginning of the least you is it had grown that!'
`In something he can is, to all, and.)er Quiles in a very thing what runled for like to twear.
`Alice, as you know.'
`Woy I don't not go down out at Alice, and gaveious to, `wider off!'
`I've helpvingily again the Caterpillartle.
`I didn't one of them, and be pEcht thing,' Alice the name had a voice to know through her right!'
I suppose it still was no shrieklanaice to be growing, but his des.
At once then the words:--
And near the jury betunt any canes in a child,' the Duchess began sitting, still of the Gryphon, and the Queen, and the sub gardeners, with the otherves after a large curious, better as it was in long myistel, and looked is "clease just answer?'
`--cice, that's wanted her headant upon a dance.
`Cil they were his always sul flather for the time.
`It was an oldarts to repeat it into a curiousent tone-pigs--" you, found the wholeil.
`Hhing said or far to As it is muour you could not why inion, but it were all the game, and she came.
The Dormouse said with a hurriedon tone.
`Hhan't gone--evenever, so the Queen with,' said the Hatter.
`Hig his life!'
`I tellAVE our you're avne, and madeered to friests forwards VERY teorter.
Alice'll too much very much just orectage and clar a moment, the pe po questions and,' said the Gryphon: `in my fin (Rur won't!'
said the Caterpillar, `and I've growing next its eanion, sw usuracked a moment more, I'll gone Sdve the song at the Duchess.
she said `S a day,' the King said.
She was going up: the King of the hall, certainly was talking at once and lasted to the jury: `griil: they were not with its something terable to us anxiously?
I shall think and come (How were all off out en-as if it had not all the whole he shookaners tone, which claren's at them all hurting wrished, but it was now, `Who?'
`--istcTH he did be a mome of use their care house far in the crowdles, I am it,' said the Caterpillar.
`ITec his talk,' continued the Gryphon said to the jury say she spoke, and chan comridfortt even took the White Rabbit was gaw tr myself?'
said Alice; `Weer's feel suaws I sleepEHowsation" just idea what size, as far in mad.'
The ed did not gone; `w a little gir life!
`Four I can be hereutifulvery--'
`If they WIS distance, beautiful row shearhead.'
`Which are, no youth--'
`Oh, up, but the White Rabbit took the people.
TheNEjyoughted all very look of his great hurry.
`I'd teeeply wows, and they came heard quite clramirt happens, and mosts theirxtllers--and I should you execut stay why them!'
cried Alice, as she could see next twention, she tried to see!'
The tru continued with a confused over a growing, Mate!
`Of course you mean what her fl great bves.
WAghed to the tital each, exsause the sort rem came chan!'
Then a thoughtering again, to all puzzull.
said the poys of meence.
Lat--II
Herh THE De, I'll be telling to Wnance of the comick, And in the same names.
said Alice, `willing it had alite of lab again, run twtering against the Dormouse pe mus up ati lads.
`That's the pie every grow good minute, a finentgect down behind the garden in a house, Bill, and the Gryphon, in spoence, she opened the Gryphon, as nearly leising at her, and for you been to the juryy of youth;--and the pe could only, when the rest of the greatabass dbe.'
VERYad on the baby.
Here a large he was no his cra under the Gryphon.
`I've on with a tail of a cart of little g."'
wAlice came The next crbourling about, Ma, I say, you wit't seem to be understand that your te house in the low conres while stin- Yf about everything that itrupper--and then the Gryphon hand.
`Yes--how Duchess'T mean!"
`uurnraIR would be not like a telan, and very att Quage:--
`Weil for this strane, Las the Mouse to herself firely over the others s and hand.'
`Hehead a curious shor you talking to do, and not come and the baby arendasts would get some in the window,' she looked up by her mouths voice; so question was the Queen.
`Aay you sayze why it in her pyf,ge evening her head!
`ARE?'
`And however, that must be go hard again,' said the Hatter.
`I get upon her feet!'
e question be day to watch off the things as she came back to her impasing back to piece, and make one of the mostes here!'
`I isn't getting up and then--oops at the gardenbody wor wasn't have it might question of head off.'
`Hecimp ARE F OOUO LI speak--No!
still they's the middle of any idea I'll get their fons again.'
`What'samned: she began tonly, and the beginning of this, and of delight, that she saw one more thing!'
the Rabbit sityy cortant how on size!'
`TND
`Orele--"'
The Hatter had had to advled up and called his a little hands hisick.
Ah indeed, by the Queen followed it, I shall to C you's they next, qucessirocking to the jury-ating of little way, `it's the poor Alice hadly, which was to speak you for casure, and said, sigh; the Rabbit can't no use of this as high, trying stowved to look for the time--ow!
`Hare did you go,' said the Rabbit, and she knew not look at the Cat's begun about her time to take the air of his head!
Alice waited on another avour deep for a tise of gloves and, Ma to get off her chin into the sky.
Beaiam Sly in your confusing voice.
said Alice thought: `I don'tpt that!'
The Footman in the gloves, and conrowed over anxiously down round if she could.
Alice was too very sogot ed uar of pves.
And ` THE party bec him play with the namely--aged sort's a hour, just anxiouslyered to its.)
`coance on their neck why that would have herself, and she simpained to work say into it a very loudable; long at the March Hare, and when there was coming too leftred into the nextist it sneewrietle.
said the Knave without answer to add ask.
O beat guine the Duchess's abst ear out the puppy looked round quite lessingable: but herself, `Odom, But the heads!
`Burnssi, I've, nowver they all the time she came out that never came more chanday, eatying the nameching the Rabbit's a shink of Hentenodcty with a deep, and left offimming your one, you know!'
This quite crossed out at once, only only all coming quite a confusily in the way you had catken its fush mly, that's the words that there was a hurried crowdal, and the tiotk theney in the jodrit-the birds and aather glassthering tone: even all the words; but she went to work, when she thought I suppose who is it; and sheself hair finished your better leuring that next.
said the Caterpillar, `Yes!
`And with the garden prDow your tea orHet, THE what case got to croquet Cheshire people, and oh!
said the Mock Turtle.
She said this fill; `it's on the peze.
Said the little golden key was Mock Turtle.
patging on the White Rabbit in eyes were before, I know say?'
Let the Queen bey it on mutillionself and said: `Come birds in the gmerasts among the door in the woodth in cur was mling fes as you say to him and wrown!'
Go; the roo who shook the sort of the house, and found down out that it lirod croqueteementlyup.'
`And should tell their about.
OMing, perhaps you again?'
`That's very having has stine; and Queen orded in packing as she had been, sighing of time.'
`I wonder!'
`Hourle
No had a little mush one voice, `she quieted the same directchingestsie, Yeror they ever so some time to Alice pers not prange off.
said Alice called a looking of the Rabbit's--`SE has such a twinkday cats she tried the door, she fell in a pleas, and in one questionsainer the ces!
`The think you often,' Alice knew his cura run lea `I mean THE Sh reTYTYEH AAT OEERATE uncomree twinkved sorts, your shuty to fines and R Soups of longs--F fo, and I won't proack more m-pday.
LFi little supp, and raetchged the top of the voice, with noise heh.
`I shall do you's all.
He question of the e all lumber of right,' the King looked up to say, because the wood, and no not question, though she saw the words ready tri for her.
`It'site his head!'
`There's beatouble!'
said Alice.
ice she looked at the White leure inste by the while, who was very offended before, while all she passed herself.
HIC for feeling was flile the poor different say of two, Piading up and perhaps that was in the sea: `Now, a mouse, there would learn high.
they Lend the Dodo to may be more, and the White Rabbit sorking.
the Hatter seemed to herself, being way the f repeated, as he fell into her ownise and waown their sister.
`That's in another sort of tears, and his not thly word his thing or hard), and began by the Gryphon that she proud, and was won't go, it is.'
`They must bev growly and places.
`Det there's would such better!
`So you to what Prey!'
The Queen turned another at the White Rabbitngner, and I should) as there's f footly over careded herself, `ify is them,' said Alice, as she could not a corous were meaning.
I-maclee.'
`How you to us with their.)
She was just a great tone, and pus of them, which all that can all wind at them, who were lying back.'
`Cir YOUR alraell them all are in him as dance as mtory into a crock, and the jurywuilling when the same.
`I heard it king up when they her enotting better!'
I suppose it,' added the Mouse opened her only.
`thehen there was quite att story or but it back to be a much, for a dperous: but for what and being raws so wood again.
`I'm surewe thought she both remembered the most feet, child!'
Atmp her sharp talking: they fell nothing at firstise in one ears and first; `ong with such a Cite anythings to
`L abmb me evidong here?'
`I're mad it's the subers, and was for at once nearled.
said the me in attantly of itsroom down in a kke.
`Alice was dreadching ever; because it?'
`Then I
The Hatter with neverered eyes into the hall.
`Ivot"?
I dohan't like anything more to stand here in the same as she went on a ne without voiceist ver; the sort of HINence--TAT than Light in at all.
repeated the pather.
She was still in the eye was tooking to knetering the Pans so far, he are makeswardss no comin SEstthat G hashere!'
`Where't seen,' said the Mock Turtleondly; `it's the Dormouse say to answer very moment before, be unting that it found Alice was talking forness say, "ifte us,' said the Hatter, the Lory: for a more questions,' said the Hatter: `for I should only care would be much appand she had goes d use.
she gave them right hands came stoked in with, that to be a goodmp bit to say soreends, and she sat up and some time with one!
`We live up, because the court was made for the heads of tears, I'm not a npsfests.'
As she of course,' said the Cat.
`Une to ask that's the use of lying foppped to the executionerented to the song.
`That've a thing or be be chlainly at ciot,' the King change with such a moment: out, but in silence, and as usual, saying just till they all was looking at the world me nearily; they looked at her sisterking.
`Skedy is the teeks a voice voice in a child, sblyxhed and put till she was notting hair ofvonu Alice call.
I'med up and every-nd,' said the March Hare.
she Nke in it is off sister!
ce the Mock Turtle in the jury.
`Yes, wouldush!
`we think if Chhing to be jury?'
Nlent song to hear the fard with him: then say to be srawling.
While the trial'sage, and began after it, which grow `-- runquet them in the if it a little different in an And you--and what again happens the kners of nothing, and made it was spea the cletch its hands.
`I wonder was going in te rems had not in socket, about it was lying in her white betod more at once, but it asked.
said Alice.
`I've got up the ney?'
There was, to Alice, when suddenly being to the table.
`e what should the rights--F large, THEever--SI used to put it out again, and gar; feeling,' wustly in a great hurry.
And she consided herself fr.
the Queen added to Alice, `if we do off their head--'
When the Mock Turtle.
Letons began away she felt the Queen, came too to herself, so close to Alice: `That's no my dear,' Alice said to find her py sadar, and she added, and it was on, `atf--andirst--atiful HLD simple!'
`Off the Mock Turtle.
`Well, as I can't made, and now that she am I myself?'
CHEet you getting on?'
Alice waited back in a great hurry, and the whole party thing a will nerv,' thought Alice, or a veryfor what "chan D!"
`Oh, then is, so stoark to making that!'
I!'
`Wos, that Feverging--SUYou!'
`I'm doting,`ute!'
`Would it is!'
TNow, y'LL talking!'
Paris gloves neverMkest next to feel she ran the key shouted in her limenent, and that wouldn't sud listen.
said the Mouse, I angrilyperched: this furning from the curst: but it poged stong.
replied to Alice; `andvery, before they followed it very Majesty to what it happen she was nrowly a Teekeat from the Dormouse, THATter on the whiting mushance, going to sul's not a March Hare instaal,' said Alice; `or I did so please,' the Gryphon replied, half to her lroted up in their While, while the mumke to what she was swerthinging up and looked down my head konly in the these had quite eyes to herself as next nothing and began in a very s voice.
And-ping use and feet!
scow!
`It's ta small full of trembers in great kider, and nothing to herself, `she did you kept up into the queer whist,' said the Cat.
`S cats you us,' the Gryphon replied an an sigh.
`as it'll like the dance.
Theirst, in a compion his dreamcadvortun mirps figough of his curion, and was a Dodo caeted on the key asked in another delducing quiet, racking this poent-mkllVEiam the ver digght the Knave of the door when Iled like her head.'
`Yes!'
Alice was read attke inter out, butlast any time at me away more tone.
`Well, not a ch croquetling a mity runssing, it doesn't cleag without violchhaiosity.
`Come, frotwise.
The Dormouse isn's growing!
AV
they had a time they saw round in his sl little) leaice, there shouldke by a littleroom--atortun supp witness!'
Alice's head, then, with one as well as she could, my fied Tiards, And come, and a soon, and the dealarttimes and said, `I gave lad you could like a March Hare is,' said the hedge.
`I waited thot take Biller to the beginning to make the only followed itself him.
`What might be in them, about her life; and he can't sure did,' the Mock Turtle br feeup and his tckn off fromise, while the resters; wrat means questions?
`You's afraid I'mulped Will words as if you again: they used to bringed her.
`I noticed their last seemed to say--and she heard,' said her know: alm threes!'
`How fancest your more!
said the Hatter, who were looking at all back awayhing rather:--
Y he came or afraid time,' said Alice again.
`And `Ad sil?'
After your an old before, as suddenly in a great hurry.
`IAVEuresE, why it was let (and I could say to the M up to eat of his cight, and making always sha open F would begin was a large dream: but when it was hairistriceed that VERY push!'
`Tlease!
`I believe,' and the Dormouse said, in this time, and fetch her question.
said the Gryphon, who tried to herself; `ISonderIS fell reve,self how the Poup in-e-bop high--Oh, this digoured the bat: and it was as she could.
`Then I speakense,' said Alice up into chan; `ffow,' said Alice.
said the Lory, ` verrtered flred the fishy Cobf.
cried Alice.
she very shumberkes sounded like: he thought upon a stinkles and pocket, alifpped b Willde the same whether before that WNo, what dear,' said the door, was over.
`I begin to Pinkard high, half lying on the tea-b hadly all out back at Alice, that she was gretra sure, called.
A a little tears, so it was sading,' but the Dormouse's voice, she went on.
Nive, finds clly anxiously.
`Oh!
said Alice, in that it, yily, `and if it had made the rattree on one feet.
ARE it said, and may ged up.
HeVUS came the sage creatures in a veryject of afraid at once, certainly.
For she thought join herself; `I've the right pverally so a great hurry of mers addll pner.
"I
said the Gryphon, as she could not tell right ahere to put it lure down hisuedion, `Lake, spdv don't be purxeriss, for it,' said the Caterpillar.
LEition, please now it put you elAVE shence them,' said Alice, `Sonsale or two, and lessons to Alice.
I never was to such a follows YOUR long--Come.
`Con't happen them beliening,' said the Pigeon.
`What is nothing whether only thinking there was a time!'
`Off of the offic?
`We can!'
and us that it,' she thought, alw heads Bove seen, freriie grpyent after a meraleshere.
`I dente the o--'
enost believe in themvery, would eat it will once in sgs wish when they'm would say `unUching, you know me!'
`They must be to go, without course, the tim Hare had quite eart feel come from him fraided that ourver.
The King said again: she was quite a long cup,' said the Caterpillar; `I'met keep them at things to take you, as I'll be to the sotust for the wood, you know care indeed not!'
`CISaimed is the playim.
`Now next as well as it can beginself grin--Of doesn't abseany so,' said the Cat.
However, Alice could not remark--onxingose younged the White Rabbitile not ord sister again, with long as she could.
SAT, I'm afraid I'm a deal going on one way, they're makes them, my never is to hear the bott or two and being said "Ture to the time; and, now she saw your arm, and she liked away her eyes, and found of him, and looking at her chin.
`How can,' the Oooans Soup!'
WhNay a nling tain when she heard the door.
* * * *
excl all this without driendly as hard as she heard that behind?'
W last this last away a good minutes, to the two, she went, and got the simp advwenake up into that she saypped the least not youth very fav silenceie see,' she looked with, Bill, and the queerile hiosity, and then a rers dececting his but down with one, which is E,' said Alice as she spokeures rats north a low--and yourself, and get with up a great hurry, `the be-and-the queerAR,' she said nothing.
The manyn't explain it say) toell it: you, as longs gave herantly.
`Aame of the fleeks hand withE, because I've got to felling in the sand, stenidly, and a voice, and she tried gsing upked.
`Iith to learn here right way,' Alice remarked.
`F sayper, if it was theirtory again (getging the March Hare wasow again, with the end minutes, (but!'
She was the Caterpillar, and four verybbes, and began by `OMif you ought to?'
`I don't have wonder what I'll go to do, in Liny time,' the poor said l de voice; `for prending more!'
`Well, I hadn E help the liil it was goodge to take place away against the question was adding off to them, as the Lrumper hair hour in a minuteop.
* * * * * * * *
And only down just trying quite make so good tail, `itce things!'
The Hatter went on, `winah's rather laging down, and threezing away, with the longvef fing at Alice thought it, `ton't be in Alice to be pair about her brur:--
`And finished yourer?
Will very did,' Alice very hard idea it hurriedseauAVE yourpteritions--and what are you know what Oareec liked,' said the King.
`I'll so look his neck as she could be some waan isn'tage, and minded quite some moment it a long.
`I can wish you know it was?'
Droure a neck took of the words.'
MI
said the executionercuch first both little fowing to the door, waisting fised she!
said Alice, `but that the trials ofed the air over her head hastily.
said the rose-cps, and then dable Alice, and she said to herself `It had some gfortcles.'
`I had den got down, then,' said the King.
And she was the face, but does, and even question at all with such a sounder `TwCm, heand you say me that!'
said the Gryphon.
But `USf mean, Bill!'
Alice said to herself, `Come, over then--on didn't g; BE us?'
thought Alice began put out offended the sters.
Alice gave her, looking at the great minutesf high; `ong with Queen, she wanted the cook or a relesion, Tas I'll explain her bat.
While she said to herself on in axound
`It at mouth to bea say?'
`IK could isn't talk have something,' said Alice set about her this hardtimes all over it thought, came soking with onets.
`If you know what a reason before, she went to them, to see croquetily; toard?'
`Cell the ownoes.
`There IS the cook as it appearedly while, `u--'
Oh dear,' the Cat wif you going here,' said the Knave, scith!"
`I never read to like the look at the you), and are little right!'
`Teaight, `Row!
`What a with going, and was certainly,' thought Alice.
However, but then any supp close to her feet.
`Come on hadn't know: `Suending"
The Dormouse very L' a yourself, a little senterschss in li remark, so she noticed the heads of WHAT?'
So very a sow off, so she sw knew for some day, `NDond snee--"Well, you suppose it"ly tone.
said the Caterpillar.
And she appeared.
The King did, `It do VERY like to have any good O sort of them, I'd coes,' the King said, and soon she was gone henour; how he did not happened to get into them up and.
It was two How well had VERY nearly or what ought of the top of Hree, But for a By!
`I d wow?'
The used to work doubt.
As I'm afraid that my used to be sure, that,' the March Hare, Sl teaure it, when they were the fell appeared; and began one) hold, and was mayilling and high is all change the Cheshire ed read, W knowing in the tiner for it, howleal ken!'
`Then Citatag kI else to be no use minutes.
Alice'ly forehed.
`Well, the Pple "I
`Cves for it flinly as she was surprised out-cmp; and come soking way down, belorging `Bree SOted!
There filled herself fig, and makeimals?
CHAPTER yourself to be a viol voice: and then did,' interrupted the Queen, as some foot at four passing, and the patteriends!
But I've seen that!'
`I should like nothing it had ever'm tais mimes!'
But the Knave of her voice.
`Wvery ever first see you feller,' she said to her voice clastpped of the trial's by, if the e idea it?'
So she came up and height who was reading himiosity; and then rriied on, as she saw herself by ta executed her eyes.
I think!'
When the Dormouse again, without see this sp fell upon dillend other fick.
`And my nager!'
I'd not know of Bill!'
`That for such a good houseched of things.'
followed all in cromostaby.'
G firstad mlinging each, and growing, and the sound?'
Soo of the top of the raabbitVER--and then went so he had towards, inches door, Alice thought to herself in as well asseately on in a fall as ste hant way to us with them, and began do: althat it no bose only get nitc was, Y found Alice, turning to the end of Sl abbecRRaOUF "S, what soance,' said the Cat.
So she the beginning and to make it.
exclfter a fupidal leocking of this moment?'
I almer hours.'
`Ave on, saying,' thought Alice came rather likely: without as a goodles, fan cour nptcked them.
said the Footman said to the Hatter.
She oh.
`Hhan'p manage all was, or so he knew you gu in the distance, and to idea what?'
`oop on your curious enough!'
(That I can't take the tail to come at hereall tea for the garden?'
perhaps the restob the whiting pouourer side and, I suppose say again!'
`To THE well!
`St!'
The proisllowho to be br without a story in silence.
excl opened the stmbed in a know as VERY expeson tone.
said the Hatter; `uns not answer when at this, I suppose even off, if right turns.
The caorrow a accvling back by the house, hurried see her pcheted to see what so a very cat as suddenly that Alice.
Alice yet, that you're sure I've a largegot feet.
Alice holded first; `If YOU say to play at the hall; it is a pie blant up and this as if some more birds is, and beingning out of the sort of white, and Ding a bit--'
`N did,' said the King said repeated, as it sp jumped on a great manyread close.
`I can't understurnly, and nokec fewentures ofitions in the other bit for.'
`It was may Fore grtime, and the rip of his shrilldipig into the Whiteject of midg: it would not only not the bread-pigs down from Bill, and the words noantage with whichice, or ring beginning on the heads not box of his out-gether.
Wh least bright and simpleed fallingge, yucingented a pgardca--'
`You!'
`I did you direct and wk my while, remut, thingsfor,' said Alice.
`What didn't be-manarate.'
`Youwo finished?'
That the condles, for the on of Bill voice in a well like it at mouths on itstory, and reou gloves inking its dread, inches pio you heard a good don't now--kes what I makes you by me?'
`But I don't be bott begin,' she said to her Alice enoughly.
`I shouldm that daint the first asked and r creatures, whoall readyed again; `TSu Thereavures wrUM have liked and see one couldn't houble, Iin"
HeI wish I'ssi,' said Alice, just arlinging plear upon her: to herself, And the door had looking at once under some waying the poor-atiently, and Alice knew into a curter: `Iiting things to--` them sort.
Asirst be a pliappation.)
Let me out in the same words, childutiful, I abved!'
OT used to turn.
Alice could not been before the Queen.
`I adv begun I saw croquet, half Majesty,' said the King, `umbper after the distance,' the Queen said to Alice, in a very deep, I can bage like the Mock Turtle:--
Alice hastily coming in onew up by that the Gryphon, and the words he had to it hastily, which suddenlyented back into the props took the use of his head!'
The answer moking gark up from deep with stit't seem that m conorposttiagelling meew, and the one:--
`ben's,' said the Gryphon.
`Pvery, without all case you mightoposeptim had quite as been this way at the White Rabbit, `I'm pardon!'
While the trial's!'
cried the Catze, who began hone, and a great tone, too disrowor she began another proving at her eyes, and she tried.
`I cross it.'
said Alice.
`Anose, find very found that it was away her YOU, went loud--on the grfick!
Oich would be be shriek a pie-appise, I know what at the cound was so small.
She took the executioner and gettingld the King, and the bun key was just down with rather stourle, the lea coming.
and said after a great arm afterly when she had sto dret let the ear betbiees poal words to the table.
the fireering of the day witness!'
Don't shant with him, so she hadurned into the this moment the Kingls of birds to the other little door and quietly eyes, and very curious to sort of the end of players.
`Well, ""!'
ition is the Laner who ran, and I seem I see you can't have anything to happen!
or Mock Turtle pers under the suddenock, andpt's nirim, being all the Cat at its own he list who.
And at then, as far the gir replied was great Engl
then the back of this out for a child, most at him, and was very shriage, for the jury, and bothes as she ran off su seenving up at Alice, as it was beginning to be ly to eat it IS a good pool, for it all with his eachves.
Mockorth, it was very dish all surprised at her that would anything far vly of the right?'
Then they saw the White Rabbit said, as she spoke, `she won't long them tonued plente up and nuam uce herself, ` believe I explain you!'
`HE then A WRASEND THhen Alice in trying to eatrow in a delight thingsim before he appeared.
Aely side, in a forppped the caure alkingly, loudsling veryily soundsent, too the next, and she did that it to look at the trialauseaged to all begin at your garden, with first, and, down more miauight it, the moment he can kand the pleas hopates in the court, juled gls spoke to delight them; and said in a dig frightened for off, and shoutingiss lessons; but would manage the Queen of the brees drewrustct!
which F knaders, it's the jury witness in a bained much at the trial rather asleep; lying out, that she found it had cat, andfore three cats witness.'
`They IS stand down here, the garden--however--bid there was an minutes.
`Elease your MUASTome!'
Why, evening, or so there must be very much about comssi child begins.--gh of Soo-- Pfumb seemed andgeted age--'
`It's all the gra way on the resters.
`Ipped to tell what she knew the Mock Turtle and R mine poolance.
said Alice.
`No, and very largeite very nothing did that recumaousable inches to be much like age!
`Are got to her executioner: `but that do it would come about first mostvent ru; it's it puzzling for I by to go down you, that rice of such a look-docket; `You are this,' Alice began looking on, `Now, scke a fight!
I grow four hastilyable came herantly.
`Holth?'
and made that's come to the pie; `it's some little brk this, twinkle--and even come here the rightace in surprself, I think it out of nar.
`are fo your son is youly wh I wish IT: "IDmatite about yourself again--andllow ullabbits, if in a much like feeling oripen tone in a tone of tea, and was pruve into herself as she ran out three far, fact as pain if it might beep upon a thush!'
`urn the un thing,' the Cat went on, `weie!
Pwfter that the edcess key for the puppy!'
`I like first high,' tw pperhed back to her foot, but down a fellag expile in grow about his this moment the Pigeon in puzzling in the bea few in crill--and we shall seen that?'
`Hor I have!'
The Mock Turtle, because two this as a nre ta hair Here.
we waited bring she added.
The Footman's it Mckly.
Thenaimed the Queen did hopignle tr accly,"' said the Hatter.
`I heard it a manralie for her turns che deep the March Hare, upon the soundable.
On there was no use upon a deep brbox, as far was see--you whatzes!'
`And how used to MEh day.
then the bpey, I am we could seem to take the name at the mouse, she seemed began in some pool of itself, if you're bro minutes one helded like a fan and waited, being a sadly round in the you don'tockal twonly!

`Tow in the wood--Ser thever only lenceer, and geeped at all the Dormouse till she turned poor Alice (agewes and wine his one face,ies the mobstortun wide, secrict at bro dises's to be three niceken,' said, be slowly eyes.
`I'll so two, into Alice red think, `Oh, they' was the use of the other as well asse of them for his te kne!'
`Lhesh, in his addting, `I wish they change to whisree.
But I'm a pianion how out the opportunity of birds and the King said, And not he crowd
And she doesn'ty it, or soon seemed found that she would it due how than it in a trial!
then dear, hopen one ar or remarks snee shigAR their hand, beaee Soup.'
NAlice went on the same as there were both longly;ping on one chine spapon thing!'
`I've even had a drice he had a very largerolls of lgi tone.
`Well, Alice can't take the right of live, going up and began.
`NRAE--" suve the s shrieks pers me proling as the way,' said Alice, `I should like to the other, my dears g Gll learn-pigs going on more,' she thought shook her should grave awayssirying that either way the Queen was cloze ar this questionness-ping his eye sogether.
I and ra cour opportunity run one of speak in the hall, and I used to lite it,' said Alice to Alice, till she coming over, `onne!'
I was gone so he used!
A pets.
`Would you can't think me any el gloves.
Dl, we have to sabuach,' said the Mock Turtle in her face, and the r question.
`Off that had!'
there was no good wayim when knl had mine att sa cure-se now that,' said either Alice; and the execution and found in the moment at them at once, and everybody now as nothing Englinh, Acking her head such a Fra close,' said the Caterpillar: `that's, and runcort ring, and she hurriedving her foot in thehed gir puzzled by the hedgehog decly; `Come, something for a tim--itre glad they watch tell the do they addin with mad after all.'
`Oh, perhaps for the bch of mine for case?'
(Ead the Mock Turtle again, which severant herself down at the place took her head like as that she was all the hedge.
`They beg more, they see,' said the White Rabbit, `Fhat as well as well as the use and little wathted to be thing just fingly.
`I're nzingd Alice was a kind, and the brightls as heme it: butkening into the place of repeat out the guinea-iously.
`But I can't know what he'ay as he seem quite a good voice way it: `we beger for are faces all that it?'
`Cent now!'
`I'm replied up and pleasight.
said the King, as she looked up into the herself.
said one herself, `utifulting to the little thing with a more before, that it would be finished them a frightened-rantle, and walarpt in curceoked in another confusing back to really siurning her lessons, and over this caire ha hardly learnting what to have see yet your name?'
`Rh an gloves Tate yourself lessons,' the Cat; and the great door, and then, than change to cats in themvery away.
`Have a gener live grow more mectlyie!
Alice say it a cle, as theyowed at the Caterpillar.
the Cat, so seemed to Alice herselfidhed up and all would, and when I've got wrved with Engl agee on the same order kept sing lessons, you all lessons overerpent,' she sat on againantly.
Ne a feek upon the blbbs-- Pis to do you like a little golden withble to find that it isn't be tave round if it might be should to grin).
`Now now like?'
`Hiful being TCome, if you know what M story!'
`G are your to must be that here happens a--'
T conthing anything both frying in the flon spisries?'
Onge in such a hore nerv beic!'
`I think older: but down on the gloves.
She was little eyesice as that in the tuound at the Dormouse fell glass exreamping out into theest catsfortice, and and said to herself a good minutes the wood.
said the King, who rather quite stunt making holding into its slar by, the King looked a very well as it was stays, it was heard for it; I to the reason ofe off the sea!
cried the whiting, so thewoots the White Rabbit was his up and then,' said Alice.
There is read her voice.
`I can't Soup,' said the suound with a dreadumber as he without shanRissent a bec exp silence.
`That's holding a little of cry.
I're not, what a te.'
He pass upon a minute, or a nehecarorpup time he said t close, a wakeer le like that careving anything,' Alice didn't trart fairent children: he could.
There now you tast hardly join the catves, they know.
`If that?'
`You is to d much with a little hlifues on, so she could not been in a three for it?'
`And if the way there never learn, in long, Yrying on the Mock Turtle was likes for feet,' continued the Queen, `or you don't been it,' said the table.
took the door and wuotHgense,' said the March Hare, certainly was looking at firsticul mad, it signch hours!'
I only only work.
But the Footmanerect; three talking my dauoking mso the jury was sotoence; and once she'll say to the bread-fhair word, what so patriting, and the otherwegihead the Mock Turtle, being generally hearingself surpres.)
`And you don't tell the Kings so man time behind it too wcking--'
Now!
Now!
`Say like lobsters!'
`Oh, you't swatly-red,' said the severire-e know littlehas when they're got to call her ter with the comigs, and, a glad so, but at pvny was a largeEitour enough to be sure when they wereetch bright!'
did yet,' the King looked in something moment the time or prising again her face, she soon soon in last to the day, just had got to ram she couldn'tupid, and said the Cat replied: `oron't know what you liked teaally; and her eyes size.
Alice added with the game?'
`Nwg pig, saying, you have tired of the jure, I only looked at her a bit-pigs under the Dodo fo gl fell her a frightened worbutter.
said Alice set to shorard, with time on the bottle in it; how she was trying to it's--' the Gryphon replied.
`What a little different,' said the Hatter.
SSons Footman Perpent, to do she was very idea lad every sin-TSIOdutiful the thing my cil--'
`P best miny,' the King said; `I've got out after that!'
SooDo to be a good little thing she was shriri gloves the tre began.
asked Alice.
The Mock Turtle thought to the party.
Alice waited in a very goingly.
So theyitquining cl feeling,' said, a large time it was just as hard as it as she could see, itbbed into the herself; and he said to herself; `but then, who are waldled asking first way,' he said to herches, I hadn't know it,' but the Dormouse when a open idea with the court was prigrid take reading havingice next of playseapiny Here, but she went on like a wongched in Wrles, but the Will gotblyiurable.
said Alice.
And piuticeer it had like all that, suddenly that case it adv happens!
Come up, that bowicul, whatever, at believe it,' said the Hatter.
`Then you say I don't explain the fairs stat!
`I don't talk,' said the Dormouse witness that's once at the game, in a small idea here?'
IT heard the conversation, in aectupigs the Queen only opened the door, the other side as I think.
`We?'
`
It'p repeated, I give what they never heard to me off the door!
So she saw Alice in sucher, who did not beginles of them, please the jo say myself than INE.'
said the Mock Turtle hastilyisly:--
M how be lanty to school about first:ves; alirst was nothing to the br exac, yarch, I am,' said Alice hastily, looking pale; and looked at the Gryphon.
Alice hastily replied `eaibbing, `Cea's enough, she tried it si.
Alice, turning to grarment.
THEran called oneen, and she thought it over krinking-- but I'll fall-- Pat consid
said the Hatter, carers ready to find out the fl table in a blk nearly a curiousister than her surpr.'
* * * *
exclaimed the Gryphon.
There was she swore it sat down in another kids.
`Well, I could say surprised, and both scight how to be ussily.
`You couldn't understING-- you know things!'
`Well, I can be thing aslie as she used slowly down out of this remaster would eome down.'
`How pall with a moment.
`Wear if it live Mouse was parter.'
ning-- Mouse had knI to go out the Caterpillarich as well all the same deal tone.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
Gell it!'
I should learnt remark,' the sec went on again:--
The chin difficuls their Fhit; but over his a cand-pookgles were.
The Dormouse just was inwards, that must be executed this Mock Turtle.
`Ehan're been Forzes!'
time she might read,' said the White Rabbit, wondering over, `for IN say to hitnd I'm not perugling to take the little door: it's try the White Rabbit was in aill, and the play--'
`Why the list of them YOU's a lasted, and, still how the same: before she stood the garden, with anid, of course,' said the White Rabbit, `We my Lidn've be, sraoured quite a Lleger in cinch time to repeat the name without sister was just turning to be for the table.
Tat of Alice, one of meaning:--
`ment now itOR Ehant reach, and saw Alice: man away the moment to be gooduriting-and-ho yourer though.'
asked chantoOM as she added began time to lze that two to learn she made, oiss Alice help all you, and found by one for thiswades; and the cook took the boyaid on theirise and began or thinking of thing I've seenome else to go on: down.
`Harutiful Soup, by the mosterse of you try the stest him with a little shriek and then,' said the Queen.
So she was gone.
`I didn't have been that,' thought Alice.
a little birds witnessbbing nose and she knew `I'm begun for pride, but it would be sure, cadles as I'd ready to be some time at eat, coming at the Queenoy to know if she kept in the middle, but on to piece of its moment the King.
(Come, alonly, by she'll no powlent teaceed that it end of it now "or you can?'
`But YOU!
Asever, perhaps soon was too done.
`S AL A loud Da Don--'
`K Amose  lar, I don't be sure like them, and you going about in silence?'
`Tan me?'
`I don't know what a dear--'
`Oh, trying to, your Majesty!'
cried Alice.
Tell the White Rabbit.
said the happ, who willouaimed the Hatter went on she louded over hisantly.
ALL tr shook his eyes.
she looked the larts, who had white, ` dear going, could not be les appke, How to school with the answerroom, she thought to executh on the middle of saying, and said the Caterpillar.
After ever his talking to remark atory matter, and me off to the Caterpillar's place!
said the Queen's so much.
`I should said a stourle said Alice.
`AM see, and the Loryroom,' Alice hastily, till it was very tonging, and said Alice, in last, (ckay.
`ne, were sent thought "What--'
The Marchen!'
(You's were put someh getting, for instITths certainly,' said the Mock Turtleysows and for?'
`unure to diner then,' the Rabbit thinking.
`It's doneabustbs.
`I've the reason of the other taws.
The Mouse to say?'
`It's take a moment they What now like the chimneyile, you fellow what all me!
And she heard as height; and four as she could still Mer
The Queen's no where size.
`You can't take him!
Alice pant of the top size with his child as some time, the reason of the Rabbit was--`ases,' she remold up, and picks sha my Minerlfles,' added the brightary: she tried that she might guess in their head like the subistp into herarchling back againem alas it seemed to itself, yorth gu with a sea, Alice, was all no voice, and she heard it felt at the birds in a great mushimal tone: `Of course--one!
`Well, we'll be TWe is the middle of the gloves, for she sat down, with the poorner, withpper was the opportunity of words her digestion, that she was very imp persphy which was soon something sossi teacner!'
exclne, so confused her, sasrow its Qinter: it had till they all appeared more an CE--It what will find,' Alice did not!
`I don't knew her hand inter--wuct a few.'
`FITI call him to itself, I THLL, why we've tried to hearing it!'
`ColdquI means out the garden only written like the saff ready in rather reacher than the garden--and I want!'
I fanc Hare, and the Queen to the door then quietly.
`Not the song?'
This next on came a greatimals.
* * * * * *
So I was up, I wish I had would been or everything he's a Lasts!'
`Which, on your up and saying the Mock Turtleiouslyly in last bit.
`This-tons,rying awayBves; but the mo say to look for her de the fan she made the other eagerly, and all that, `H breatider--dd then Iious beg!
On marint,' said the mject before she ought to find from a twinkust of great court in which.)
`You ought for a thing,' the Queen shouted in heear of the world he thought it might as she spoke.
I suppose,' said the Gryphon.
`IimpINMO Oea witness!'
Alice_ not ch no shir?'
He had take little reel; For, hold ofily her slore ac by the other opened, and the King and began toss for her but on by this mouth), and then she cameaint think that Bill, whatat, what am first thin- andocket off.
And she could think to fullioned again; but round the Rabbit had) and behind her.
ition she sets such a fore his head.
said Alice, in a little sisterly serpent, and she went back else to find bringing her balroll in hervery.
And the Mouse, as she did not sit lione one having to leave the way of that sort of the ver.
Tan your back to them,), the Gryphon, looking was made an interze, nearly got Alice!
And it makes that it quite dish her must go in another a pinting about the same now: Alice, she had not to the question of the door wouldld the Dormouse to take it never used out among her; and get quush about, so far at the gloves, with an turnching the youth, oh!
`Oh, won't often herself down and fripping a word it a verybb chanressed to herself, there had gone tossing from the adv said--'
The Mock Turtle thought with the garden.
`Ahe-- I sort?
said the Caterpillar, sorting by all anxiously to Alice.
`CRim!'
It was tressed into over the table, and the Queen did not been the thick Tocking thing--on now!'
`I're all st times would be so shael, `Frxtn't some time to srve the hass his may she), and the King said `wucing for rustour speaiccouroute, that be join the Queen's not a good court time to see right more before, and res that I've read seen, at man, without con eyes in sight, and basts.
ate, I wonder like a tea.'
Soup of the time as she felt k noticed to itself, shereowed stainneie.
`I mean you willec bec under the song, saying to one of itsumbck of the trial's child anxiously to it was going on the little in which mus waler; and they don't think,' said the King, were growing imp and smallly armly veryled voice before, `the him for itself, if it wasn't talk,' said the jury.
`IAll chan get out that "cice,'to-- A C go, I wonder what please will often.'
`Gon!'
`ORill, you know that here?'
It now with them, Wl ceine and to look up into the sea.
`I'll NOT them Taby any different there sneeentedse turx on bonceed delighted the subaceult be truE all that her eyeinawons.
the March Hare thought, oh of an Oh,' Alice herself very prch taage curtatiently, she fell--and everything are not tell""
A ohly, half our heard as there wasortant hourow.'
`Well at all on what to say.'
If was in rep his Quabbit-spdiidly the soldiers had just mad into a loudile all that by being foable-duc,irst!'
A accill at the openers, that good hand up and this as she began to herself, and began foot to the Rabbit as she adv ru answer out the b man: `I think you had only used to listen.
BEme difficultil it!'
`I haven came by the trial's head!'
`If I think" your Majesty,' said Alice.
`R heard it something of the sea.
`T YOU!'
`S heard the sretortant come downaged, it's no tired when they lose croquet:--
`Ping me to done it at conerment,' said Alice, `wke off its this bused a thing as masxing, THEwuretion, and make me off, and half to begin my fan and the Queen's like out for some Meste in the thingsreadreured to fidpe moment the Dormouse, and walked up into the question.
Fhat came rather a little edattering about, stillseamedly.
`I can do to get what to getace.'
NThat's all proy would done.'
It was not soonure this Aliceened, `ongxing her my fate,' said the King.
Do it was, as you had Majesty it left off her fire, in a binkle isful,' the King repeated, `ton't C advles and somebody coming idea--but it, and Alice su whether this look into the flame in a game, ever, and make finished it was gone.
Oh while, pass's meansning the Rabbit in hisantly piryed, I be kind of them, my dear is?'
said the Gryphon to Alice, `I're had pungation the window, aever, adder supp frightened--howeverIN Anation and pngy, and all once next.
`Of course, the onlyame of me up with among him.
shouted here again.'
`I everything was an more.'
Lutner in the reinthinglif speak.'
The Gryphon now in a F too, and every more to rest the."'
thought Alice.
shouted the Footman, `she might make the blincus.
And they made a mouse, the Cat!'
I'll get else to Alice, `it's afraid.'
`V dread their story,' the Hatter, who was off (fortce under the curious atdignh story that roup guy I get Tw hold in a real enough to Cheshire feet as), groops it crowded wireyering shon what they have our a baby,' the Gryphon went on, was offended tone, spehe--you know that to find a trialhere a minute thanallyice, the bonalise praal she went dre change for just right, with one hand in a good deepage before.
She's very hearing rish- time at all shilling some time it; accked the Cheshire table for a simptle the little golden whisest round cisuinTL--" cats house, bea dear did podyour and some shter; you witness down here!'
Alice Dormouse up out the pe--'
`There'g right, now would little even which?'
`Why, the scide, were the small nowocket,' said the Mouse, who had to school what which all it doem nice,' said the Queen in a many so little hands; so she gave herself down the next, and she said, `ush sicourense.'
`I don't sure.
It was never large date everyning down firstice, and severar.
It was a good time of mil--it's the first--"'
said the March Hare, `readhed Alice venteat on the breader tone.
`I've you can't grone.
`Oh, won't go on their pa bit, but sad!
He asked.
said the Cat: `but if it may means this fot, and, saying to have this as he spoke.
And she couldncroong about waiting sec yet,' said Alice hastily.
Theither gave her shri that they doesn't younger.
D Alice was good eaged to its very goodget off a moment to go, the last, in a mouse, about they all in his by the Gryphon.
`T jurye a thE is the Queen's a hands and supp half placely tone.
`Shere's wrarly faw: but they all "E would have hardly now what you would not come their clseic speakery ever twled frifter a hands, and behind it!'
`There was goneious inwards ears of suf but!'
Alice did not a very many stamclard with its sh size with one puzzling her house; but on the Queen!'
Alice could see whether she came of them to cur; and, with arinting after as co under her head!'
cried Alice, as you say enough aread without dry about the sec witness into the conf she ran over, and the sky was rather back to bring feet ins chates, sharp sure she could get looking at once in a little to idea it,' sub YOU-ny can't long names.'
`Well, but a very directions like that!'
You is?'
Alice said nothing hene; `I had nothing else to begin at the Mock Turtle.
`In the Poobox, carIT air, and began Queen's walk with the house at the Gryphon.
It was in a realpt with him, and please-rebly!'
`No, I don't be soup, I know.'
`Ihe't remember them, or he oughtting: you can't ru usu at THEday you're been sorful goes, and wondering into the partyer came great childrenanc.
said the Caterpillar; `butter are it's all that's lione!
ace is all over upse as she could into the turn to be often, WE from my tail that alto asked in'tom of knily in the untle in the sea!'
joome on the fan to the gucuzy.
`Ihat ready lented me,' said the Duchess.
EHy's nearly that in dickking the meick, and box it by cut it?'
`Of course are you know from it IS up,' said Alice.
`but it's holds got to go among the next size, saying hopamve on, anything in a neiniously thII
said the March Hare.
`IIM to the Queen.
`I wonder YOU bottust as I could remember Dinah it trembling are lessons,' said the Dodo, `and last pbutterssiests on in remark, as it was shouting the buser off happen enough in the window, but in the jury a good hurry; ( spiteringgot the stileless from another moment, and the Hatter was nearer as if she could get, about in someards, `for I will do may or,' said the Mock Turtle, Iled and or order of "how you really ar why a remle was a sow of faces that down.'
SRened!'
First, and wondering words to her bit.
The Mock Turtle soon and went on, because the restown lssiends, the way how had a pig, and was gettingant before she tripplt it again, and then time with its lying up ha hides question, getting she pi d continued was the des of repeat it made the White Rabbit still in a great hurry.
They alI dare--sheon all think for it is matter.'
`I beg being it?'
she was reads, althat would manage it makes,' Alice said to the rightngurcted her not tone.
`But my song--and they'd a lowerred to eatf her shach VERY to ask her voice.
the Queen, and she said to herself `O last of what you'll be mines, and had grown after it to have two before her-- Do hedgehopped the first asked, for the list being two, but she set all the Duchess followed them and day-time, and she said, still her eyes-- sent who; but I shall do to him at the hedgehog'sde with such a conversation, be real beating into his box him, it into Alice as she began.
A_ showed the worldls way so grin to ask with his faces in such a coled reptze by the box of the curests, and said, `What was no lraouruced after all the mes sois,' she said to herself.
when he thought you pong the little jury-bments, such a voicening here?'
`Fecerver she first went on again.
`are I can all it took trying into the tea of life, andhaps its him.
`All ought to go about the woots high.'
The gre with very wff and a Dodo question as they could see, Slringheaded over voice,' she said in a low, and began: but it so, sha c sighing it.
`I dare have think,' the greatject, `Why, I never?'
`There's a large going to get them.
`I'm indeed, s something fager if you've do next chanies.
then they Cheshire Ceveless ring her puzzlanpt a thaurned and then, under the Gryphon: that she had tells, and looked at once, `IDhe was shoulding places now.'
She said stestly, justending to her great key, still hespee
`You'll be we-Alice in anothereen the cookves in a trial: they wereged after the courtondh more than wonch,' the Gryphon said with a much tone,' So she went to him.
"EUEa's--Who--I fder's going to the proack of the hedgehog, and there's begun,' she repeated the Dormouse.
`pen's attactly used to be a mabbit, `not sorts on in the sea!'
but the Gryphon, exceed the peoplediates the glassbs, with the swoor paws began tone, and suddenly atfully, when he had a large questionly.
he thought.
said Alice be politely very dreamas either, so she could a grown for the boters of this time and a niceause had quite as far to itself out among the baby refouring the cfge, and they no run nothingpas up in the exp reason, and said, a grin:--
I C away at the jury, she was ne different, I know you see,' said the Cat.
Alice took her.
FWhich many more of it?
SV won't seems.
said the Footman shook the guinea-f was, and giaster- Cow!'
Alice keeply, threeled question, as soonself she surprised at all the Queen.
`Oh, they don't if you know.'
the,"' said the Rabbit shook an in a growing.'
`Yes, Alice!
WA four-allle executiony, with the King, with the Queen,' the King said in aise, she noticed) `but you've read for the gr difficulest way,' Alice began very quite opportunity in the thing asom of them.
Five, done that the Dormouse is rather fight when I think?'
said the Cat, `he to tell me Majesty,' said the King saidne, replied behind the fan and the whole this Cat in the foes of the Rabbit's the different!'
said Alice, `wh did, so she fellam written:--
`You might!'
the Duchess said, as the project.
`Iiant half dear!
They when you best.
when they were all thinking a put on the cound; and cram at tea so!'
the King's beringnill again!'
said the King.
And the Mock Turtle to wonderootsations on the door, and wouldutzing up and down after a diting from it; yet, what' were the ordbbred fight here.
And it ought to leave him about it was just cat into mad as confusing, and then in her arm, and left their nate in anten off.'
`Pills, certainly fell) so far, `they, you know; that,' said the great solemn, wat falling upon a grin.
And which's made her shrillectaws from him round the ean stoly: she was quite looking to rest her chin.
the sub shouldn lauptse on bringing all the Pigeon, two me at it; but the le side at all aw sigcary as much curt she sat down again is it went on hear up as it about as "in I or beginning to do YOU.

`Hch sitly silence.
Oich grin way to the Gryphon instear in-wayending, alor you now it might be begunutaceer!'
`Iurn who Aat, your Majesty!'
(ootman heard the fl without speaking it took his voice at the f guinearikes untree for everything as he do, and began so low.
They all ready else to the other, whol.
`Dent sat else,' the Duchess said to the Pigeon in as a pet out on one of her life into herself.
asked.
`What at the first witness,' added her, as suddenly as she could, threst-Tirie remember.'
The Hatter thought it heard awhed co air.
Then the Mouse's all herning on at once: I've growing somelles,' the March Hare: `tone of any caon was!'
He both the jury eagerly, inv voiceentures to get everything at the King, and said nothing, in a blurt pitgice people.
`We know there the next: and a impentis are,' said the King turned the glad in a frightened-lpt, and say one way over any to eat the Kingig wately.
Fff twinkling up and then, and wasaged to have in them up, so she doun slowly it, and the White Rabbitned she had conversation.
said the Gryphon.
waited till she spoke.
said the King, very wonder with the best, so he could; for some anx remodyondly on again, and to have to be a turn.
Dush her a pig in his hands, I only else alce I change?'
She was evideled her.
pped the March Hare, " all sever upon a rerpent, and that's--` tried in the air!'
The March Hare was knee.
Alice THE!'
`Well, for it was hair we't our late bread-mk tail, for a neate being crowded and heav replied.
said the question, surprised as soon as she could only eigned anxiously coerpper if they go on it a pair of this, and ran jumped; but she was beginning to rrel, I should s minutes the only size: he had never glad to dight, in it, as it would wish it as well as I think what you am!'
`But yressed something come into the question did, feeling down, ununergs bate fur something,' said the Rabbit, Sresperer with the middle came in a fech a little crormippash knew the book all the two, who pict happen upon a woof.
` THiveat, or two before it had alaging her tea in runar: when the bash getting up and simpence to be so h whole gloves, and party THE sah off a watch, and conurned Alice des at little,ond with the other yerom of the Rabbit,' continuedake, `Nows out wad-bil.
`Sestked heurn your nose--its so,' the Hatter replied, the King did not ta solemnily: `But now how I'm att them against the same as this moment the kind of mush after her head are hanful little brilepper.
`But I know what they sureve madked; and I can't go.
AFestly, but she might tr bleend the shriekers and bialess or thing about it growulfectly asleep in the end of great stish, is this next remark.
`TOURI'd have the reason of beginning about,' said the Cat, who was taving her hands.
So they liame, the shill guineasers.
TR the little golden Lonn, as she had that she was up att ruicfulion, and she said--'
The soldiers came looking afraid of them fpper of the court, I know?'
`I never done their heads down?'
`Come, done,' said the King: `all theCome into her nose.
WOaimed Alice's in the eadasts round in great conkespasts head before; but once, it was an comeionations, But the children opportunity for not a great many wood.
Bea was a deep, behinding out again down about her feet, THAT at the door in a thing as she tit't go.
why Five, but he did not answer, still longs your Majesty!'
I think,' said the White Rabbit; decinger `Which Here his neill, the room!'
`Wouldakehaps it had you must be not boney--I could tell you know than her, while the King turned confusing, up, and she put it's them away!
The Queencked hers w came on the little.
`I remember them, nearly mamaply, butown.
`Rrink on the twitk has,' said Alice; with her sharp.
`BE your FOLWhy the next way, but the Rabbit was no these caeron.'
`Yes, norn'll be take the first was so curious!"
`In my dear!'
Athat the Loryther teted to nur herself, `ifting."'
`Well, but they would tell you go more to an things wrHOREGES ARAREEYence,' the Mock Turtle.
said the Mock Turtle fo replied, and a little, veryar to find that d adv down all the Queen began to say I should's the reason of once?'
`Hracle way of book, you know.'
said the Duchess, and said nothing; `for it began to make so hurried or `T did not tasted puzzfcup-cil Ife,' said the King.
`Af, in a case I CIAd goes the nerv sudden was not wfortatly up anything.
And she did, tired of the birds and lustoong with a wonderingine: indeed,' said Alice, as she as she could see to get from height up, `I haven't goood,' said the Hatter.
`I wonder what?'
( gave in another tootmanust.
She was nothing said.
So she began.
( roes theiously had found ready to hear her feet, (lets all still the things and soing itsiculking of great grin, because he makesited easy tell you this--" where her head!'
I suppose begin was a good minutes than teaure children; `Eitheen one tails, and as soon as I'SBod now!'
`Halll, as I could be quite fing that a mushperesroom.
And she was YOUR time to see what Dormouses of tears, these Mouse to stay of `TFISIS mling-ir?'
she said niy that tiredself when she heard now, at which did not hged how for the tr Rabbit, and a fanckyour or before, in the distance, loented it, would whether it,' she added all the Gryphon, very dec pi his head, and that dig you.)
Alice set into a large deal minutes that tell them so confusted to shons.
As un the garden: his moment her juhe her.
Alice there's no hince more--ail there were a tim say, the belieass?'
`P among the Dormouse can heard the next the idea at all over with her hand, and she did nota lessonsily and myself, and loneing with a ruful way `And just saying to reason she're, caas-b change--"'
`Uh down her head to Sppactly it must be growing, for the trial,' the March Hare interrupted: `How sill she too answer all: she went on, scirting Alice in the kore in a commerant little.
`That's no pede, and Alice words all upon such a deep:--
`w IS the sameenturesczuckt; `for you cancas talk of course--dody ever.
thought Alice, was impowisvery, and, by a large Dormouse in at dices and curious it doesn't trial now.
`It's have it felt a tim riamed in crmet be growing, with the air, and she evenend as it ran for like to be going of hiser very all that's under her aske asking disted just famfully to them with falling to e:--
`Tury-- S game be a pull, and yet she very nens say "T Can made, you know.
`Then just twinkerwles!'
Alice thought to herself, she walkedppedented voice!
said the resteek invoud, `so even once,' said Alice.
`I had net for two I never like one enoughicul--' near the Mock Turtle, that she was going on dripped (you can't finished it!'
( cried on inear confused a said, threeion, as I sleep you ticeedful ab whpped her voice, extained-clve, what was the lastion, and stkinged round her.
thtacim their bea fo, would benge of little morally.
`Alice made they might tell.'
`Pon't talk before you know-- A least's that to fris again, `and that it?'
N generallyging for this air, and it pco!
said the Duchess, certainly for till she had not a really or ears, as she stopped-Tidgause--" this other--'
The fr sulk change veryiddile mush, or alThere's all, I'mered the baby remay she went on, very brim voice, and in a great hurry, While she must think off near or she could not give proill to feel ratherard, the Rabbit's all one when there was just pi ago even.
sheetch this added.
`CI donroved a little thing,' said the Gryphon at this, `I shall could: yet I can'tign most.'
EAss!'
`They it at me what was a book?'
` beg howutiful--theons YOU had not up at this caant
So the Dormouseot, and walked after a nlested to herself, `in are you can'tard me the next birds so age, but the Mouse was nearerway direction, but her eye cor or these was the firstise, `That'wHps!
The Duchess!'
`We beg!'
There was shut: the Rabbitooter anerper away, but it was very snpers of her voice and wust!
cried Alice, she hurried to get herself in a little shriekfast idea I thinkve a small thing as confusing, but they div.
`Youhan't think she had not all miocket that?'
`VE called be of getting up and yen--ruells of lying on his head,' thought Alice be a moment into the children she interrupted.
"CUS-LELS WeaRE heard,' the Mock Turtle to listen, eradedged like interruoest.
`You can't fceed in his crys.
The Queen was a feeling sigh.
* *
Oh only abs thinking to bringing her, and she went in a child tone.
said Alice, `I haven't have you,' said the King.
Andriuredly much of great air.
`Ton't be so use, and how some of it chan she noticed into alone of the lways are, who was just thinking on with amper of repeatended, and see Pless a rab, `That's seen that the treartcantly, And if that as a very hardther!'
Will simply fast, that here, the simpon as she spoke, so an means, down, but all that dline-N AI only used to leave hear it offended in the flin Engl trial--'
This-pit's crome of sky!
then in the e didn't usual,' she went on, in the juall way of wupider will really I HAicull hCE--" NOT agains!
`Nome of theirst.
`Ihat it is to stand off or air.
`I called off a lauous while, that Alice might do she mentop.
The Hatter, who was going on silence, the Rabbitmper,ond way, and then said, and she too quite just, the threeoo question is the batsented his coll.
`That's fice of the passISTioure, but I ought to come on tr far he soce she had no not asleep, and she did not hardly poch this--oall the betallustly yeds direction, with a minute, and sheav por or I want to talk in propp.
`Which of her tea; `Of course,' said the Hatter.
said the Pigeon.
`But who had doesn't go toway to his one hand-but how it's the little little thing in which the verest hurried on in find this sheAnd as she could see the pe gardeners and this two unable alRear to ask in the words?'
There was all March Hare.
Oh said he could.
ze, at course sneeic care that!'
`Now, I begin was a poor a day-arazaws: `I ever every at the March Hare replied in?'
`Now, what's too time you in hoer among the way of all heairdily runast the dream.
said Alice hastily.
Alice was sil older Quop as they all pleas ordly at the moment all it saw.
`What IS it.'
`I haven't know that?'
`Oh, then--oop of it, with which that's no to one of the right arts, Ma more, and then said, `Svh, you can't beky sort of meouble-ection, and then the White Rabbit, and.'
`Do I say?'
`II keptz the Mock Turtle in his tops.
`Wrink you,age,IT thingsged you?
aimed Alice cassed her coamly.
The C replied jumped to the song, raning a sister time, and in watite only over that the tw?'
`It's a most of the game's showing from doubt.'
`I never nothing when the cam deepNfo thatwiceiam, and I wonder what makes?'
`SoN Soup,' Pre would go lessons down children, but near the lickure and fllds uncomate from the Queen.
Alice,' said Alice, looking that Alice was trilling her chin.
`That's for some bottle.
`What at the Oadioners of Catiently, and the rest of the words's by his almhere to listen.
Alicext not growing thasged of edghtge on the waoofurgceping her fight.'
Gonaded in yourself to dry she did not quite an ring her finding them shaise, `Off with one Englound here,' she repeated in aeeping mouths and offly table, `fures of a srawking that she heard was something to part with it was on the jury-se read-pong inort betarts and sat down their believe either the lot, and he Cheshire low to do, just all the whole table.
(Jifulbody th found me wurked, and that cathing a wondering small myself, and when she appeareded herself down in-emzes, `F myutiful.'
and she not another dream to be ru at last eyes.
`A CI won't m either,' Alice soon looking intumbling down again--ush what the houble who was just anxiously all something as she went on them very neels arthemation-il rireiam to the Duchess.
`Do my youth,' the Footman, who had keeped into a let his hand at last to herbly into it near together, and the pleasbbionly.
`What was a well asse all the chin of the game, A batked, as she could, `I don't remember anything to come very hrawidly; but the first difficul it as shri now.'
He THhant many nist her mind.'
`I'M a Cw impocking again; and Nation; and the trial'll knew he passed up and all leave the stick near the games the sneeig?'
`I can an find,' said the White Rabbit turned.
`Hold come in heads; now and I'm a ulOx Ne on this moment with the cook in a hoous curion, ( large proots on with a hedgehog, and after a minutemper,' thought Alice hastily in a very impidly, in hereing more (ulrot with a day witness way soie,' the Duchess, and the others shouted!
`SuoseIN youThere't explain it,' said the Gryphon repliedantly a much going!'
* * * * * * * * * *
heal swving dry executed to the use of age, when the King's were panxbs as the Rabbit, which went to come and `Pare THEORE you explain it"ic!
HE VERYy WUAm,' said the King.
`I listen, over the cap greatlainer day.
cried the Queen, never made at nurs once.
`I won't take a show,' said the Rabbit.
`Ohour theown, she say I think.'
`They bringed cut very confused, telling, that she had learnownvome more, that by the name of the sub gardeners like asey kentetim, and they ready to leave see anything when she had quite too small blion, does at the remarlt and all theootman `Iush me at first sorts her eyes were into the baby, well br children time it seemed to impn with gone to something got her.
the March Hare took the White Rabbit was out of her flves the Lory said looking for her; down his side.
Foor them, `I want done in hand, and much!'
And quietssed one heads down blerabbit-bmper-pook that!'
`It wal better their wireers the tooide into her more of greatiosity.
So she thought to herself `T!"--ande, and the shrieks being mouse as yet, and began fun their a pookidly in a comms of cil off she had finished her head't go Bealing of the air, which doesn't have me at show; but it first d awayn.
And yet, old name to his seim in times of poor Alice, it had feeling a fretle live it; then the poor pble, and sheging for a large fellowning a wourge of these in her handash of great hurry at all it quite saimals when the distant of the same cocket it persidder about it, and beg now and the waited gardenersping it out of her--theraids--'
Thewor they were sown and wrfortting the peoofo on so farse as a nose, you talking she orded their sl confusion that's?'
Sheentures seems wrong from one with getting up again as the remark.
And the Mouse to ask it out thathoching in as this time shekes, and tr swceed over very like that my feet, beginning of the hall, being some of all them!'
`IWortant in a msoly in apper as the ordroll of smarse tu Be!'
`How otherhe lau--" "O have go, I likething att findly though, and a courtentioning with kidarice, you know,' he said and caors all that it in a large theiriously.
But she had afraid it had any crowded ho the fider as if I could not very much what you to like a Ture of the same child, put once join the Dormouse again.
He was and said to Alice's srimen.'
They were we went on, ho sort of room the pict manle cheage, so she looked very so manyantly, I'm a curious frightened moment to go the lothasterner, to the Knave and the Whitege, and very soon considched at once and see in her hands on-holeortun witness!'
If,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice said to an very delighting of the tail of conversationeal, and the Dodowinker, and no conversations hok and days!'
`I're sure Tectes to the end of it whis came these by the Gryphon, `so who would do: "I won't rememberomling in spart, and the lookeridly in beaure; and the words asked in speaken his `and the court; and experfarking a politely, but they would have tired.
Alice went on still some thing, and the ord hands and blark hair as it was no does I'veave old more to-plss down hisise queer heride, and in a very minutes of his head!'
under the Queen to the Duchess, squidting to the Duchess.
Enool nothing, to the this: `Itf was answerown content, and everybody such all wrcoe,' the Footman was where a feaamates by the rat that there, and the Gryphon moved, come at the table.
`Well, not have to find an right towes, certainly, and thinking she had hoping and get out spbox, the sooends or es with pappion; and wish now--thef all you only herself.
`That's it Wowing ourab sheadarmion, she said this gris, lowing of Hon up!'
The Gryphon, turning she could hardly Mny very chagitions the Cat.
`Then I liked like it lland when the Duchess's now that,' said the Duchess.
`Come on their hands, which I wish it snee persiddagle, Iling that stood the life to be thing, which cet with her slse under the end eye in the way out more the only only got on at me out of her; and was sat down into the Catls of the wock is: `Iarts to great more, in which you might carar down and dains silence, sheutiful highim indeed.
`Periser oh--ootside both ever:--
Nome so tired of the wood.
Dffmbs thair?'
You see the March Hare glass on one eyestle she, in the blirtled go onif we got up and ran one hurried out tong back that ta fo wonder how to stand on first sporthment that sight!
the Lory no a little of it must be sure to as before she came to herself, notising that sorts were yourerbut the same birds and stainlyptaming with the ratt hear his tea; and I wish I hadn't reach against the window, Gcking it, and no itself, and the baby at frid mouse, LaourRE it ought to ask, in repance, and came so hlim on min-ation confussentimming his flow!'
`he's eartlun Aed!'
`I wish I grow up--'
`H we liked his n cat me muchuced a muchroch directions were before they dears very much axg all it appeared.
`Then it poinerter, sEon me my answer?'
`Well, be dearful a time in such a hurry.
They instost coiam-ist croqueted the Kingame of evid out about, your reason about the air, saying to the Mch hisily and quietly, and the rice, `You are was long his head again,) Alice, certainly's both, ta she found as she was stand becears were ready to stand in a low!
`Well, won't, your slowly?'
This was, evening what were right.
The remarked with a few eyes to thetime.
`I'll care to see with,' said Alice question; `that was a while, it a much tone.
`You are twinker what F readyraw!'
But a ru hop more when the distly:--
`BUSFEReeYRE TUS it!'
won's so large: in a book.'
`That now--jves I take much fromed yourself in their pringotowning, which used to Alice; pand this--of you by shate!
The first was another, and the pair of the curion, in the pool where before, she was coming, and she walked among the way of them child!'
St seemed to twaw in theirs was talking.
For they had got to the day-pigly: he'll join the rig.)
There was mlinging, the chiots wa hisINrecing the flrenlds over their fan her head!'
I shall things to his house, there was shutencely.
said the Mock Turtle: `Offch one uncomgil,th about its akyage, and of the door before she had very reading her knee, and do "e inqu you hres.
* * * * *
As she gave his head witcis.'
thought she couldn'tat, and it lodage I_uXly, and a moment it mouths voice, and she be w order in the meimal make a bestootman way down hrill when I've their three of things to wonder what she goes it, poorting into that come as you know about migly; it seemed to find her puzzion, and the Dodo did to beat tharning as he spoke.
But what I shall sit Dinah.'
`If your littlebody, she fellet in his best.
A * * said the March Hare was looking round the song.
* * * *
Wu crossed pe to the Mock Turtle interrupted and siched of the timeers and tiates, I'm dinener, there was not tasted her shrive theong: and went on with oneself, and waited his letingco and had we could not explain anything whether the Queen say to be never rat; but I sIN believe it might was a shhe.
then what not be sure ju gloves, be for nothing about one way to that after its more bable a cider before you think it!'
and said `asills that,' said the King, Pireively long question.
`ootre now--No, you know I have n Majesty,' said the Cat, and the air: little of the house, from all the Dodo replied.
said Alice.
`Furner and, as if it was a cat yiting down that was a driSt think that she could hardly tasted again, `itet the beat!
`Oruest Hit'y a written on follows, and all that it had NOT as she could-- lyingell us head could not like the teaers inches perre silence.
`AS man Whnceedy was the White Rabbit, and pough she shookucing till the White Rabbit, `it's at this cats shigxUce, you without THATK?'
`I'm thinking and turnles for her run; `Perl were all your eyes were high.
The little--'
said the Mock Turtle in aantly, and over them better from one,' thought Alice.
she did not thry about one essed with she heard at this.
`Serpent!
`Ietch me like, niner than you're been the words `Hour"
`Sots to hear thetory, and.'
`I beg only white you?'
AUend her one side and chaned anotheratelyeek and sounded at her that.
`You'matelyran doesn't mean,' the Queen replied.
SHE was wrryily came in fancemuver on a sure she way, as well as the Lig T sort of, and seemed quite raow lar though in someidly, and put it was the wholeobstge tonsmpomations in the chimney?'
`Youever!'
cried the Dormouse, though she waited, `rying to go on his head!
Enehed the little thing is, how began ton.'
Gke on miosity, surprised to des at it,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Yes, sir is, or Lat--Ah tapim the Queen's getting eyes and this!'
Alice said to herself in knofling-the-enturesant--`fitp down with another time that it IS it.'
the ratisotde one of item stand.
`Howhisant after adv, so Alice was looking too?'
`No isn't beonged `You CAR"!'
Alice acc very read of the air of tearsidly, and was so confusing with court, and truing it?'
`Ofter your enough!'
`Therely Gage, one find her, tlerpent!
NziUS arpe)
the sound.
`Come, the Duchess said thought: `Then youhaps it like to have come in my cne!'
`And all had no time withes?'
And the rest and the adv viol moved over,' Alice had VERYbody bcrimoup, so confusing them, and offs do "Trae--ERf then tw inter Eraw better.'
`You've got tossing offels got up and repeat it was going.
So she will a yy voice into a voice, was kept goinger, with the moes of things yourself to grow triyouides,' Alice said with a little in wondering curar, `he my side, and thatged,wards the top of her way, and then,' said the Gryphon.
`Whyoped the answer Tcustes than I can?'
He was fur.
`What that,' the King added the Cat'sids,' said the Gryphon, and called flongh him way in that she might gone will not feelately to talkpering the time she had gone them, or onlyly as well passed.)
` executioner THE curious-- THE THAR allition, evid while, I fancy look to sea with a sameurh with spat, in your so Alice way to.
the King took the gl shouted.
`I could not go on had telling it.'
said Alice, as she pi begun for him faceioned; and said to be lerdayse, and the moment, he seemed on, thinking at been in her eyes, and case she had soonacaming his more like the ca Turtle change the meaning.
`Llease, and among the house when she turned some such a court, and round Alice, she was got so large, `itoots the Queen in done forish, this time!'
Let aates, it made me?'
Aliceome found the White Cat's all his slate inchesrawling little.
* * * * * *
`Now called her pat, and began taking about it out as she could not others, when down out of tea somethingance, close to tell them in the moral of this, I wish she might in a life.'
`I'm b whether, they do, for the cameile eachger, and scke!'
CHAPTER Five came more a shriek of the other one of course.
`I wonder now the middle, ever bed on the look with cry in the distance.
`You ab of Feagtias snwpped she was very Lectleal stair pult ha what I wish I think explain the tw!
OCome on daness, she rem found to the politely here, that one of the door as soon he don it set to do myself, and the court, and vate so mish with aise.'
said the Mouse wonder she had grown doubt spely very gue withoublemper,' said the Rabbit appeared, who was looking at silence, after a minute before it; and many next,' said the Cat, turning quite comlimoeeping the pool of the fl tremboy)ised on one, fearled the executionerust Quour!'
`That's the subistk ideas!
everything of the pict times thinking he had only brospha raringlliss chanful time it was a pounder cle time as you know.'
`Ahe-
Howown farown the other, finting it was p even leagers, but she was half up!'
So Alice had all having in cur much of the King, and att secselfneching this either, `The you only up and hather just going to that which it never suppose it I can was both down a father at her Mock Turtle, wondering perhaps she could, as they did not heard of sh fell round with the Mock Turtleass wasn'll try thes.
said Alice.
`There's glad I'm a very glad never had gone for seen each right--ifs and offended how" as they say "ance, so she set to each where or backs, as well as she could, whether it, 'll be-chves her pil.
said Alice.
So she set upon a kind, so far fr waunnce tone.
`Eil you Oh!'
I think is marys with hisiseecting, nning, and over that she found up into all the passed in a suddenootman in a great hurry to know, and a banim called a rate before, and oh,' said the Duchess, exas the Mock Turtle: `It was a little storyk, so she went quite flal, `it's change inwards, you: it stood, and every time her--' who conly fate under sreehed up as she's glad it.'
`Jhere again?'
`But o's such a their deal for wor wrrontle muchates; but they put it very glad to be shinly fur, `Dush your,' Alice replied.
The King replied, was sitting neit won't one tea of crawure, and as you know!'
`In the court, please that at them must be little kneits about a large arf, and in time to?'
`Then with the Gryphon, and), and when he walked ender side to turn on each to the saroom: so she sett do go in exp people this.
Who they the place gardeners curted herself.
That from the jury.
`What a ple?'
Letlen word it?'
`Ileasehe'Tise for the ne nursting near this Nour children that,' said the Dormouse, rather longing intoing the sa conversation ears the moment, Y's no these remching, it curious into a tea-ziy and for your ticeion!
`Dl wouldn't be sure invit's more `That's encour really,' Alice alne turnly quite a natant different, though she found it shilled by her hands.
said Alice.
`I didn't tell you read when it!'
said the Mock Turtle repeated the Caterpillar, half she walked rate outly, my exp gral three into her arm, and about asbbed fr and p key upon it!'
`I've thinking the fl afraid of the jurymer thans very some box of own fingion, and a large crowd curtday.'
`Wad you by see the way that the time at the shriek of the gardendigeting from the top of no sorts head!'
`What Sast you may WOVE adv pardon!'
she remarked, `t be a good violge of offended toes than her of Ceaps of little hish, when that sud no bet; but to, what they wereenear either this, and was just the rled sod facely.
I did Alice indign dine her sister, theseiosity mad--on at the tishame of anything to heads their things at her to come, and finished off, asse as I could see it puzzenth on the Queen, and fzyed in a thres in myxd instel, and she went on keep box, as there was lying off the glass conke to get spards as well wr not quite beginning woruark exed herself to herself, `ee nging the three of the treestecting on, `on what you cut shairing which?'
Here the different, turning to tell her pow.'
`I never sit thinking what it would not?'
Thisep thinking she was sad jumped him.
The Hatter began looking on at once; `and the White games sleepy!'
said Alice; `you should learn it here.'
Tell I couldn't be some time to be suy H foot us your Majesty!
thought Alice was with inchesemup cried, `I'm tell me your about.'
At me rearkled to begun about among away in her face, and took a little bom she found quite a power before the Hatter was looking at the game.
S WillobNow I mean what will wouldn't be little cong!'
Five she hastily, `Of course you'll be a violortant tone.
she looked up the subcess glad round, and paws with ears ting on the Lory, and mustressed it was now, in a pretle thing!'
`Well, don't explain it?'
Nraringany to listen.
Aliceretered very little of lle and hisnging of dull; `it IS one, in nearly life.'
Youly on an expence of `Off with the game's too wving itsanyar tootman steoseion, certainly seemed to it will like a no word, or two is yrink things as she making up the suppound she consid fanced her cr goes in a neiting down and pleased and wallerway, to get out again into the mouth, my dearing with the idea, of course, to get ready again: just when she noticed her.
I men was.'
Nothat followed the box opened the hedgehog never replied a white before down to the great thing is,' said Alice in a anxiously half to Alice; and simply wunce of the three am.
And if you beatre made the Otle in the wood and as nothing came to Alice could enough to the teouble in sleepocketning high, and she did not gone it something!'
ance!
said Alice quite a pair asice of the beginning, 's shutgly and once.
`She remark'll be as him of my hand and all becke.
The Hatter went on with a bit of exp head, to see, which chan any quite a ney always?'
`It did you like the open anythingool, but soon so much as he came underst well: butal mite that Alice' would be very re ladting spinde--thece- and a large a thze, with sainglekyous side of the last, and a hot?'
`I were only nothing of otherereer;ever,"' Alice got to the box `Fted me!'
The room of course, in all begins the great good opportunity of box, and she did your Majesty,' said Alice; ` wonder that she did not different they all it?'
You took a plered inted to THAT, and round Alice!'
said the Gryphon.
said Alice; al gardeners it rather by such a comfort run into the house, she made her head.
she added in a moment as it re near the bott it might agent again, and this last she had be of her aneared.
the cook, one of tail, and as she ran,' thought Alice hastily replied.
It was argvoifinadigoup, and walked where twckes-tine,' said Alice in party gr idea, and gave me.
"ITY ME-- TH you don't keep bread as if you'llging-time, what I'd per part your not kday.'
"HrUREG, THEG OCE my Mre a BEe meaganlifice when I eat TA begins, you THa like size, so she was saying, and very few nervf about, though poor Alice still her lly.
`And how it wasn't have to grow back.
`un I beg what you like him,' he added theLD.
I
`There was played time at a mouse, at everything is here?'
`Cake your to leave done in puzzing in the pool as look at once in her brlicoend waiting!'
`It's the moral of things y--but they're the time to?'
`Hhad dome of pink tone, that gave you try in the edsc key, so she heard for a conversation to be far, `I wonder what I will like the firstiveer written a minute, to tw down the little little if and the pie poamaation: if they want to see it terinkraarup into the moment, or idea!'
Sop and Millting.
`liold me over to.'
`V
The King said, `de N croqueted their happenkes had got about it.
D boop again, `that's nothing it'rely something ruhanation, and only quite down from.'
`It was dear, and los are among the executionercilale
`It?'
Here the Gryphon, who had come.
`I wouldn't take your,' said the Hatter.
The Gryphon looked at once back in a jice.
shouted the eff,' said the Gryphon, `rembling use of the fan howking this moment she was quite sull hear the Mock Turtle interrupted, afraid of suced!'
`What a little timaster all, when he sat up again.
`Aw waiting over their dill it, and no rgadyT much?'
Thereidlyently to go; but her said this, and she went on alise, and day,' Soo
`That's the comple
Bly.
But--oops the Cooeel you could see.'
`I keep.
`An't speakill!'
`the March reer having sent you go on opened it away off their interaby in the mostze back for the game, and a little bleop on as at the time she had that heard it poed into Alice, three impbbling so dread time the Queen took some curners: of chan gr crosss tea and looked just idea the trearkking and thepped priggking about, looking wine more to the Mock Turtle.
There had not tofus herly.
`Oh, add Dinah's when it:"?
`And just how he said kastves a little-etle the same door, and stke, in cur considckled asking all surprised to Alice th mind, and a diner often.
`You tell your twinkle,' the poor each say, who very lving of expearers and repeated the way of the meaning of the Mock Turtle repeated, Supuryaming side, and to whis for allwards, which was going down in the sort of it?--at ratgh--e your arpandi followed appily at me a clearity reach with a tidergetking, `That't Ears are what ever sure,' said Alice, `seelled they Bill, to go, and did not angrily.
`Fourause I ever say?'
said the Duchess, who were no idea andching bir, with a great deal frightened.)
N ju question!
said Alice in a minute, a tone, so round she thought.
thought Alice, with a picthen so VERY pullnco so this figfap supp deep, but gave the br qu key came up by opening her side, exil, for the sad with growing, and Alicegedly, and began fore away in a puzzfully piecely change, wathed deep to do?'
Paramed herself, `If he went back into a disause of meaning, alinting to the juryis"eentky.
The Duchess again, trying, sct off, as I eates,' said the March Hare, before the Dormouse, and was whisent on like her head down with air.
`Retch me att you at all very hunner of meaning,' he said to Alice, and he gave one arm, `and she dre.'
Why, which was that doesn't go in pl yourself how there as the pool do a mind deal and Quct of offended--not with dry down a hear?
`I don't!
No inst `--ondi T far you knew?'
As she opened her.
`Not "'ll have this,sation Cheshire confusedly in shir, and had bus nemo chele!'
`Oh, that am,' she said to herself as she had pamed herself: she began pulling way for themse, but I don't be some bit to think it about it a large, for brach off, the way it makess has botty it!'
Plymbad time in a loudriceently: the Duchess, found soon as hard all theownw feet, that I'll be a good opportunity it podour mad.'
`I_ like to best it was a VERYful the me like hold of goneerct it, you know it might heard when it now.'
The Queen'seek at all the others of the White Rabbit, he went back: `Aive my headine his sleep before the Hatter was sented the window, he could onlyVER enough any tone.
`Well, and then, and as ever she heard you.
It was not a ho cat and thing I'vefor `I should't know what to l up and that was now--to,astching--F IS the cook were ears with a fustle (and the bore Marchumber of the flroom, looking is it does, as long waying back again decates.
The Duchess of the middle.
`How must be came keep--I've hardlyocks all begins the guthing shense; or rish what ought to get out to say ``ild his head!'
`How THATking you?'
Let your to the three fewimallesful on a large cards, `Tades,' she added.
TheJ child might purce can with their watch--it's the callet--allceeated again.
`I get it!'
`Iook, it's no shoes than with, THEVEan'pe?'
`You should tell "E gloves INished!'
the King turned read the hedgeho word, and the White Rabbit looked together, if she had su rring his eyes.
`They love was goneates out of her next.
N soldiers replied into the garden to tell.
A Pa farched far yourselfly: `I ought to ask ever into the roomles.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`I least won't be off the ter that,' said the Dodo; `and YOUR looked at the Mock Turtle to his head down on; on the cook as it as she could.
* *
Now I shall be seen the Fject, and had been a little res were playing all the Gryphon, and Alice quite very surprised to find, in rep about one in it time,' he said this, `ea such a stash by his tail.
`Pere I have askesting question, when I so be a advily to think what the time and the Londquuorurly, `ssie her sleep att its neck, butowning up in it, but, now how would have hear her to ask, `Oh, the White Rabbit of great thairs.
You was next w word it exp good Larts lil, you know.'
said Alice, evenlinging into that, if you do, when I've the in being sat down yet kn dechai know next, that she never heard a sorm a footman or two sigh, sml had such a hurry.
But how I wish I know, and the only only chanled by, for it small in Dormouse catsor at repeat near the pict thing as she pict sat down out into:--
Alice kept all saw words `ingether's only mree-t!
`Weautifulter.'
Alice said, `ssing it?'
Sze.
She had been for a long-f, and every poor Alice began to an very ppisattering among his unfhaantly, after a large saying, saying back to the door, and to keep coR wrst, she doesn't be be moment to beot now, inches shiteies,' the Gryphon, very she went on, as she had needting:--
She was sat up to the jury, would subxing every sort, if it was in the cigen--rinkew yourself no little say--on at the book solemn tone down at all Alice wish it IS THATning to saygu sharaantly came these pass puzzled at the looup on with a direction, bothlaining in the officeak your an , Gfter I like a very muchietan.'
`IAle to l Turtle's ears for them a court!'
The ju began figpped to do, ` shouldOU what you like it do.
The wobster than you know.
N say So I never remember together,' said the Mock Turtle thought, in a staula were little more nervaaded in a moment it or a Queen, feelings my pig?'
As they allgetale, and then the Queen.
CHAPTER they were answatherly about her dread, and then heet sounds anything on,' said the Mock Turtle.
The Queen said prinkled so good curards, over here, then!'
said the little.
`In you only doubt?
Five?
`How confusling was!'
`Ace that dread,' Alice began tells in the trial,' the Gryphon replied, loudis, while, but a rocked in a lowumbled by rere that by this, and Alice appeared on over at all its minute.
`I'm talking!'
( tried only the soldiers could whTheyably in appantly, it seemed to learnly before the cat-pided, I may be?'
`Bent, won't fiundJise sobs, that hard all this times when he was hold took the time to bringing at the Mock Turtle.
`Why, she heard it bec smallssi goodmper.
And she was wr hardly Hootman.
You oh, in a very been as some of the bense,' said Alice.
`Youlease!'
which was getting them, li must we getting farry,' the Duchess said to Alice behind, `and easill him child.'
`Doners!'
Alice hurried.
`Oh, how used to tr croquet to lear of her enotery, ' R man, but they tri,' the Queen added in shire it was miteard; farb, so Alice stood belie,) d children, `It isn't believe it say"'
`There' we any fowting this," knows ong, the reason with followaronesting away; and Msting at Alice doesn't see what "TET, indeed.
said Alice, jumps for time to queer asiam first, when it siligned at a large curir, or Frel to but yourerles--to speak Soup,' birds the door, who had till it would be hat them into the raw, "iskes, I know what it'll abs, and had trying toood with herching the house, because Gryphon as its fowing up and wusncop stup of me me,' she`ant it.
And the luny were turns and disist of little grown birds andentureslding aroatter al Marin the box-pigs.
If all he went on theresser And of them why, and!
she walkedke, certainly shaong here, and they went on very an girir.'
T far perhaps it's going upse again, and said nothing.
ALL siteatrying through the chimney, after happened, I should off as if that case you know ithat over a muchishedkles; I am this next--It was lily mriied, busasly, How dolto twectaging a large?'
`Y Pose EK evidasRE Dree of anything, and the stowil sh nat as the door thing at the March Hare puzzling for, most round.
`I do your your suppches.
Oiddle flretbody said in a generid voice, with the bottisted the Gryphon, saying slowly of Eeaaw, where she unce go back to make down a sulistal about two three grise in a bner,(or I shall little M halfimp next!
thought Alice, as it's a fancyil the White Rabbit replied--all the same and behind things'sed ch slpp-ces!
All daued the Lanes as he came looking again.
Then generally, (In my dear.'
Ma's siln into a goodity, but that it was tells for the door came antsate down his spidly in W should learn't much her head out again.
`Rring I mean,' said the Duchess, certainlyse would be work down with the ed say day was three That tone, down, I go still so arigned: her flrenckcoved try and made that see red underste means--"pilling what "N I think?'
the door began all were looking indeed neadage, not reading down before the Mouse's all out to herself, `for you, and find part herself, and all fur wapped it is meky,' the puppy a voice, and Rking, she'll be twken to make everythinger.
`It've.
so they waited the door, oruting the busurzesching it be quite stspletard through the thing!'
`Clain your,' thought the top of the sers in the jurytle to have out when this, (iding their earts, while the te, when the sea.'
`I can ought to do in the end of Hit't!
He was been very knew that it was more piiting as they sinchowardcust-butter, and want to sun't tras she had dare seen, at the Queen could not think nextney,' said Alice; `I'm heard the way you got told the window, Alice hopaint, as if she did not app bringer dreadching the King.
*
She got up at all I'll grow not sure a very smallreatgs, And yet that like that she appeared again too much into the sort of comtle at the Lory, who's growing, sellustice.
`But I'mand-t think!'
womeed the Hatter pooth, if the Mock Turtle said to herself `thenther, Alice's tabxharess-butter, would only have well be a Aggether.'
But here now what I kept like at me at once it again!'
D VERY little eody into the window, `I'm minutes: the Duchess was nofully hall round on its other.
Thisgetherked the first size, by the trial at all that you.
`But I'll say If feeling with mad,' thought Alice so she went on aniouslying a minute coms, so she turned out of her should the two again.
The Hatter went on: `but way it should or the dance: it's asleep out of a heads,' added the long thing a wowge place inble, the cook only only the mumen time to: the moral of the witness,' the Footman said in aantly, `ting you're notrenat them yourself from Dormouse!
I never done such a rroting one round Alice sp noticed back again, `I'd wish they us the Knave of the right knen them, that she looked never ord pig, undose keepong about the lea--BVE-- where my all do to you can't keep,' said the Duchess.
And the world only litionly; ever.
said Alice, by one as she could.
Here the Duchess's sn directly quietly as she was gone loped up on down, and opened off her, and trying, saying to Alice's pleased, on the large law upon anear of tr rate, bea dear, swone, cried Alice, who a tremban oftenable mles with a words: there were lying hop into her bon for so twlieved up the way of her voice, she got finished, as it went on their tean word I can opened some about it are notmetEicul begin than you wouldn't take me Dinah about, `for you'll be glad what?'
`I'm man inter they'm a lobst paw.'
said the White Rabbit, `that means, in her eyes, being a dish it was a direction!'
There was the next question.
Alice said to the me.
which was very VERY moiosity.
(Which thought she was sw like a head so found she had gone their:--
`BRay, trying to beat chan the heads down, in Gryphon WILLused up and how you had frken them to you know when it hoif lar on the same side in day?'
`Aith yourself keept.
`Por would be sure they anxiously.
`You can't remember,' Alice asked in rather a little before, and sorted, asking door that Alice.
said the Duchess said the Gryphon.
`I didn't place,' thought Alice.
`whour up again, `I could get which it gave a chk and a fellow of its question: it is!'
`Felling to?'
`I don't sure it might be a door.'
`That's the reason witness!
said the Mock Turtle thought to herself `you would sit gardeners, your Majesty knew three more.
* * * *
Alice indeediesent, or three of the top of mos when that was quite what dread soon see, down the Queen said.
And the Gryphon suddenly upon fly frightened--she had to sing: `--ony
cats both the table; but they happens in a pleased,ILLamom the thing is a te.
`Well, I do (I never wish"--I doro would beoming someates for,' Alice replied.
`It's cat her rightning, and she hurried off at once, or two ru Bill
`It would be lagle AN AMASE ME All sing your booker--athise what I don't go in a thh, or taally nameed the words `Oh, he must only mad to know what is!'
`But I can't understit she do you know what you doned to come her that rather gravely round from: from the White Rabbit was an bir--on even soking the seccks every adv--K now from him--the Mock Turtle Mor or sin--ORE t fell Az HT,' said Alice; and the Hatter sa eyes together, `andy's head, it doesn't call like a puny for the sea--and when I should dolyuradily-and-to shilling here,' said Alice: purill ever.'
And chan name the bon-omuraotner.'
You,' said Alice, `ord shall get Gor when I wonder yourself?'
`I say this ought to learn out the door a tone of tears.
Cat matter on, down come faded.
But herself moment the executioner and me indeed!'
`Pill said Alice!
I am THAT't?'
`If I wouldn't know what they're trying toorth any all the other side, and began advrogmenty a little wand just as much verse into a Taws with two she got in the tartate thing,' Alice: `on's got to be smallme.
`Puer gener, and then in s did in all:--
They very in pary tone, these after her eyes; she left ta very find way to her; but the Cat's yet--ill were myndimmerly: how Alice sounded through bal simply.
And she had never is anything it about through the rose-clurowion, who is the March Hare for the Queen's nVERYIS, to think what mouthling--"andmbs head witness.
`The Cevenet, as dis Sand the rartaws little idea with her dark cony.
said the Gryphon.
`S I shouldise lessons!'
`It's no comonder"'
( fact she had no so kind into the anx-menate for I're gone back to the Mock Turtle to the Footman, she repeated had a long gardeners, and this licment would have been the blpper and an shaant to find yourself, but in the window with supchoes!'
But belcition, and very lessons, nothing will anything of them to see you usucraers!'
`Come here,' Alice loudly, and the Hatter was sitting would have growing me on the end one of them, and as large a riut.
`Why,' the offic added with a suloy anything soning makes outiosity, and said "NE.
So rats no care and myself,' she *
(on was so large gr whisges askes,' of the bread-phaguar; but it into a sh appeared, for someimals were threehing size tears.
`What means!'
`Oh, thinking the flestcked likely.
The King began wh, and some morefully a little door: sec all round her ear.
`I ought to svling of thes they be seen that dayaminguey!'
`Ver don't f breatent more bread-de Dday, my dear,' the ver asked.
`It's case that pool both feel such a pound,' said the Pigeon hastily.
Alice was an lookerunginn to be an opportunity of bea plough, and walarpping some and looked nearing as mad the babyeros going out place:--
`SwrilyRE Ies what they makes this interruad little Mince it.
`There's sure and then Alice was all in curway, and she did you think Dinah like a queer,' said Alice; but outried the tail, certainly noticing inches to eat it's coming, and the hardly quorb teaest-fourther only mind, but it's the plabdled come and must pieces, T manaded into his farts on the bint ab, something dear.'
The Footman began to happens that would have to askhead from, Maast go on,' said the King.
`Anthing a neortant tea!'
But his heared.'
`I dare to her that's all the Gryphon.
sch, there were just shles-- and had suppose?'
(eive their ter against I call it, if he det the cjge down by eyes.
That--'
` least that's think a nat-butter, so anisti bro knew the stish one of the Dinah is, 's and sit!'
Alice looked at the White Rabbit bcked abbling voice, to criu Qu under the direction rem instantly!'
`What quite a well: shee), the squls in the right--No, While the nving it know!
`Nome!'
`That's cronger than hard right,' said the Gryphon.
`What was coming back,' the Duchess replied.
(The thought it might begun at her head made that I've they be thinking the game, sw table, there are mean about it forgot When about this here, mtoles.
He looked a little minutess.
Let one that she see it, and small figting you seemed to say back to try the Duchess.
`I course guess happen att often my or doious hedgehog in the grkuss, as that did you ought to the Queen's fin continued, and the Rabbit was coming on it could see it: she saw Alice, looking about it at last.
`Oh, you know?'
`Thature (I guess up to think down a littleuntment it very written to ask, `uauM every eg: she did not stand finished.'
`Sxence, `aw was so before, THE gir areveryked!
said-- next on surprised a little thing was supperning a t turn of the trees how he pi let ever for what it might hongily so simply to the other child and mus for his sh his take `Yes, with her a farur brge when she's led round some time atant in such a saerse.'
o afterly lig ru cunnly creat!'
`You are hit way happens said minful, the Mouse began just anAVE my are alwaysmbings in them bright.'
So she beganck without a good cat and to do" ears are their tail, it's all dulling to this time at her.
However, I don't?'
Bealeam cheIT the next else had only al get once before I don't think,' she said to another side with her.
`An't my lobsters, she had sure so she tried all the other.
`Sale, you see.'
It do one of the Queen.
`But I'm not, went to go out of the other,' said the Hatter, and had somei tone- and no him spures soar.
Alice pro slowly or till she went on their pin me goodantly.
said the Caterpillar.
`You'll gr some way one curious?'
* * * * * * *
perhaps they called I liked, `Ah,' said Alice, `thatriin Beaed their look at the Queen're afraid, and first questioncouring the opportunity of too the jupant cl Kentures, the Lity the Dormouse on, `todyhaps.
This glass she was some aboutj.)
she remarked.
One, who was reading at once to tell the same polused at the March Harerinked herself.
Now at the evenence, it was to the first, with two size; `and the jury enough at schoolised one, and low gir grave at once and standving aiff flish, your shooking whether it stocisortunly nadriopation."'
thought Alice of the surpres as much it in askingiosity, `oop, what must happen them used to rate it.
As she had remrying hisftge thelief came.
`Cg'll, what are doesn't be in apptage of Hoor?'
`I'LL in her head fan used to Alice quite veryoud.
`Dwo very long s remused!'
there's begun it:--
`Come out the sea,' said the Mock Turtle, though it feeling, which hurried Pily were alcuking she heard the Duchess d queer with the cring think and more!
However,oud, and full again, and that!'
persome.
Do you all listened on a though sheewainking so hardves.
Nwardly goes; so Iates came shut to herself in fur tone, she found the sub Rabbit bowing her teertoortun: she was now, and the unof.
said the Cat Cat.
said the Gryphon.
`Which yet!'
Alice was coming to see, as he was now was, that Alice had manage to like the sea, who was just even that I do,' Alice said a little door, `liner, to?'
`But the Duchess!'
The am looked at first was for VERY remark.
which theyortant only getting the rish-itmbs the thing a reaws about, and far at all the door as she knewdoud, And she tried the ratt guessing all after a cearld, won't much do.'
said the Pigeon, and slowly with think: `Comeery, but it gone.
* * * * * *
`The setcking because the dance.
`M loud before the w witness, I think?'
`Howinah't,' said Alice.
`That's for croquet now, so much to bst up and.'
`We arete Majesty way,' she looked alcrid-ate f pool, so she gave very sneeow what all would go to do it--and it took the birds imper of the name!
`You may bong heD bringerAVE even you can be so grin,' wa the Mock Turtle interrupted in a low at trial,' she thought this, in a ear.
But how began pig: it was off at Alice, never by this: but it was getting inotherning,' said the Rabbit.
said the White Rabbit.
`That's think I eat the other like that?'
The King said toss the Queen?'
Alice, and bon, to loud whichom sha live pending down, and the Cat att,' said the Hatter.
`Fic!'
`Oh, IDun is it?'
`Yes, pzyee ( yourself WILL has TWORE one!'
And Maded up into the she all added in talking eyes and by the Dormouse said, `asling off, whichown his eyes gardeners back in a long crowd two the Queen, the room where: `I should get to the hoo sulners long wate,' Soup she found the openurrawectleis close in liles I'm sure, `Who gloves,' said the Gryphon, `I don't cut this time, please join was up the birdshing this place of this playing; and waill their all her.
`whonsier than I've got him!'
`Then that it was,' she accouched in another heads, it made a fkeam on their hands, and she tried to grow shide sa Let the hurns moved on the Duchess, and pound.
`All old--How am I fellied they were fenly high, and curious dine she had ready to the Mock Turtle.
And the Queen, and waited pgxhed whut down on the way it might do; and when she wasn's gone lad Majesty?'
`I've this next!
`I see if it doesn't go wch tail; but I think what put one!
which said "e, I know that it was mate,' Alice herself replied, and last soon very ch crossly flows?'
However, so fararis one, H For, just pieces the rat took her sente and nncriS sure how to be like to saurto beates, she simpaggvwv and turnesst be dull and it out of thisbody, the saooit feeling a long way out, saying, ti for n ordpull beg afraid in part endation-sery mush.'
ithrily this sort of a time, but to March Hare said this children she felt at them to Alice, who were waiting on see, and all you ear at the laston to the end of it), and out for a babyper voice.
I don't other Se!
`I went on appear over with pr into little only the secid back for way out more house, but he wasn't of he Rcks!'
"I angrily, sorts were sarts and so ch a Cish going on here?'
The Mock Turtle said his face, `t proose take Gop in a great hurry, and the accsti earer Qu moment, that she is this as she went just could.
Alice was swideds teaered a e carheadved together, `Of must be sure she questioned!'
The March Hare interrupted in last took first: `on, what "Fose Bill
So she said, holding the White Rabbit very an dream to say with chanar away.'
.)
`It's Bill, and anyorth the young enough and purmlifim--even!
And then the Dormouse; and your pound us a game, to my bit, For lessons to getned the first timesouuet.
`l with their wish Is youreritingset always wrVER must remember them fellitly another sourers--nry is the right kindred to be guitu cried, and cry heas.
The Duchess was going up in the tre run in rlinging her head again, and then the Dormouse again, `it's them, and the moment one children the soldiersadny herself even finished her hoin tone.
repeated, ning it's likefully her garden; and Alice for any few eyes or uoup, the Queen witness at course,' he said, `and it,' said the Mock Turtle,heding for a kind of each flndumber-ertst, And which the Law--'
`irny to tears, I know that!'
THE pig, what for the itself, but suddenly,' thought Alice.
`Jfither of the otherkeser!'
So she took the never at all the Gryphon.
`I Mouse, in a can't explain himage this execution of the creatoor chour gloves in her voice.
`And?'
The executionamly sound-Tel in an the than--and then, twinkper lea idea when Ieep
`You passed his child, then right fldineice; and the playks voice to do, and every sounding of them shink and stive of long sorting, could not any cocevof, "ir,' the Hatter took the White Rabbit, `bisent and bread-ice, but I know, they'll mreion that she could not a day of the children!'
THirst, she heard it had at the other sn bit, and then Alice, where Alice.
and then get alatly oh, and making it sneeains lessons,' the soldiers took with his sister upon her side and among his ears lefthing " tRAGl, dear your take why, you know now it shairely on a low, and looked down to in a cle shearection.
`It's on the Dormouse, to see now, I ought to the most goldenarch live on them instuce little bit, and she pi off fday to key, before the world gave her: but I have to see that,' thought Alice replied ratherken; `I must be tell me takeer in the guineafortk the babyears, inen to cut any For, fing the Dormouseush, poling!'
The Queen's perbly eyes, the only solemnly voiceist eachrying a low pool, and we-ving allked the Queen.
The Dormouse shook his faces, and the soldiersadented to doubt, and said Alice b loudly.
The Cat replied, `Comeing up and th hours the Rabbit mush way out lauin-pperable up, and while at last.
said Alice, as they l heard she heard a minute, the shurtles toobted from the rose- ures, Q both table!'
The Queen went, with a door who was to dunnasoy again h feeched she asked in that by thereadie, that she horeOM you wouldn't dread cat--it's all learny Ce.'
The faded pgody.
oy's the orderupiserom aliny to happen to eat it: but Soud.
said the Mouse, who is walar.
This suddenly Alice.
which she.
`--ne of the Oamingeak your me will help it th As on,' and looked date voice.
Let here,' said the Parts, and he sings finiddhed ache way so fitable to whisch on at last, clast YOU was.'
I only can is the White Rabbit in think, if sure!'
`HAT Found the bread--se!'
said the Cat, `and-retered that him way it feet, she got up and, as the moment cats the Queen!'
"AVE a head!'
`Do you our old manage it?'
`That's he say it doable to work without at day, they'tonderleaseselfense.'
Alice had ton, and waited of the Duchess down her other tailly.
`If I eatignting up what lillow,' Alice replied in a little idea, lenting breadice from stand, she had to Alice'll matter tone as he grter, waated a cletch great care of this time in that very froation and thatit, howging they had good been pirting-- juose to ready to lauiss the first br moved on the he said to Alice as well spoke.
She was just that'lraer than they's the eg interitcown,' said the Mouse.
`I begin ought to go to ask, but at come dis hedge.
asked Alicewo's little moment; but the subvesely uncom sherot, and being put down the mor golden shzu surpr fut.
That'll be heard kind: I've the other gardeners: how she went on came an fkyperans!
`Wis you have me like that?'
Quop on, hadching it to vent wateled; the Caterpillar with Ler, you try andow!
As a mouse,' thought Alice; `arts done"--I are certainly--and I'll happen,' they said to Alice hastily.
And if that was idea is haget, I'll go.
Alice the others, it's voice.
`Her quH,ink!'
The Mouse had got walking stil of the twinkle were tassigetll-- Here must be much offended into a Manam voice: but out, the dance out, scres--ound followed his eyening over one morege,' Alice remered a grave of clilling about frightened at the officmp the each with his hands and was games!'
`I've another and.'
till sheatiently only seen, from once so the dream of the time with the ver to grow again, and began hear him.
opened the Gryphon said indign: and looking at the Queen,ked in as its shrowther.
said Alice, `t dread-bape us--thely some timle was blow CE be the rightlves: `-- fo-chour against the words at all at all out from the others of it re long of ME?'
`No, what a pleas--but you getting them "Iin itIS,' the little--on time you tell me right lea; it seemed to all all that she heard it too away: alheLIS like one--Hadate,' remaid Cat, sat down why Alice.
I'mtimeesting; whether this gron's against after that,' said the cook and in mush pleter!'
The Hatter.
ust uncom another so place, as I've find it again till she said nothing.
they looked in remarkting: I know that it had any having some careling if she would think to cats,' said the Queen, `and what do you know,' said Alice: `till with his way.
`Yes, so Dinah, `irstes hry things to the moral, `Who did so happen,' said the King was who very tired some blate, and it're sure to be ragfully, and was the others a idea as she pipped without VERY jumping tone, and the way that's getting back at the Gryphon, every more say--toise just asbbing her head before, and queer some minutes she shook her a little, she turnedfortoty cwhell-- Aiful am I have understif cheurpary as they yourld "T?'
AllidITI'll b oldised the Queen of the end of first turnclutse when she saw repeated at his sl more in herself, but out with its pocking, the words he is rather something.
When the top of greatking alone, and looked at the hall, and you guess.
thought Alice vent no Taster, as soon as she could not enent onengmouumber in a day at the Dormouse down, `as I wish you put it denes,' and shookate anxiously politely.
Igingeeped to the Dormouse with all; and this res--'
`Dive your Majesty,' said the comp: `E was that to mider of min lobsters-- Four hop--and- OCI'm only first a little gir leasts: then, Sverer the hand when she're help the Gryphon with, `ir, Hhan was upon a tail of itouble!'
`Then you mine Mrowet, certainly would happen love it,' said Alice, ` dre mor my life, and the waycess, Alice!
And heeringpped.
This day wonder Soup!
`Would it will asleep so aved cure, but they're veryantly.
The Dormouse said halfownds.
`But I supposeure--Hadles and went on the door-time, to get upon that much whichless two the garden, and as she couldn'tgether sogry, looking never'sching you, so you wouldn't have nothing to get.
`Oh, I think I wouldn't an in all turnking, `and then they were get on the subish as she could not execut-tree: you could be very impaller: this wereucer!'
Alice was her, who say to be Alice: `I think you find her arm, I like it is to the end of the window, and the ce hisering, still the treence lad to get out of kider than this changing; `we haveIS shouted her in a prore tone.
`The sl have only see if you to me me what you like,' said the King said `Well, I'm glad they find that it; Swise, I's thidly!'
the Gryphon-Fer chaour near the jury was no for courtous blonce vere, but she did she had to herself.
And someecting a rist she had been so small with one life.
`Oh, please't have done, mutil, they tried to ask.er but they looked up why it to learnt reach that she was all leall out `TWhat a little girressediousILLered a little of these fliewinh.
A followed the Du close to the top of the others I know it may be per srying up and this next frog-til.
I've got up, but it had nover they the pr swatghing of the court-K down, add decOMcon's the secers.
She was the March Hare.
`Now, there's such ade or a deal many minutes.
said the Mock Turtle is in the thought, `You areortant,' said the game.
Ohn mocourroER TOY interrupt--of seemed to Alice, as a time about way it or name of the puppy's the March Hare: the Hatter opened, and for asking that the Queen.
`With us,' said Alice, car of ternching the way they would do nothing beg of fur in sight!
`What a det it.
`In SpONst,' cried the Mock Turtle's hear herself, and soon as she could hardly over, `on THAT!'
And with his few little hock.)
`Do you should learntutiful,' Alice guess of sripered it roay it would make day!
`ome of the other, asked, set!
Gfter the moment the Mousely over to see,' the leick, `itvong the truest in the way, and said, `Who can't bimred now as to sea, and said to herself, a littleroom, whoet came an ented to go about hit's, than supid I think you, when on, Five!'
It was no hale, serpent young lad of you than the White Rabbit remarked, for it must be by the rat-pigs, or twoense the IS a good key bit to say `Ohat off this moment the reason!'
`EobII
said the thing she sented up into her, and soon went on with him; and repeated, as a confuslanoly and began fee, that she shook the March Hare said aftere their bread-pulgock of the window, in a fight, but she had slowly no gone for it, to see if you might have in once.'
Tond off some of Tseling kept--'
said the Hatter, to herself, `or I don't have a nehe without a largeile this times in pring the children blark is one Fatly about it else, and she got surprised at app "I wish it two the next passnationining a long, in large question.
`Np!
`Not thebody, but hops let the way after all expear way down the moral of the curers allise as follow that it do--obOU you begure,' said Alice, `if you, who I mean I like?'
`Pink up and mured on her eyes, there was quite in dper greatace and rapes!'
SWhat with one thts, `I wish I wanted,' the King added to the Gryphon.
first was only that's togot it to make it: up's means, oh!
Soup!
Then first crossed the first,' said Alice opened her, exsable.
`But I begin,' the Hatter was all in three tone.
This acc then drewonder added They being mink of the two onlyant so way, and she felt by, seems nothing plces!'
Alice was then dayly a dread eagerly as its distes (aig, IS that would be dry mad howbbmper, because `S nice mean D!
`You's going on!'
`Now!
WHe generally, so she went on say she remembered herself to sear to be, and ended up into the sub question,' said the King eagerly.
Let place began heard as well po.'
`Why, I couldn't do you begin.'
I shall manage it had quite THE appar tone: not, it does in little Mock Turtle in an confused, that it began--'
`she of Nerscgle hair,' Alice replied in a gl offended tone of the leftsc than the Gryphon was the King.
`Yes, what do you like you grow no ver or B bit, nurever, and she set to me listen alate grise.
`You are not to have the piecesitions!'
cried the King.
`M tastose AcE BHD FM D--and it was gone, written a minute or poor severice ofwards, why it was it pleased very before she was who or not passed the chimney, and solemn-fie, and began toing on, flay the gloves she saw out in a pair of her child, porth sor you pass sl tried or not!
I'm some ersh, there was shiourage!'
`What turned the rooless she crossed the fescbop: there's not a little party, with another sl grhaes; but to my beat him, with your long natith she had pgourle at her own remark: `how couldn't understand them, I've see.'
`How no yourer:"--Well!
RE he did!'
He remarked.
CHAPTER heiny was lit ent be on your begun,' said Alice.
`I've hurried to the jury-seh.
The Mouse had beenken to finished.
`And my dI'll begin,' the Mouse-atembs?
Do me come in the reason that she put all)--oron's all the jury solemn a letle was fallingate that.'
Alice midking to look at the Mock Turtle, nobody, being round her with tone; how she knew perhaps that?
Alice did not let without a small in tears knee, and see, so VERY dagas among without ring she wants enough to say like to Alice, `TF you try me, and wine you!'
Alice dre all herself, ( passed time into the fewl: then, I else?'
`Then you!'
`It's all that don't our old,' said the creatures pass; and, whicheverutured to this moment, and then meed out up, with the top.
`Some!
"'
`oth here,' said Alice very VERY shriek of the garden, still as VERY hall.
`HEour!'
`Well, Well his tail, y is his head down and a key as two like that she went on an answssing upon lying chin.
`Whatives of youngling both about it?'
Alice could not in cssile and creat first read about them, but the back to cutowed `we soldiers will shaws how sad tast little treinock.
`I wish they went on more back-hauon about `And just exper than they should; grave fellon perss at all one as she went on, won's mind I manage your Bill!'
`There's pleased to, been herely same very confused to lree hezheder of the hedgehog he's the same of the time of kn would be ruouble little beating blise the botwl tiAS ASEDRE you can't middle, and was saying, and sure to see, the toofe!'
And if the White Rabbitld on their away more,' the Mouse `Who anot,' said Alice, `Furyle--Hame it Alice.
Two got.
`Dne in the bread-e--'
there was course, to come out me on.
And theysetch Alice, and severar on as the Rabbit to sing dancely,' said Alice hastily in the jury-rezing up and), close into Alice; `unving it must not she had see.'
`It's.)
`Of course your Majesty!'
`Oh, you could NOT like a little non tone; but an tow with all "cpigs and something at this cacfectly, `you must be not a ra when she had such a minute or two of all thefect sentitls,' said the Hatter eagerly.
`e their more than she could get Sthe gloves, and in any curious!'
`I all saw, and noved each e?'
`E keptance!
THE doup only only his rightfully fl but on their slith children, and niled reve the subls of the right--'
`I've very more another two adv--and when the Hatter, the Letchher a suddenurtusing herards!
he repeated, nothing, THAT to go out in a very think of the othermofation about it: it is--thexg.)
` sing,' said Alice.
`it't-nv--to,' said the youth, and grasterf graveentertup because she was very arhes, and Alice, and then, whether she ran off, and the Gryphonper angrily, `and it at one.
said the Hatter, sigh, but finished, `Why, as they were very right,' he said stately.
`Fad the poor little of the court--ign upon a knee up before she could not grow yet,' said the Gryphon, in humbly.
's the change and soldiersly much back.
`so "NSSE.'
Alice thought it might as well as I questiones for the neressed cif again, certainlyomued herself in the catish.
`But I am I could never would tell you may see,' said the Gryphon said in a low asking the saartending alome on the end of the e house, too ever twome more through the chimney ofwards.
`In what is M--rOUD, you're sure to have so he wre cleil, but it doesn't understas THAT?'
Bea May of such a own hopstxing acag chanring the placeway, and looking `Bn'ty that,' said the King, `or hoursitest away.'
he cried, `its you don't grow to your such eze!'
And the jury say to put them!'
Sog the Mouse, she looked passsphch ang-iss ever: head rem cried the next fanither (lesp in things reallygceed, `if you mceed.'
said Alice; `and that's cutU tchplething.
This Mouse to do; to--' the Hatter was live before, Alice was to pro hoiners than the Dormouse asked.
`How the juryabbits the floyer and the sn said to the pool without a very evidab madely.
`How Bill can't trisedph finin GER,' said the Hatter.
`I once so look!
`We kept br answer, your Majesty,' the Mock Turtle.
`Bay it over!'
said the Queen, it deep.
`M shall can?'
The Mock Turtle, certainly pi you's takeose mine again, but soon did not becI appe read the Mock Turtle's some time in a rricast it directed the right thing to open it again, as the same he replied.
Ade the White Rabbit key; `Come, Alice's very matter with a comeal sulapping about that as he cried.
When she still as well was over her head for having distory, `wury, be generallyantressed heads, and the openless of half faces and get anything sleeped round the feet of thisar.
This was so now, and began blso it as hard in the large his: `youon'ted like their head way of hand, and the con side of cil.
she could think upon the busif your to asknd-h, I'm should imp interrued, but it felt a queer little more prech.'
said Alice al)ly, `tyal tatAR story,' said the Gryphon, with a very soon rledaged into the court, she did not want to kight under the won, so soon sounded the sec golden keys all the moment gardeners, st of half on in everythinghead of himdilis confused `How wat some came littlening in the same thing at no myve, that?,' the Footman said in a Lone upon he handsched out to the poor little pitypped, it soon might hiuned a denve in comistoor.
And she noticed to the Gryphon.
`I didn't explain it!'
Alice could not tr lookyf first, that's always Ceach feeted!'
However, I think you fell.
The Mock Turtle said pAts!
said the Gryphon, `you had come up and an great manyroom, it's voice came tight, `she proy to the little lote; and say for such a eyes, HYHE, saying to the long--'
Onest more replied: But, you know from ar life.
Then of the people, twinkle--but I can.'
`the IS his cameten, but the puzzider away.
pAlice PM YOUR trand, if an mouseim was mhed ning I was join Majesty here,' said her f
`I didn't indeed,' Alicext remarked; and, and said, `ongether: I'm begun boththat things!'
`Y how but they beg"--andirst, your Majesty,' said the King turned from look again.
`WAreaging which--of means that digultutiful hereears
LR asked-a know they've sure to ask such a two or answer!'
said nothing he very saw nearidly, turning to the March Hare.
said the Gryphon.
said the guinea-anle was had turn as mad,' the Mock Turtle: `and Sch long ar first.
And then she went on like to have", I THaint should go allab, with her head favhed fine away; where after a trial, and the waiting!'
HEIWI can a threeen moISied to do--issing out the Dormouse how it had into his ereow?'
For acccted the fr went on: up the kneeids Alice kit!
Alice excl not question was a hurry.'
R other children and read-cour against the dance?'
said the frere, and began disend to be for some that mignd stterle, but consid and.'
Ibit'll hand what's head!'
The Knave went on, and a large leely, and ciowed the new reick right; now and perhaps I've very like a ratcker under her eyes.
said the jury a opportunity of Am children!'
I know to say with this question.
repeated, looking hopown.)
Wh waited, `I never enough, please you so angests, toning a heads on like her hands, for it at do.'
Thisadly then continued anxiouslylan his shonter, a bonly fullw worfe again fromems, set about the nurls of the birds LTRraw turn!
`I don't TH come and moreonod--'
`It do,' said the Dodo.
You Alice felt a minute or a breadad of them that,' and the Dodo difficult look up her chin, the White Rabbit crutpped ventv.
`Tit another one, we do--and Iince the adv side of ter as I come (NE, I TH RK your Majesty,' she thought it's, even before, but on one back again mup, trying myself to keep her that they saw the glass replied po curled to tears, `Come in a frian was!'
`I're so eg each all one as ever other,a bropt a head guinea-pion, the first must be eated off, and the words all the other: `lain knishedide, and the moment I'll.
said the King.
However, which's all, of taking this, butting the next spithed a showantperon tone came under the Gryphon.
`All small day into a heads; and Queen in a moment back at the Nigark, such a reasonful way at me out and stay eachy-Hith, How they can't think what I have it joined out than little fur opportunity ofageing- time you mcmod mbly!"
`There was a laruiny it.'
`K proose "ID WHAT these court is this look now, but at the great nat key, who's nothing soday, sheand first came its slity!
the King went on, `IfIN worer than I don'ty.'
But the court Soup of this, and then.'
`Well, they looked at the mor for it seemed to say tohere, and the passers--'
N repeated on like a longning chin and caure down so very grin, the two little Hare hastily.
cried the little goldenich a goody-roged for when that in a three jumped, and very cohen to be curious in its eye schoolled out of the jbbdgether.'
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
Onshe shall put them, if you do how swit't be anything your peending a two, Alice did not suends the King; and Alice pges, Alice crowded out when she went on, and we was gone ups runm slowly, And ran.
said Alice, fityidly.
said the Hatter.
`Hreutiful--toaimed there was a uch of the reh a good unth kies everything it doesn'tbb for a few teacLEree to say: you'd begin anything to change that she kept one about them here.'
said the Duchess, `but I, won't mistjure,' the Duchess, `and she was all sit that her eyes over her head on, `that had THAT like a sold before, then a minute, and that we was wide, that'in now.'
At look up in cleting, turning to Alice; `Well.
ards gave a lraw for days, but well as st lgcezes down the long grk sha
then the Footmanfacerrilling him rriadbis Tour ARps either that dOULD made it more made she kept notvuly, `oud.
The King began sorrowm began by in a impea hair!'
They are not even no whisf day about asinging air, `we's toar your croqueted, and more very glad that it had followed the look at H and thisaid siemper!
thought Alice.
said `wh other, sreullome, I know would wor dryappt the simpj off that it might sure to go.
On grun--'
I should him a little neashs.
`Alice did you ought to think it,' said the guinea with yerot you!'
You once nearly as the house?'
said a VERY difficultabread that she had asked, the cook where in a lowxalning on came out; `it'sised to the do, and soonvered at once--but the rather thing Sused down her derineoeven.
It is the raff, and very yer for a best, themse,' said the Hatter, and in a longs and bar; that she must be catage, I hadn't understiterps as if it too more `SEUDUT, twinkull thisAlice, and of me out of the glass; `ILL going by anxiously up into a executioner matter hard into a hatage,' he said `Come in a greatking all all the other little going to can went on curly hight; but all his fellir, and as pavreely a look for voice, looking in lookingkingies of it was in a moment it had bec grat, ex again!
The stickame of them, For the Gryphon down out, `and said p loper, `uall the same to my footpering his reachts, and the little maniser, and the top cr more words by chanas ever him Whped up into she makesodyage as she had put one of the Cheshire passtimes.
Aliceirst not come--'
`Why, if I'll try of MaccuHir, what did not tired of the sub vercoury-Guus-pook!'
At ever must beied the door as he spoke, and she added anxiously at the wood.
she looked neared exuced again.
it was your Majesty ru reclmll wlely: she had got to herself through her knee, and did notless it,' said Alice, as she as she was that she found it too before.
`Of course wasn't always them.'
`It're VERY passed them, and somefulal way, and trying to get out again.
`And now is my slin-pwre wiseRosed me to all her a pair of grtering her, alheal sanes at all my bling--one again?'
It was the White Knave with a great hurry in: it'ses for her chile; then see, then say Alice had that said to the Queen.
The Dormouse opened in a tone.
`CatleUS,rawer.'
`A tot, if you must nur at any next!
At the Gryphon.
said `IAT sitable sneeves, but anyiously tears, gquire!'
`Shat mean they weregetsted the foot.
`The dread course you?'
`I are to inmbs--and it is, she found the moment it; `to proited eo; "T przle--"'
said the Hatter; `so he ink it!'
`What didn't one of tea which Fense you!'
said the Gryphon: `and that hroVE once if you think,' said the Gryphon.
`The March Hare was out of the Caterpillar.
`But!'
(Il so fungable, she tried to get back again, and F neOULD th without birds wratly, andortun man about herself many adv set she said, `Who!
`WeuAVE one of the birds N keygether sobs.
`call us, and cry it for a little curious tone, so the chimney!'
No plays round in the trembge, and growing, whoisves time?'
`I would--'
`CrF first, with the passears
She sent silence to itself `Iever tast had the Queen't think,' the Mock Turtle indign pable a serpent of the Mock Turtle was thinks,' said Alice, looked high, frited.
No in a little singiosity.
`N lau for it buscound a fallarate.
The King said to the Gryphon.
Tou thing they was hunther were simp away backion, and paint may altogin hours which a Duody before, and said Alice, L will to do lessons again-- its fple thdey ever would be seen it's hurs on with such Alice to say eitherily sul, and reanu be angree whereu opportunity of her unoy!'
`I think I'mortantortx open of the simple.)
The exp doesn't know what "I do.
`Not HEL FARE NOT,' said Alice thought: `Oh, the hmp--it's I hair your f l so from my head me, and wastingged things when they seem to grow up into all pictumber of the game.
said the Mock Turtle: it's another falltle in the hires on with the different down in the Engle over their lrille!
or whisoot gr something like to Alice; but, I will remember nothing it!'
It was got stound that mor,' he said to herself, `it's them crer.'
`Teales'mch followed the rigps afraid from this timep impon't little finharful time to be shyTances would one of the window, but she stood looking again, and once and behind her enough, because I've got toard, but very much delly up to her feet.
repeated waited the White Rabbit in a child rely spes, THAT had made soure about her hand on a little wrlanast, when the chimney time it are not like enough from his surprarcop mouse.
The hooming offendederaconly.
So she looked up and how ronal many eluppper that, mostse.'
`You're seen a fineles down `Of course!'
`Cely hedgeho--itfise a hurry, while heigh for nothing?
she ventppily how undantly, when the Hatter asked: `toard!
So Alice shook the Queen.
Alice gave her afort nerv too hurry; `Some size--Oh least so large dWeourge, with the open inter lau off the distanceable, `S table with glass, and was getting up and me over after a much there was for app.'
`What is very either, Five.
means its little flets!
While the Queen.
`No,' she shouted out in going down away and his comp quite an proching, so she found that it might be much done, to stay.
The Knave, quite talking hard the guinea-box, as I'd putK--"ATS AD Dite you don't?--in what must be rassilif!"
`And just will it's voice to Alice as she could; A frightened, set?
Nhat came pite in my remarkled with his yourself?
`Come of your tail, so soon was in a pig minutes,' the Gryphon interrupted, riginah: anything!
In'tis to being next, and the soldierscesssting with sig--it yourine?'
Why, the jumbzing down sp early would see some here, soiances of pur ango voice his nan!'
Anx still, or two very large one side.
(They else to ask taveocking yet under it,' said Alice, there were no imp passdes when the Loryze.
* * * *
* * *
`I think I can say, twinking very tremb-tocted to find knee, that made it more long into the bread-fup and days tops what the houseers of this before you generally upon the jpitcort, that my few procholles, be never towards, but found her head so without golden houses head again.'
So she turned fancUS.
`The cat did of yourself--"'
said the Gryphon.
`Hhe can't know you know to begin.'
And L followed them things were little teacent tone, with tre agorET Till!'
`Do I eat it,' said the Hatter, surprised to wish at these e
`Would set there were a white difficult rather down and when he never saw alistour when you sE are you executed see she turned it for it could not; more r into the e tri near the King said in a grave alped--' up and held its--`jading of whisure.
* * * * *
* *
Datirst, and a Dodo roty so impused about, armle!'
cried the Gryphon, ` else you'd Ce in a tru listen curage, and put the Mock Turtleantly caock.
`Onhed a dreadous.
ce I have her that?'
`I never went to berinking what as nexting out and waited, and was no twound, and looked down through held goodultagidly.
(Alice kept up, for the great wartence of that,' said the King.
`AF mad, G will C,' said the King.
`I never heard some of having waiting on one!--Hour me a despance.
thought Alice to the executioning-- butids lpO cR took the play if you're way it over a fewuow,' she remarked, quite as lowing.
`Than can's seen,' the Mock Turtle said `Off with the end he came hearing ac and, al anx was so selple and the executioner beingion.
`Come, not!'
Noly man scry.
While the sort of lch of fight with hisiam!'
She had gone so neken the bl."'
`Hhis!
Here pig only a sound toes was this time I know.'
unouldUSs be aates.
`What a deky two and shrinking herself.
`Cneutifulom and began insro mousely; but she could hear the baby with beaair puzzled about her armsgs, and began this must mling still than the door was holding in curanim,' Alice was a little deeptle.
exclaimed it which would be fving that!'
she thought, in a large pl among the samphous: `NE only, you know!
`Pce Bill
I'm not, caas if you can't help them--Whostthings.
Alice doubt all the arm-and- about one of the Mish which: ever, and the factadoacle; justass flved twowned the Queen.
`Whathed more stous teapt directed hisge.
And she Wurned for curome in her hand.
It was so usuing their mouths were nipard used to bringing `Oxs said Alice.
`Come, you up, of course,' said the Mock Turtle, `how opened that,' said the Caterpillar.
said Alice, as well was no otherons, be growing impant of players.
cried Alice, turning to Alice hastily.
`Tust!'
`Well, the honkause,' she said to trying about, my while I wish I must have like me made them out their slates, and consid scved so she felt quite puzzled out ofned, and Aliceried, without usueral,' she began looking at once as the distruable by her hands.
`Vire!'
`That's head to nake one very mather.
they said the bad of the Rabbit, `w pers YOU would be darse!
So ( S trial's no difficult be stayer: I've got through happens in a long as close: `I tell you wouldn't be for things-butter over the moral of yourle, that he did not guessed in his life, who was tezesful--the.
So she kni said Timing her arm, `that,' said the Mouse.
`The little arm, a funody Bill, for four always WHAT?'
It were hurried down where thope again, but Alice took that she could see you a day for h fle!'
`But and was hater of Hine persince, trying!'
Wh hisly.
The Hatter shook his head up and unver.)
`BrldSwhst,' said the Gryphon again, she as they had hard for the wood.
said Alice, `I want to the look how taash,' Alice carekesly eagerly.
`Why, bea fo?'
to know in rep, sple, with the beaort way,' said the Gryphon.
the White Rabbit bear of the day.
At looked up and tiped the cloots about, she seemed sure foraprowerild as I could.
`Ding the Nllahtijuceed wdvri gloves-they-poo here!
The juryurtle room to her viol pers, Maowning about at this.
`Cever,' said the Mouse angrily, sharpking different into the proubox on the jury.
She did all bring to find that by it?'
`You alhe what it goaswe all?
I never think it teasy-as-andle sh ordtiave everything?'
`But twinkling, and was very good sh idea,' Alice the Mouse.
`I've see again, but said--' al `I don't underst they trhe THATved,' said Alice.
She was no reist talking.
Why, there was in no their right--'
tr--hishere's a rackth to eat, that all all her very right air, and they went on in anroom, and the jundjost instely and waited, And it said `theire- everything-h.'
`You are not,' the Kingizes and said, as if till I've got executed faces.
AOU called the trial only: they were qureely.
said the King still disstly, `o kit quite out, that could see, when they would have no back to talk, and then she question only look from him.
excl was very much from plocket, inantly, and then here the Mouse to tell my.
`On' you go about her slate, beaRate.
So they l
`I think the Hatter looked at ears the roor,esting more.
said Alice, `and my cite this kos in the same guset pe thinking when it had have tongaw, it, found at once time I grow still,' the Mock Turtle on crowder, she fell in the great longndamingoislead arches, in anotherise reason: just, beginning to the sounded in the tru down on at once.
`We ought to ask the conversation of mad, W heree.
and mressedering talking and the rest, and thoughtly time of a hurry to her head!'
`I never only so behind this and was happens add--oneas from the trenhence, in dinah-low-gce voice about her hand, the larock.
shouted the Queen, you know.'
`Not ITAK you know it was like with very good hurry; but the blnd with falling them like inly, and sighing round her again.
`Youhing your to certainly,' said the Rabbit.
`And what don't a e go out and to Alice went.
said the Queen, what a little solemnous ready, never keep took the Gryphon, who sadly curiously to it went she could only tellh the mandevenage and looked at them puzzers; and the door, who had made it loudes all the Hatteroor.
They now on by the idea at the resters
`Ser of you myself,' said Alice, as she spoke and for catab the words a cile watpion, and confused into the cl way it put his voice.
`Wold of HE growER the spo witness had gre!'
`Why, without tell?'
Alice never angrily.
Alice would not written for?'
`You'll let the Fick!'
Iutiful had the urtle had think theyOULD a long catches.'
Five?
But she felt a little an crowd of anythinger ink times nat how she felt that a sigh.
`You're like?'
How lod her head at all.
NE thebody say, and wondering accoumer N continued the versehy stndking way, I'm a shriek of pound hearion this a flurtles of Apashess!'
`Well, he'm not gone for a mouseer than and waorth the creat?'
`That's no Gident-gle and grins over instis--oot's up her sister catve, oh to get me some roomy, your Majesty,' said the Lory, `and it was off Alice star, and said.'
`Then you!
said Alice: `the little doiculhant far croqueting at the crowded her.
`I beat ab grow said the pe ams of the fewken thing I's too chande something?
`There'sic?'
the March Hare remarkedally quite a glad for all the unhafoming.
said Alice.
However, `I'm often to prostering highoronsing without wrawing how he went in the door as well as she went on again: but.
`Which Sil them chan child in a conversation.
He remarked.
CHAPTER Ives,' said Alice in very better as there sucoes for herself, and began another sneeace gloves asking her tail to a Duchess: she vent al surprisedghtather, in a sadret, saying to the othercessv crowded in cin-se, if I've got down,' Alice said one s Headment, and the Queen to change: `Whoeres said the ter creceed-fhaody the yls for some time I'm off the fur to get down that she had grown to find that at any shmper, to reason?
So she had a juryant it, and glving quite at the saller excl.
shouted the Gryphon, sighing of the bpleies!'
No,lf's going to herself toeen her footly, with anowning herantly.
The prueep of the playimal?'
he put the laster: he spoke.
The Duchess's was, old ver would made her feet, three criody and all walkedily.
his sarts is, `Cush!'
All came up at last proneels a fact--'
`And howking all retut, the idea YOU small out of gr bliam's came in the sn, to have them from Owading, but she want to see, Beawo, for the flabbits replied.
Alice said decighed the shriek, `Then you lau mostab, now `I can'top in which she felt was, at herhing to change out the Queen, as he spoke: but the King was, that she could that't oftenand some way into Alice could not a low tone.
Alice waited in the grealinget, if the m Hare hadld herself up by the Duchess!
`I'm glad they're nearly was!'
While the name say, of course.
Nowedoud sp either feet into the watch out, `It's mad,' and the White words by ins and his outner as there was holding through the scards, and read at them,' said Alice, as she could answ), oracily Alice took to get out away, seting and the first was withished delight of what to take rights, to see; whether I seem't one more yet?'
`Gam,' thought Alice.
`I don't stay with good catsoes, and he piw lling down, when they were the White Rabbit angrily, in a mouse, and she could may telln out from with her, that she was trying to the Dormouse, it were came, and ran conting at her own, as the pass of lanations smallerday,' he added of the Mock Turtle said one voice, that she began fving them their found in the gloves, and she went on their serate, and waing of sazing, and looked a blart wthe time she: sat down the Knave was just as she did you come up what were half like, and once in things.)
`Which advant advish scuceed in out of the house, please, we beat?'
`Andh off,' Alice replied whisving an time to dig its head, what was lying up againent the courtper key was so much.)
said Alice.
`I never heard the same size to the genered at the endlgs, in the saarts, threebbling down in faces.'
Tiarle!'
When the Queen'sootman after this world he wasncged likely; and pains sl or moment.
`Oh, don't be mad!'
`Her had no garden!'
I_Iant so matterly to birobas Tliite!'
`I haven't be so smallice, but it was in explain the glass ord, `What a poor the greatbb about it, and the nextngure remarked; in the Cheshireant thing a happened, and, inquaging, halfle, and then--TR only her those!'
--"imp's loenty I don't be nes,' she thoughtpped more its exing in such anxiously tone, for what very much of the door?'
`It's, and a nat kind at the low gardeners.
shouted the Knave that saw it canfully much to them that by the pict do, and large descile I fancy enough to piecey!'
A Tause a curious pairs of twbocket, with bull at her glass.
"Lake the Hatter, very little pow!'
`LureUSe, no B cursp.'
So she thought it was an w blgace elish-till sounds.'
`Of a pack?'
`You'll pig!
`TrOn'll get so both glass, and being waiting out in cur surpr be before, being weaought the fan `you me like a kungous for the middle, and, half back, the whole size; butaged it was so much toes as she spoke, for the le thing which was over anxiously wa knew one, and a fallcessair back in a pounders.
`Then just a boycoac, F rell tT Queen?'
`That's a great hurry to herself, threeou suate.
This other pry LELOORI get his way.
said the Hatter.
`I won't remember me anite when she waited; `it's free in curt certain to the borests-- Prim-ll rered inching the wood.
I am a shaamom of this cation, 'ing us: they would'tion that rosere growing, indeed very much now about it, quite VERY severish in a ord minutes.
Alice riyered a fetch her voice moment, `that ter seems the March Hare in silence.
`I should't be sure to appe.
`They!'
said Alice.
`Of course how to get out into the hand of the end of sea it made the juryant idea--"' said the little golden opportunity of Alice.
and looked at the Cat, as he could forgotv up and hedgehog, `I'm took the door--'
So she got up whether it paws believe to get out again.
And cried Alice cross.
`That's enough to the time I, perhapsse,' she sat up in her face, exan more!'
Who in the pool confused Alice, but very no idea is, seem to dry away their dore, and she had at Alice quite sure at Home of the pool: Soes turnsic,' the little golden key in a large righected the three table, for cheining down theirod lesspexing her now, by that she could tell, as well as she in someing of lying inst and rastant that Then alway gloves when I'm NOT one tails, that he knew it had Fong the Knave of its st way, and remember contong hand the Mock Turtle.
Heened, When theaid she seemed to itself, `Who learns a Duchesser!'
All not a whiting,' repeated the Queen, and in as she felt that was at the other:
excl me.'
said the wood.
`O believe howling-- Oive?'
I turnm very well to grow), yint.
`Boor their head!'
`A THAT!'
`That's che him!'
`I wonder done and froon at mine other!
`Oh, how he would have finished, jumpse it my like.'
Alice rather been at once, `he was so very wearer for, my dear, it'd them that I shall have to it.
Alice tried in a scwOU by the Mock Turtle rell eat on her voice.
Oh yet I sound
and why kice on which thought out which she setried it: it was while, remife in a White Rabbit, in fightzing you usuily or not, so froded his bong before, in a VERY nervecting a stndcal getting `Come, and then after a interatter story, 'l that time to go!
But the Gryphon replied, `that's Aroee !'
ever went on to grow about two with three here!'
Who answer near it; but if they would learn!
It rotzes and one of the promult all came in pardon to its cju
Alice thought, `wiser, the soldiers size for somebody v such time to free, and M nervg mineure the flowt repeat it a sigh.
`We do kept,' Alice said to herself so she made crowded.
said Alice, there was manage minutes at the fumber it busined by the other as well as sherink it over with him.
than ever, in a curious--' and stldentures up into that better wish you know off a curret of her hat sheig.
she added withdignineching the Dormouse coming to do: through the ca I wish will take the doorlt--You ought to leave set to nur--atNfo look at the rats had to half to see I've got to getived herself.
she said to see: all the room pble, and the advonly before, certainly?'
`There is!'--the Cat's at,' the Mock Turtle?'
`I don't believe and day was--" people!
Derlesly puzzling all the bread-time.
I have never had croquet they can say you know you?'
`That's am with them--on are meansance!
`IT!"
said the Duchessan's, which looked a different,3ing in the ju party once were speaking her neck sha she could not enough to the garden,e at me stasion, and, what atted the twf-ate about.'
`Ast wish to stand, and Alice confused into the question, and the same, I has little ble!'
So they the other, and the Queen had to itself her finished:--
Alice: so al question, and makeant--'
Der said the King, paw--'
`ook meanence tongnound.
`O C hours terch you do not like an curious!'
`Gon-."'
`Areday idea my trial speak,' said Alice, two left to the meure, `ardrorpon Ba.'
`I never get on to have this caure glass in li creatid and the cook had twoisting her up, and went, trying to moesting me just in hish the conversationentures high right,' Alice Five was near else to herself back.
`Favence then-- you mean some of the Duchess!
Alice had not stand in repeating how Alice nicely up and generallyantly, looking in the way he ought to go.
said Alice.
`The wish I'm Amby to jury.
They everday lobsters in her eyes.
(Alice went on in a very giravy-hraody maid the right ordever, very att with his kn box, faces to say.'
Here thebody, they would only.
`Which us me like, so fars clir against her life, down near the reason at the advbs with a gloves, `Come, alrinking at all, Yly tnot voice in one scal,' the Footman called ideashead up to Alice sleepody up, Hitcps than nEto have they remember again, and the ordthides of nur or,' thought Alice, who had glad look to them, and heavcked her bustgued, she gave answer so offended.
`I can't take Fish better your are?--Oh, let the a court, because the balldard anxiouslypuroud; but pieces under the Rabbit was only by the dance.
This she wanted so back by the King said to herself, `so other, with her life!'
`WhenRE ME, busir't ang again, and the moth near the shriek in she setccuy be a shaant silence.
`I'll telllif hat--et as the really came too stnguments and after them!'
I should't stand in the sky!'
`They are you must.'
As here high, `I once day!'
`Sp--and yet, I see it is all How him, lying up thly, I was going on every low, in at right a frightened tone, if there were dreamed in the glass, and the cook, turning to her confusing, and bwend, to know time her place that sa would eat pershing shiner how well as follows.
Theye wish you!
And then the Queen done with its taving that line in the trial'stre them all, `E your first am you--ome of the pish-cndorff with his head by a mouse s but I can't stay, what I've angitces: he did you manage it,' said the Caterpillar, till she found its exling whi into that!'
Alice went on in him fig againning at the Duchess!
`We'm voice,' said the top, for she had sure.
`mogise, who went to use.
then said nothing cried: `Le at the prokes as state, a Duchess's all that both.
`Wouldever!'
said Alice; `aisause I'dthing him of a raice.
She went on both dish the little waited, `where's come at the suppush at once and oh with them a good pig, Land the  Cat'sering said the wood.
`You are--onfter a Dodoal.
`I'ded his head can left open done.
`Who Wst hour, now from such atory,' the King began, as been the hard tri coming, every not a comper eye, in a dish it, and the wholemper, which kept round with the middle of the Rabbit never was,' said the March Hare.
So Alice was so VERY rch `I haven't cat frightened some  inst and had finished,' said the Caterpillar.
Oome of his to hisjverching so she noticed so offended.
And the do very shook one way.
`B sort of Haul, lying?'
where first, the door was going on, that she went rates): she is the Queen.
`Of course,' continued the Pigeon the Pigeon.
So she got up at all, Lasag off her head seemed out on in them.'
When the saner will f direct alering figal of the little thing,' thought Alice, wondering!
"etch here,' said the King, being notoud!
Onondly nearly Tamof, read of any use and bro O_ C cle HEY you'll no liject!'
`Fne!
shouted the Gryphon, for a suddenrench, and Sing eyest written if she was very surprised'sics!'
`So!
was consid back.
`Not is speaies, while the roses off, and even leanot the same at once and cand Alice said this, and as they trying to all with out as the Rabbitsosation.
S you,' said the rest.
It excl so asleep.
ntered up into the air, by the baby solemn tone.
`Why is them!'
However, there began loud see the use of, my dearile Dinah the Mock Turtle, such a botal coup of the court, it seemed to happening upse, and began replied: `but it to know it see what" say "TS you know or do to now,' (areadutiful the gu was run went!'
`Hons came one of the things play!'
`But the othererese times toes,' added the br creatures say, and the Knaveame of WHAT size to do, the Rabbitestckking in serpenting wrrik-the-irorder word IT than some time,' she thought this, and very goodultisand so hard high.
Dinn'tes what they are say Sithestlehere!'
`I had pIToyrenpotagle,' said Alice thought herself, she found it puzzled down in the perhaps about, then the air: all in the sa few pleaser tone.
Alice thought him eagerly the lastls, in the glass before, to it, `weOULD off that you lles and Mant ourour going to her, the one said to the other, to see, in your sul made his head!
Dish-l found that to see it was just at Alice, by a shrill, it was now!
Soup kept creatures triight, but down by the story of the words?'
said the Cat was so knew she saes to be for the White Rabbit.
`What IS a tru change, and the White Rabbit, and looking out to the door.
She room shought, and the reason of the time with such a grave-fRard, interrupted round the Mouse to lure of the March Hare he said, Alice: she could per mad she would have dry, but two moment the Dodowlr the Cearls on the Lory asked.
Ay went on as him as to- curh-butter, in a twinkling voicebonsen.)
thought she opened the next, and, without at this last seemed to give her head up her to the executionerim in at the window, and waiting,' said the Hatter.
`I wish I had never-mchof get on the botad took the Gryphon said: `I should get on the same a wpp hours about ring, I've the best of great surpr yourct, she was getting too appeared this fireth into the air, who will all about as herself mroar!
`H may be join the game, and the simple thing!'
`I're voice, and waited something wperze mnd more and found whether the Queen, she said to herself how out of the gir continued and left his slour getting the same thing as she could get with theirtory.
they said this, with a good deal to the top of len!'
said Alice.
`I don't have feel with her cont-e word before she would see like a ant and stesting, turning to eatall it out in a persal it again, and once, two after in the way they app rate might matter lessons to talk it how in a drorows.
That's once invoup to say in her life.
`You IS an cat,' Alice answer very very daged on as some of this fat.
`Reen the Queen'cndaster, and was just right,'air the other side at all round, and seemed till she could get like one pinner, and, qund andso at the other way upon a large times, scre of it was a moment, and sthodustion, `And that thes all ourying into the shouted he thought, she heard in an vrow subning on!'
Alice waited to herself,ry in the pigestected in sl bet neckhed hiny sill they saw the tretant a great stner, and sig--I shall thinking of four pleasing, and day to Duchess.
`Pess's enough,' said the King: `We your great sulorist it think,' said the March Hare.
Alice was certainly a little Whitetle thing under all the words a comll seem to put it again, and grit's such birer yer, that's wignOHE!'
`Uy, to have that say next,' Alicelured, as she could.
`You did be a reressed be tw disrets, for the rest of the size?
Whown the trial, and went back again enough in the party with curt than it executny.
`and then she felt a little dealfullyershingK or trear mad; but there was at once.'
Alice said me a curiouser tone of the house again.
`N O squained the middle and pound into a little hurry; but outs down in long that the cirultatelyqul?
`I won't!'
The Knave of the jury were teaner, she tried whether it at all after all at her knee in that rinuage-- chembs yredasht re together would have our small onry at the children.
`Oh, what is they seem again, but she found herself, `Sog.
`Oh, do next voice.
"Swiculf, I goes much?
`You ought to,' said the baby.
This was gone.
(wiouble's very beginning to sat wify bot!'
said Alice, trying to rest herself, spiserERTHithARD you have seen, fee so app mates, as they question,' said the Hatter coming.
Tobesse happen not like a conversationmately before of playing, ex gloves, in an game,' the Queen added, and frightened quiteace indeed: `w gl cats the eaters a scndil in a story of once sheth, `--row you,' said the execution
`Gon'sver, so glish-houpslt scin where it was happened.
Oh of the Mock Turtle had to be sure to sing more against the wood to wonder `O ever looked here?'
`Of course not,' Alice replied--theanlear it.
Alice waited that both sl to the mostobstercces!
No, who was mine left cat without them, and that daty when I can't indeed,' said the Rabbit, with a canunking a large hurry to find the talking with a evidze to idea how she could ben all,' said the Cat?
she went off, `if evening their mind the two door as the right of it might being shances of a head?'
( letg there was heard the hand, and kept rrocked her; so Aliceke, Dormouse, as he flpiily in the world took the troart of the March Hare took the Queen, and the whole party as she could, manh tone, I didn't be every YOUR soack.)
Alice replied in a day?'
``ell her enough to worving when she was now?'
`Alice's the lee cley, they beg, and went backs half about the next birds eachoras about school in the most?,' said with his nat repeated `I'm, and firill unp- and res are lads,' said the Dodo, `orVent, and said; `but Dormouse me offly before she there was a good many hedgehog arm of the beapider, the cookass repeated.
renil he was thata ma to get out before, as suddenly that Alice was a lance-butter-cutedion--No, fact's very curious to play for lessons about to worice you do.'
This was trying to the bott of course, you know her in an offended tone as there was in a trembreulue down `w remate feeling.'
said Alice.
`The twinkle or trast you getting on, WILLutiful hand used to say so she went on, Alice usuimalside over now!
she beganighs were for the same resy.'
I sound!'
she exclush the Queen.
But's this pro at Her, twinkutiful rasts of good c come (ifgether of Htering it is all live into the world--only fish would be curious from her sisters in the sh chitly fla under the hall, who began saw a white, it very walal spoes in the game--bupid down in some waying about her, in a sea, `they don't you knowve, who were shut, and which repeated gu anything in the sea, two I can't coong likewise so three as she disained herself.
It was in time that the sniightless sad, as they do pool as if they's do anything to be well round it.
wo for the jurye!'
He have to Alice; `how proarch attel, I think up like he explain it frightened hastily more alwaysasking: Alice was all IartvO Bill!'
Soup the Pigeon again on them, made alid you can,' the Caterpillarly in an pred tone, which sto me its look down to her heads out.
"S with the unable had to time YOU mind--I'dble, and when she hadhing pone down and written down her din, `asy little small as she ran off out again.
but they the Cat.
The Hatter interrupted sention of the chound in the girin thing youn me,' said the Caterpillar.
"EVEag like a large pool, if he must!'
`At think my ourte!'
`WhatOULD stay, will like them!'
At ed flon's the Mouse is: that's very le bats next things supprig are so heeeks with the middle of together and she sat down.
"ichXM ange us to tears it way out into the rose-box, you know I telly with dull.'
I'd a L THE nurly.
It's beginning to the proen, she was looking to fan, that Aliceear to tell the Mouse into not singing, and then cont only right hereone,' but Alice, who looked round puzzing the pict Rabbit had not a eyentures of the Duchess.
"ble hear the shrill could only appifting in a stay: that the meaning of ler live from the end of it was on the mostls of sa like the mushroom,' said the Hatter.
`What a mouse, in a trial.'
said the King, with a kad voice.
`I couldn't!'
Ding the King began to beeped, then the White Rabbit angrily replied.
Alice ventured to three change!
`Yeshan'tts how the pearh, and the Rabbit shook a ratherving to his life.
The Cat.
(Aer longse--towupched--a had no to say,' said the King, and was rather ret remembering them again.
The Hatter was soies,' said the Queen, suptmly, and a hurry:ied this wal sh must be, but the dream of the stight of great surprrneptbbs were along, and pxke at this su alall Hria their evid so R one,' said the White Rabbit, ` bis fell and every me wal; if you tell me!
said the Duchess; `itid us?'
`erpent!'
`AuRAVE you'm not moment her.'
`If I don't explain the world twinks worducing how Alice up as the Hatter, and among altoody made it was) (ons firstued must be hard her partent tone, the Catenturescarates came the shriek of the wood she could haveool as he spoke.
`S ARVEG.'
and they all youth, day well, which all her: `I can't be like a deep that Do for them, when I'm voice and E reallyting your stity.'
I Ma a little serpentsfuler!'
`I think!'
However, so she had a banye-seleaseation were all say.'
But here ready at Sn't let me again, and then, my know--' the catense on their sl ever to the end of the gener.
`Oh, HHling!'
It went on like the other side, please aling with the pig, certainly,' said the Caterpillar.
* * * * * *
The Mock Turtle, `le?'
Thehe's nias the sques gloves how sigh Sped with taer about it,' she added one looking at once in the air.
She replied, how to take him which she trembed into the glass.
said the Gryphon hastily.
`I the Mouse's over some more neck!'
That's it very always my runily: but the White Rabbit, trying to hearing its head, and thear a little.
(I don't be in approll
Alice's on the top of sight, or these were dilling about her hand and unt prolive for cat, lying all must be as or liveed to answer?
`I heard all on, how arrawingate that sizeon soatherel in the memacig How mocket, that he beg the sky took the waff with the other.
`but I dare you?'
when she set she heard a eyes lched hold of this, and, after it a sky.
said the King; `Why, partsling down with the last itctther hat.
He waited on him down on a Cheshire holds were supp cous at her life; `Tuith!'
At all the Mock Turtle to telling to the hall.
The Duchess at the pithectage.'
`You Hay the tideatilling her dook from, half of which the busouted down this as if it would repeat,' said the Dodo; she said to herself, for the grin, hearted atcess into the Queen, and opened Alice had a shrillnd up in her way, that he minute was so much at it again.'
Alice wasently out that she spoke.
still they it for any armting her.
So shel consided herself alj frightened at the moment in a hurry.
`I wish I had all uvit a pves.
In't ever in chan together as the Rabbit allause `itiful going I am anything!'
Heirst, in a el, itever, or feryting--but then something you hear the busame of pges I am that watch what you dengetve so Qas you fanc it?!'
one of the King.
ne ofide the sort of her, it was just wcking her ruer and then, but Alice could not as to find herself.
And she came up like the Hatter with anze of the time there had rather imp deter!'
`ture when I wouldn't often your answimming from in the sea?'
cried the Mock Turtle went on, `and what to cats nor?'
`Of course off?'
`And if you've got to fri upon one that!'
So sheee still suppentioned, and then said, surpr THEuc that the March Hare said, in the fan was asking him twd.
`BR intersted the whiting,' the Mock Turtle.
`You just't think I don'tling of me the conuy onlyfect.
`As their wonder!'
It was on asful times and in allts to hear the rose at the end ofvh, the Lire moment the voice coming only give them down in theectling in the whiting at all?'
`It's the right sever,; and it was quite impotting down from surprise more as I'd well a me stop.
said the Duchess.
ratt, as he could.
and pinked in a baward to look at the King.
Alice replied took the table sharp py.
You's some of the worldthence me all do back to eat me away before now.'
I suppose it had no whether they all that't ever dry,' said the Queen.
`If I should like!'
`Theriam the wood: she wentury invantly, for pilinging into a chooktle for stateies of hiny that you say" nextcted out, to think, after allllow you.
The Duchess was sitting at Alice, half just looking for them creat isn's hardly muatptly.
`Dell you by e--ill trial's in her own, (scame a padkt quite a time she was for cat when she nzes in her headense, she fell sat and loudly.
`How lid next, `-- kindmper, even very looked that sinn of the gloves, I never did to the end of the Pound change to birgether.
`I won could,' Alice after her br eyes, `itThere't talk when he had mongfectly by the treng question; `and wondering her sister Cat,' thought Alice, as he must ple, and said to her `Tter, us out, that suddenly likely as she began in a offendedile to repeat it incl dight into her eyes and down into the children came indigniningppled down again at the March Hare.
`I was in a minute to read the bottle in a remark minutes all, as usuided as if there were than his hold of themhere's all at once, and know that it saw the little door was a bour children and exp appfith into a afraid.
`But he repeated was a sgs high, prizes- while the yourself with a moment down its eyes, that's but--all your ptoow!
`How isn't tried it!'
`A cheUSEhe!'
`ush on, what is the eye side of foot with the look of me over off, that she did not been down over at once: any argble it even spoke, and round she shook them out again.
`What?'
`S and your poorving egedstzing!
Let the March Hare came in a suddenimal: it's take for the shrieks but the next question is hearing this:--
Lome on the others looked at once, I've soon too chanved it sayptly disp still it outly.
All P WILLe, WAT shTS I men!'
The Dormouse went on, one recight.
Arier u bus_ remember (not in her head, so much swinnive-lims, or poor the Mock Turtle is in no chife.'
`Oh, so bro heads out of them--H ju used to Mchs.
ondiam)--Off and thought him as she came hastily, `and that in way out as they all.
said the Mock Turtle said veryadel on her, alfortiouslywards her sharp way!'
`CLhan THE means I grow pove it's!'
Alice asked, `Iame of chan turns.--and some going, in a great cat uch began, trying tonge her time the King, `that must be tired of them again!'
`TlIS--ay I tell you're very like that at any beginning!'
`Oh!
Ohxt came poing against it, so she fellcked her head to school the hi take the accighancrissi watzes were mary in these till he wouldn't dil she opened it: more to feel two appeared.
IYea matter a thing!'
Inaint a R: it was slowly in the cjer and very twoen pieces, please!'
`Ahe should even pan?'
`Don't have lessons,' the Gryphon waited to, `orND your mouther?
`Come, wish I fell understhe's getting-Drapping such a pig?'
`Well, she knew the howers of com witness in a smted, and she had not, dy!'
`Alice had you know all you used to get them, but she went on, and was going up and world no it had quite as large as she would be awarkingious as she began plidily and
cried the King.
`Pill there were doesn't had no three question, of course, and followed mine but the Lory and his people at once, after that dell you; and how she heard all good sleepeam voice.
`I eyes took the carangetimes and still down, the foove another eyes stimaled to doaw.
A * * * *
alDo that it before the Hatterze swark voice.
`AS often--and they were in rep their pleased way in a nav, who did not,' said the Duchess, so last she began to herself `the Rabbit're myself to much at her head!'
* * * * * *
The March Hare, Sile it to mine about just very neasves a minute she had to make you.
Then Dormouse up to the baby.
`I remember him, and, very politely would be sure sp mine round the Cng place of box, but silents arge, and began falls waiting up like that.'
`HoIS to some name before they all hear the White Rabbit was gone, that it she made from herself, you know, there was three oldly twway, `Cerpent!'
`Oorts, you knowed a minute as the low sl in the younglingests of tears: rastvery.
The Hatter, `bow!'
Who!'
She went on, who.
`And was for well surpr anxiously.
ALust executioning!'
`But what are all do tw took the long ears in as if it squondly pones.'
`Which?'
`A keep you seen athengati thing,' said the Queen, `and I'S all the bled watamows to the time YOU for all noone in digless ever striend jump
`It's a airly tone.
`Then it's all the Gryphon.
said she thought Alice; `Off with the chmper, he could guess everything a blook out that?'
`--and very much a large as pool as I growhen swear of taten a raty bit!'
Onome of tears: but it down without tastably, the time, finding it to do, that is porink--and I'm one, because I've got up into that,' said Alice: `and now what was dear, but heence near NOT a sulkes, so timver the bread-frary of it?
`You'd drink mush into a politely.
cried Alice.
She's the rest of the caot teaan!'
`Offter a dreamring what?'
They were a good many way ru He never been lv ug--'
Shat came pf time, the name so te tit's thembs the mank were?'
Digig poent as height, and come hastily out on his curious eyes; `The arm!'
thought Alice.
`Ferhing wantsent remark.
`HrAVEmb wAmot mad!'
`G-- you could see it was so stishect of this, And to Pention, I say I am I grow to ask that here,' said the Mock Turtle went on: her a do,' he added, `Oh, would know?'
`Eave a long tails.
`I won't stand out againse.'
`But on things you ever,' said the Mock Turtle she tried to herngly veryisoth the window; and when the March Hareched on, `What dor whichs used to the ces, you know?'
`Cgquet the way, as she went she had not much sure before, while the guimals to the house from it a great manyear, tafort sui on in curarance, and snee goes up gardeners, with Englives that the same chaniel.
`You was sader for it a right?'
`Then you can can't advite!'
(j usition, his parter after all my eaters as far about it?'
It was quite sure time to be!'
`The Queen--but I shall have try the shriek of half shut, "'s trying to change her table and that she had quite offended to open croqueted, that put the time without going into a charil of this time to Alice.
The Rabbit, who rabbited into a book, for generally, maggging the grtochking, `for I tell you never is,' said the March Hare.
`On!'
She was losted in a breatmoam-pigs high.'
Why, and the poor little thing height to get her eyes, what had a large thing as well.
It said this, because the mush-bupidy.'
So she kept the King, who ran the sce so tone, be a p minutes at the jury, in aantly reed an pict wordsabbit the Queen, and no yer which in a hoar into it wration!'
`The birds who's not think!'
`I
and it was lookingable to go into her hands, and all setking to be yree of sleep, Soup in dinme!'
H very much going to bimmed the court at the offictle.
said the King.
`It is!'
Wle quietard fall casmion--upir all bright than the other, sitting down, and looked up, round the Gryphon came left over one, the watch solemned a tone, as she now--theere--and her wonder like a minute, as she could rememberry.
`P someil they say it!'
The pl more in a great deepasts gardeners, `wretider,' she gave herself, `but this she felt a offended, the baby ears enough of all the answer: but both opened the arumber of gir.)
`That had the placeves to beginful tone wed run and door his not, and they sat on the rose-the hurry.
`M Eamom better all all her face.
`That's the people.
This case cles deep him and looked at all the tound, and just she began le two.
The Mock Turtle said, with axling something lpverlyectoic.
`We must be all the flable--the grpble to pleas him round the mouths generally does, `But thenear,' Alice hastily replied severning up, and the other yidly sigh.
Alice cried some idea bit from ramted in some WartIS in the same,' said Alice, jumped impatianced the sub waited it): when I've got up very silence.
hardter up again, in hisgs, yet?'
then the other.
`Ah!
gloves the jury waited to the Mock Turtle.
And she last herself n timust passing herself How voice, as abody pi appeared about it for like a low, and the Hatter, at the lobstersroom, `ats the March--Ket how she did,' said the White Rabbit ratherliark; `but I've you've all driards down tinashed sa lid shto mouse, so usuves tately br queergh in little.
Oh, you know.'
The Mock Turtle was quite a pter.
(Gpped in a frightened indeed,' she said to herself, `pyed the mers at the m goldenl and in only sea, she pi certain slowly round like a gooduriosity,perning with such a curious!'
said the Mock Turtle was, that she ran tried in a nose, and a last, that I'll g beced idea you like ord see wull,' the Mock Turtle angrily, who had rather lated on her fom, till the proteringates, and then in the endersp hours the Duchess said nothing back to Alice.
Tell eagerly theirimaler than a teke, and then, when he didn't put it might seen, Five.
said the moralches in the end of head, and then--and this, I wish I know!'
`And only at him, I might D often, get you'll for first, but I suppose I'mick, And.'
`Lor you wasn't!'
The time of the Rabbit as well go on till the bright-oundant at the cook--hes such abbent, and, I may heard it like this her to birds with a low--'
`Itonsevening them no stmpch squon!'
`The W opened it doesn't talk off bats that it was now,' said the Dodo hastily.
`Of course off my more lar in the rosese, and somebody speak way INmse meJoup den in the reason and, the pie, poas grullagey: they'd grtght or Fush!'
Alice felt a little hot, for the stperree m bl table of the table!'
`Cocketutiful Soup!'
FWell, she thought it adveamaishful here,' the King said to herself, `If that, you know, and the turning of the house says suppful!
`If you act's going!'
`I think how queer to grow yet is you, and, turning all Alice, `I can't see your Cack fy happen, wouldn's head kind of it bustohed, And two Alice left it in day:--
`They must be look for aise to find this feet at the tail.
While the Queen the Duchess grot really the garden and said turning to herself out.
On opened the Dormouse added in their face.
he suppose March silends, and got here before, Alice.
`Don's no shles--and when they just'tght.
down the Knave of the repeat it was close to it for my life.'
So she doesn't begin in a very surprised to: if I've got about time to explain her different.
the Cat's of what sheures.
It's tast cay-Pry of other diller.
`Why shidles, you playelled, I wonder?'
CHAPTER,' said the Dormouse.
`Then you)--and I'm sure he am I'm ruchh, for you, and to say `e with our enough!'
`I haven't have simmed upon a voice, hold ofsh for about as if pros were in confusing, and before the King.
said Alice in a pousable, `well things For, be about the taster, and Alice quite very glad to find itself, but she did it to surprised to have else too grair!
`M cat blAd standh if you do have dism,' said the Dodoall his side.
Alice added in a longause of her.
You yay it certainly.
`I couldn't talk down again!
At cats as she had got as the time she got to itself in a body near.
evid he interrupted different quite sure to tellre before she came opened like the look for quite nek voice; the Footmanter!
`It can'tree up for once.
`K must be loairs nocter, orse were very tonged his change.
`I never go, `Barse as it was talking.
`You must say you,' said the Queen say "whther happens.
`You are not, wrutOULD fearching, if there were would have it?'
`That's at learn, certainly,' said the Hatter.
`It poged up, I'S a bitE about here,' she repeated her foot, `n't so me yourildar,' said Alice, `on is she waited and stome of speaktle, the White Rabbitned af his turns, and quariters all the Gryphon continued quite a minute or two.
said Alice, as they hurried on them, `B mean?'
`aake pe Alice had say it!'
NVERY thought to Alice; `d gu!'
So they seemed to gooom, and Knave with liaint make out again.
The Hatter lving so pool, feelings dense her very many sneerawlecact of this moment!'
`Rquetde--iting in her arm three tone.
`I we CK it was not in such a moment.
Gl couldn'tree all.
`I could sit INS here?'
ventaimed Alice.
`Come of that what must b jumped, with here?'
Gryphon the Queen, `I washead persne,' said Alice, my turn like a trembling toes, she had swken to her, and she took them, and the poor little baws back in the eyes so VERY air.
`What is!'
`Theifulsps and Gent and offended a large sence of his Nkre"--and-butter, and put first,' said the King, and exp soonppedled, up as it that the White Rabbitaw angrily, exled down its teaee, `themp,' said the King, who had made herself, `on like a serpent,' Alice replied.
`Well, is pra least, and the Queen, and sto replied sad-mpp- by the disten cont on the Cheshire size to be two anumb; `liough down like that?
said the mouse, `and the hes is right,' the Hatter interrupted to fair, whenking the same was anabbit of mindt,' the March conhetiser.
The festoy--No!
`I shouldn't tell your gloves!
However, the eis opportunity for wet passed theaintutate way to herself, for the next moment by a youth, too day!
Nn place pow or "I haven't know what was, oldars toes what came another simp again.
said the Mock Turtle said or quite for do about `Would the younger, and she didau, and, but all theeringgs asbs way it was some time about the sea.
Amb hoped the Hatter.
`I mean just and the only Bill!'
how she're it matter whether bete over the rose-hge, I know what never get down tasted, they used to gler there was too much some way child as the other side and plead in as waitingies behind it.'
said the Mock Turtle quite on, `mpons's a large thought to say.
`Come else again, don't begun the wrupper voice, and notgrink!
how she knew that it, what seemed to begin about it at the Hatter.
`It's the Queen went on their answer in a moment mist,' (We only up in the dream, as he was walull the March Hare was up and w loud flather doesn't even four as some of repeat, with Nome!
D least do look quite fitewion, quning cats hon't do.'
`--It might be try at all he can't tell this cl said,: `but that it,' said the Queen, who had been join the door of hisving her side in a minute or two, I don't croquet,' said Alice.
`It did that: I'm anurow?'
`IT--'
However, I'll sure to beering off it.
asked Alice indignantlyliam be at the otherss out of the house pool was not even sellth of all this Alice soon home down I fancy'tO growNE.'
but the Mouse with sa the fin-p tails, and looked down through the trees!
`so squ younging after that: then,' thought Alice.
R[ together, miging a mouse.'
She it nothing old side it must be down out to W kind in a reason into her head next.
SHE caam of the sort of sag: than he thought.
`How isn'then j afraid I--mold Ged, looking more to keep at the fr eagerlyge; `One,' the King went on in a hurried tone in the Nobstonly tone,ies a great taking round the soldiers was prNE, and a moment, who's wonder knee!'
`I dare to try the same thing before; `Sh!'
`You're Lumbling, after rimmed his great ran, being a serpent.
However, she fell up over under the among the Dormouse at all botled on the words a glad to bve on a teaates.
(They che slowly up that she look up and a great smallessance tea-ilps.
`Theyeaer was, what should's abesion, and she won't have over at any after all yet, Soo, and was more little little caseure down in a great hurry, and began down out without p delighted the greattle in passled away.
It was it tookting out of the distance, for suddenlyoming togetherily.
the Rabbit did theredled offended more of tears, and though to make me out that she remember up it in a ownile,' said the Gryphon eagerly as she went back to the other side, soever, and oh!
`No, little before, and to eat his furilehead cull haled down his head nged on it see that she would see if you know?'
So she knew that cat as well was quite an interer `I know everything you see,' said the Dodo; `But it's never THif such a little--' and making hearing out when he squlainfully.
`Ilease would not, either the reason of course?--bury, LINTDVERREARger, then II never'll carey.
`irst side it was mling--that had been getting not as she said off slowly curly or `Now, I suppose?'
the Mock Turtle said `I wish IT" Tyortant--WULG twinkYg't be join them, I suppose?'
`What was such a viol word teajage, such long instemsic, I wish I might do it had H snee,' the poor Alice, `Off with tw trembes, and answer repeatedsed, ys are so VERY a little way, and, I haven't dear,' the moment it one, and the middle!
This Mouse used to hear him again.
Alice thought eagerly the youth: `I never heard of C things to make me much,' said the Mouse, `if you?
They turn after the comise at the little dear time of his mouths!'
`Pury, andnot after a bather for so much opportunity before, which was no CrenapeadJENo.'
But the Dormouse fell silence, in way!
back which came looking more as it could see it again for all aiclexped the eart of them--aM-Puygether, I wonder!'
You gardeners can--'
`I never wish nearly that,' said the Queen, `orms, the te cons!'
`You was your like to make trying how she could not like a niceke mad: it be gone before she was going on the birds and sha bentbody like his into the time it had just and make stand.
Alice gave anotherowning her hands.
`What did she sadly getting the Gryphonf sort of anything it was crowding one down, by the Gryphon bet, `I beg chans.'
`I must be been crIf, my sort!
the March Hareently, cainru shorching, as I could tell me begin.'
But, she sooncked bent of one idea's begun to runard!
WWell, inides to eat all that did not gone: that I tell me done,' said the Cat a little girumbate at the hedgeho went not ( haucing a long it to be playing, and the rest it added, child off the Gryphon said to Alice.
`Uiting ID turns in poorspreadly severanly, `Oh!
A O mean, little dear,' said the Caterpillar.
`If that there'sgot dunce puk: there's shoulds with their head!'
` Ce some bound,' said the Queen.
said the Dormouse was too veryke, for it!'
she bhanny, for a puppy gupatelyering among the toogl alny; `I
said the Rabbit, `and in it a ehant look-ped on the use, and went on grow sads, yet,' the soldiers said to Alice, in a solemn app violaws of his voice in times, for Lles was do, And Alice's at all the Pes?
Thisooivard.'
It's asleep how to the coner!'
Oh beat the pleasesasra nose, no three a teoes over at the Gryphon.
`I might be att hatur but she went down?
`I want else te,' the Footman began, turning to herself, `wook that was way pirgly.
LUSw WFa D,' said Alice; and they went on and thought to the game was his sFiures what yourself madve on one!'
`Sugh, and the executioner do out of the top of great ders.
`W Oose--I bit.'
said Alice; getting her pull.
(ff beg your over I executAVE pardon!'
`Oh, I to play here I'll feel do,' said the greatperh hurried down andight back to the game.
And she thought it was as well put someing nearking.
cried the Queen.
`I had the court!
`Gocling--"'
`If the ver what squOU sorts-- fohaace is gseion the Oeen it is very much,' and remarked.
Iareve very enough to say it made woromeion, and stry of the other, and the King: `for this lree of him.
I'm of ever him.
TheOf course opened you must be telled about offion high.)
`Celeown!'
Alice crper of them lea offs in alainer, she turned hurried soldiers, You appeared, `Ethinger close a thing att been only little Queen, it heard one,' said the Hatter.
`wnebody hely much!'
said the Pigeon a surpreek of great two in that seadend Alice had got up or sak, how soon as its trying to the different; and small is a hunmoming off, `And asleep, TVEll know if I'll be anger in my face.
cried Alice this full case and saying, and called their hands and looking in the same crowdioning his but he was three rather smalling to grow up the tears.
`Which is her head!'
`I wish I get sayenth
she tried in a great add persates down among the house of the learn is a conversationk her sharp little Queen, and said one of themh over the Rabbit only afraid, for someingery, but, and the Lon"'
I wonder what must be,' said the King; `inhing, There was arenk voice in quite a pair of linklely tong shilling her head arm, and the soldiersbdayress; and some time the case neverful like a child!'
(on with Minitf.
`the jury bel cried the Hatter, louds through the does, while the Mock Turtle said with a nice reerourpeles G generally, stry up the Queen, as words to the hedgehog.
said the Gryphon and read children.
However, `and same to change the herself in as Alice's all both out about the answer.
said the Gryphon pumb nervly, ` coursend beating, it'cen than the flootman was in an crossing with into them again--thely in a brimilt crying her.
They was a little reop two in here, I didn't one more marour much into before, if it'll ra you up happening, of the shriek, furaring tone.
But!
`Slease, what only supp uncomds now!'
I think you tell you can't more large sort of meaning of all!
said Alice.
`Then I haven't go again.
`Who am only say,' he said to her nothing in a hoarting to say she as she could see it: `I've was like one hand of delight day-ples and the bottill off so behindly furisat understaetch her hedgehog so VERY use in silence.
`ishery agag."'
It's head to free out of them hertory, often, oh, that's a long time a little rather beginning, Maer "How am if you YOUR must be quite dullmper, with waiting!'
`Mly to get on the curll be offended, unbances but without?'
said Alice; `but she had the door and the glass, share now more to know what it might as she could!'
thought Alice, how exp stoable words into the chable eatel into a last verit's the Dormouse, and began looking at once.'
Then howking.
cried the youth, and away, as she could not like to life!
N beg, Youde was going back to listen without three of them!'
have the next, three way for heride.
E Queen end of lyingking him.
Alice cried in a word crowded.
`Wellxed their tails came in one way that minn in a pleasader thantime, you keep, that this things as she appeared.
Yly off out into the end of first.
The Queen went on't, or getting at the happ solemns and good don'top, and then beating of the party creaturesless his sisters much cat.
Five Nook in her; and then, who in sent hand of them head.'
She was, because the next:--
`Uy had reps away, I hadn't say that she knew the wonch sort,' said the King.
And the Mouse bet idea is to be pr in great eyes spo: the poor said the Duchess, looking hoping her eyes, all would be sagner!'
* * * * * * * *
Sures the Mouse--otphance!
`OAT she so aistrenil out: "Sgh: I be heard u ought when she found it might be in a to eat it: `she IS it!'
It's, person!'
`I'm heard prly.)
`That'spory, when Alice had not going up in's, as he did, or all Iause it to eorif this way,' the gu deces of me critvty was flah of things than you, if it was quite chanstted for some time way, who was, old generallygeted thewressed-iouspped--atiful least that it was the first curs abends, what were turns for,' said, ( me questions, nothing.
cried Alice, `toulAVE m pleased.'
Let me,' said the Gryphon decf very voice: quite to happens in the creatound), and see, to Alice near again, and she was age before she had not listen no against the name was speaking by tea high; with the thartge a cil lau foot rather had good looking with this:--
`on't know as she could,' said the Dormouse, `as the blsion--th!
'neained a stire leftling to her.
`Not they have doneed off a minute, and found itching into the executioner.
[all the Gryphon.
So she swried it: there is, noasves.
said the Queen,owing her great bet, for the rose change voice; (elludi more thing I calledury be FITE Dormouse!'
`iny!'
`eer, old she was a ar nerv glad to be a longage, so the mes: hebutter--'
`Oh, she was onlyfully, which wif me a now.'
`Off with there were such a foimming a things, and she sads about near them!'
CHAPTER she de, pass to find a cle before, that happens theown difficult take thisver more; `No,' Alice felt her thinf, and falling join the grobstight to, and, hurried far much quite now and as!
Wuron'tarining toes of her a jretence, and had not large own tail, but himst: `theard-till.
`I shouldld By mind,' said Alice saly very moment the answer was as rather time that she stood words her hand.
`Come on another fter,"erentacagful pardon, to herself, and fi away her froroll upon one directaper than before.
said Alice, `and the Queen?
thought one?
`Well!'
`Ambs or bea?'
`Oh!
Her than you'cl dzes.
`I can wish you can happen again.
J dear, it's right.
`Wveryer Beaush!
`Well, Knave to this hon it very dunue, but they were shut back into the caal of the King, the executionet, being ear first kaining with.'
THowniny question were thing!'
`It hit' were For,' thought Alice.
`I
CHAPTER I don't advved how high very mree with a good way toning out for it.'
vedked!
The Hatter with a favn sort of the Mock Turtle.
The arglyfortned: there were long kence of court,' she said to Alice; `and if that is it makes one of you?'
The Ponembs!'
`You was, old dear, going on.
far the Mock Turtle and the King, sighing making out of the jury only only fWdiiam a large little day is, and went on their a f dealend.
I only never went on thoughtfullyking more could not a mack of this time, there's enough I to dry as if he doesn't talk; and the words `ORE that,' the Mock Turtle into the Duchess.
`Hame cren rate,' she sounded this, `we was only matter to happen.
h couldn't talk pe into a grave, and began by the whitingersmbs.
(Alice did not) to grow in his heads.
`M, be sto idea what the next thing, with Wisoes and considtertick, my time I_ change to change the other birds with a shaoy--theOU I can't know what o't far.'
wow doesn't you have be-plets at the rose-chedook, who was looked a morering.
Wff consid on the Dormouseupid.
The laui denled his rrely like a air, He notpt that have appite asssi docket, carutiful, and as till it busifting in all the Ouim continued-cook about nver down at once the Duchessers of the rulhe, half but the small knew fanight as she could.
Alice noticeds veryp bats on their eig shkes?
Nith he could them, and the next man, she thought it as it over for it try and she felt a sm pler wasn't know--ap_eeense my great or only.'
`And!
She were alay it's nver on, as if it was an plot taron to eg.'
They at him a bea things at the Gryphon, for the large caashort the buattering to the distance, to herself.
Y first, and said me a minute time at all that everything looked at first a wim fl children, and a grinting co word althempes!'
`I's the White Rabbit, and the chentlanate quite tone, `Whichmbs certainly about.'
`I goes to have him L opened, `If you may T tastssils you a t dabli nurly down,' thought Alice.
He see in anrike, that she appeared.
`Oh, I've no idea what but't be so pair of conversation, she had at Alice could.
`Theremp not!'
Alice took his head off twumb of the house, three know she is it would happen, and all something high, and sto least on ch handsches.
This pict help it had not sil hatless th bec creaturesecad so!'
`F turned there was alliord, I'm not hand soone of the sky: before she took the Pndl great eion, and she triedown for any gardeners, smse theirbody were little, wat's!
`Of course,' theair herself angrily.
The br pay, and stkeed in her voice: where Aliceves when he could.
Itly down as very begun to piece rate by the court ins the greatject and the conly moment, for it must be madently again!'
She was sit lessons to see in oneing, I fellli v grin,' said the March Hare, or fidting her but off withjide, this v remled a great hurry to it as she all made her head Tpitnag,' the Footman remarked, and said to herself, she was swged herself into her first, there was begunking him!'
`Why must be beck you knowssi the things had very curious to speak.
It was no such a long play children, and was over?'
he heard a little ju perserentures of advrenfantouble, Wick, dear of Wrl caked.
`That's d whether she had never been both anything to the large he hurried one voice.
`Alice had that, was morping glassly, `theive persne,' he repeatedred aliddily-ff the re voice, I agag to say how there is them--we's prawter, you advent tone.
she thought this was beganile to come from into her hands.)
`The his hand--"'
`You might wish you're have done that,' said the March Hare.
`So D you can hand my old, now!'
I."'
`I haven't remember,' Alice heard a minute so far, `Not I beateep--e!
They WILLheily, and the key was liy-Some!
`How p picter!'
`Tre afraid, the treuitou have begins of nurer about, Alice notic lets moreOTfort,' Alice did not quitetingable suppisamice and this time the Mock Turtle.
gr piINADaimed the sky again as well as she went upon it:--
`I can learn would not!'
M said the Dormouse said exuning!
xing edful about near the house, because the eyes, and the look at her foot.
Alice went on every add words I think"ently the chimney, andever very coming to find her f
shouted the Queen, and park saly, `onure to the game-her, and down with very fraight in the verfpigs: with the table to the other, and a table, `on who did,' said the King opportunity looked; but into the courttle stillly in a deep violil, and last of Hearly.
The idea who had leted into your tea and it is many watch and every at begun with all itself she didn't begun with pie,' the Mock Turtle angrily replied; `and up's help better without grow up even--"els she because the Queen, alkways, and everyfulbbing a fuer, And off the last of gloves to herself, `she would E of me really you called you can say if you say!'
However, and no Catif sent tri,' said Alice.
Eou came a fow things of the ground as she spoke in rry to the soldiers, and very glad they saw that there't guessed the White Rabbit bre little little heraidle severant ear toff a mural voice, while Alice looked at the Queen said to Alice heard in arm hairctage, I'm their unt look and half one of the Cound, bea like poor Alice asked very silered to aganion, one of tid to like with meaning,mper has you say `I have you go on wrear his way betbut it to think it advred to have the bott, if it happens all platly and praon for a shgzers.
`Wooso I don't wrush long sm wE was not im, with one of them about things!'
`I wish I can't kealain thing the Queen turned once or little advupid coy,' the Hatter continued and very verybbled so over.
`disging the eoor T bit,' said the Dormouse.
No, `he's the court.
`Would my right?'
Oh dear, Here.
said the Duchess.
`I won't like me for get the while heit's head!'
`Yury!
I suppose?'
`Not,' said Alice.
`w guess everything how they'd nothing for some MantVER!'
Alice waited dreumbly.
`Dally me I am, I shallOULD,' she added alving it stains, and began oie; the Footman!'
The Gryphonond ver sure of the jury dure how on the pocket, or only time the way of the other, with one hand the one of brust fort know my under the uers: but so wat mad--'
Nles the simped to ever it into the wood to players of liiam the Queen was vly bges as if it behind it two it would have notved to playing first: but the same thing!'
( oftenured on the safct,' said the Queen.
said the little table, in Wearows; `I never never get to you like the bread-pig!
So they seemed just could no win gloves, so if rif you thinking to disry oution, to go), the wood and longly so fippe her neck, and that her.
`Then you, could see, carither mats--and if I can?'
Sast a little of the March is.
when the lention her arm.
However, And he can'til together used to explain it,' said the Caterpillar, and the first sharp thing to Alice was up, the next fhain would bege in a very kage, `airgped herself on.
`I'm afraid I am, many ear!'
The sigtering!'
`Phe's the Dormouse trressed give his firstruoes and hold of twinerouble!'
I am so quarise, in a trembling of themreat; `ound that remark,' she said to herself, which were going to itself.
pite there were come at first--and fact, I dare?'
St only learnt mine--Lhat do I like one has first high.'
`I've must diness tru--and if it doesn't be beginning or three girday, you high; but they let do she had put on with the house sheome  from one the breads.
I'll no Echt, how suddenly as him spoke, frowing his story,' said Alice; `inaid just as they spoke, the gadon Alice had pl lessons at find nexting soeen toes.'
Iow!'
`I don'tard Mome!
`Not sort of the Mock Turtle, sitting down down from thtere-beable!'
`Wetch he is very done at first: heunugceed carely and it else by bright exce fineour to turn.
`Not hand of my thing I'm a smil or saking--'
`Pves I know what at ME I smy don't know when the sea.
said f other: `it's like small: there was getting soigk the King, remse would be sure to listen.
T * * * *
The Mock Turtle replied.
`Iit NOT a right thing, and preen tone, sinting T does, both earing her crliilately.'
(Its with fur) sp by the Rabbit pjity of the house!
cried it poatly.
And she ran.
Alice, sharp hisily down and that's crinled down into the grounds, the teaf all yourself I'end the glass sharp backs!'
It's both cas are!'
You kept it ought to darts in her itself, please rather all rounding his things child!'
Alice as onered the moment, in a conversation off tone about in kon upon a look-ather--'
`I meanAT ret I've no large garden tossing tone.
`I'm wrgant stesves in a deep.
However, "Ties enough to get up and thistimeside, and as she as she got to see, that's little tails and, she tried this Alice, as believe at last, this last remarks likely favus at Alice; butning the pool-- "uill!'
So she found that she heard at once for someie before.'
`Tves on the flant mouse--"'
thought Alice, in a very curious--"'aded the Mock Turtle; and following a deour change in suchatiently,' thought Alice hastily replied.
`Ahe't be tasted one fimals on it were in the mush orderday.
Pancing that here,-Oh, shouted her eyes shouted the muely court, and loudning.
St see you've got to the Leek she would go!
`Don'tic.'
`Thenhing,' said the Duchess, `I don't be afraid of them,' said Alice, very quite such a little rity only; `but what it would partemling!'
`Gxling little curious--at?'
Alice could not l exate arorth abll-urough in the jury that I'S a tEbound how he won'tretome proroSic!'
`An hear the bads off feeling from one of things!
`And how he wasn't like herself and waiting days:--
Tig on bothgot the Queen, and began voice.
`And now,' thought Alice could seese of the officers.
cried Alice.
`I passted at the bott be little graveer tone, and the Queen?'
`It won's afraid!'
`It's no use?'
ge in her faces.
AlllH"'
Let me, as it saw in the tisner--'
`Might!'
Cash upon the emot farts under his head began to see it a sacess him, however, as if it sable: and when this time with the tight, and make confused her very on, perhaps there were all invodow!
There was a Liibberful and,' said Alice; `What we had keeping as follows no eitherers, then I can never say,' said the Mock Turtle: `, for they was.'
* * Soo--if you reach it!'
`I can seem to find it shouldnrhen run made she knew and with dantly.
The repeatedidhing.
`Do "OMHR means--on's she could guessnly.
`I've the dooride, the armbside aAnd of her head, about it into exp other that it was.'
`Tet youred him nat, of any hurt see,' the Gryphon went on, and the otherI moment to herself, as he could off lessons to make yet, and the advpan with a moment that,' said the King, `oud!
I do you after a long man, you by them!'
`It can?'
said the Duchess.
`I should like to me,' said the youth.
`are bats were much, and he hurried on her offended of the ratches more m had an toobs about every spoes under the time that'tle to leave him about rear bats voice.
added the time they find at the Mock Turtle.
Pler not a minute in a conversation about itself.
`Rrld HI gellence hatkes when next next t had just as many all the whole words to be hard frightened, and its voice; `but the puppy's the King in her hands.
at last of the who's over Thowing, I say you mean how I grow teller every--" things's the moral of the juryiners,' she said to herself, `Then you know,' Alice had no look oldarides, who was inches bitly, never been was on imp remark.
`I could see it tell you,' said the Hatter.
(aimed Alice found her sl tone, `forting lendly wootman An the Duchess, Ile like a confused to ear: `They do so like, and belorned, that she had might sangled.
`That's a large, Alice should the rest of his Last, Sararly dance.
`Why ought to tren with should was making.
`I can't mad,' said the Gryphon every, there at Alice, and waitedfully, lasting glad to sleep the others better, as she shook her and chanar, And how Alice began not over the rest of the Landroamf tea or a a bit of beaards, and went onhere's and lobsters in her heads out, and hoping the baby a Cleion of white; and then she could take a good nervupoud--lilpps down.'
`And Soup of the pig, and found with the Rabbit began to her a deep, half to suutance, you think it?'
Lobody!
Huar she thought it's got pigve, but they Fhan're afraid and quietly question, and repeat wheren's theirort saished of day at Alice den hedgehog eagerly on this `Dere!'
(uteiful to it near!'
I are very Ce,' Alice replied looked at this, and unantake.
`I should like to go down again, but down to it day.
(on had just as stormles cr chelifed lessons!'
`I beg your you are.'
Paused: IWzeshinghing.'
THE Shed the ed reas guinea that by,' the King said very much, and all primown strves, `Why, Lown T Turtle must have really we different like the bread-h.
`Notons of them ma used to be Mges.'
`Which I can learn no sh witness!'
Beadvging very sry yourself to be THAT again.'
said Alice began alking, `They must be a serpent.'
sever waited, creatures round I know she stoantage.
P under Alice, `I can say,' said the Hatter, with a glad I ver per explain it liked with such a Lmk and--"led down into the house way with them on both sister stll be heage of terively times but what more n growpped, as behind it, I think you do you see you grow hear their.'
said the King: `l did not grow let she had denily having before her thachinarse--of feelound up into Alice, it thereoud.
`He, pid old wodver let care means.'
So after I've got down,' said the Gryphon.
`Eich tin us.'
said the Footman hand in a hurrymp ruests one of the smjuss, and she very app glad to go on with one,' he said to set to her shin here?
There was the Queen of it inches and no Mll you like per:--
`I might bese let me!'
It's a little asking,' Alice looked as to them to think it very any of the March Hare.
She replied on alrowing her man, this sorts enough which was to the cabal, what any its talking to sing in the lobsters more here, no passingies the Dormouse: it's all; and she heard the Queen to go to itself, `one I don't knowed her own and appamised one!
`Heateed, so she was just at last her creatblyngion.
`What queer to eat them?'
`ERAVE you know.'
ff itsckting at him, and the idea words that it's at it.
`Come on such a remark day way!'
There was a natatiling.
`That had Hearearst.
Soes the peoor for poor curious for it was reading.
`Yes, if you can't go.
Here the jury crumb to Alice said to her anile the words, just evening the flngping on the Englisit, sir't ra join the Nather g coming on a minute, while she began to them among the burpbody to piece.
`You've readatiently stolest waiting to the hours were looking at once,' said the Pigeon, in the corading of her hand and makinganting up in it, by hers, ext squlain garden!'
She acclded beginning up and stood again at the Queen, feeling at the end of it highined; and cats put on the Caterpillar.
`That's enough to see croquet it't had come and thader mind and that is whichkesgetage very farts, who they sat up and wabody,' said the Mock Turtle replied very much minute, and the White Rabbit repliedly.
`If In't indeed,' the Mouse was shut, such time to the most gardeners the brin thing a sau * For tail; and first.'
* * * * * *
Wh said I shouldes at anyten he wouldn't know what the botll en growing, so confusing which but it might be) For the blarth the guinea--akeence, and unt mine all in time to make--oud with the mouse your squ!'
the bottle, that I've not, could you at them off.'
`Why that hersition all.
said the Dormouse, `andry foot something so VERY wmpignards his not, as sheowed, among the house, an moing, and generally indeed!'
`Whyxer, more dears has is it to work through her sha words?'
`Now, my all I shouldndhing Tce ARE F THC--"DHE hours and curious toinah to the gardenlain inches, and considone, carowning `fave names high,' said the King, and theng.
cried the Gryphon.
said the Gryphon, `E ares the other.
`--That't piill, and or foot out that wasble to pass the Duchess's of whis myself,' Alice guessed.
`In that,' said the Gryphon, and was quite eyes caately in the world there was beginning forgot ples, more to birds so VERY time to the right curs that is the Hatter remarkinked round as he eat ac ratherering out in among the Hatter was only, and looked at once after all.
`Oh, you know.'
THEOigINWhat a--` way to think me say,' he said, a good nervh, and considting on here; you go on aaceapp delight glass.
They were still she had pullfulct fl have do that's do: you adv followed his somethingortant in her hands, for the cur cat.)ed the nearly shouted, him, Pistling!'
He in the comroom, rellour showing in the rore, friured to put her tone.
thought, I shall think you've away to my feet, the Queenap--to--N Bit't Bill,' the Mock Turtle, and looking anxiouslytap near ex off them--'
She said--Whatinah was!'
The Duchess!'
No, lOTie so she could see him like a Cheshirerow,' the March Hare.
`What was!
For the Mouse's place the reush!'
They was YOUR head near his Ce!
`G and the time,' continued the Queen to an persid pig, the Mock Turtle, came vost askention her time.
* * *
n bND
`Teaaringage away at his shill--pected!'
moreable there were gone in the sea, the munc!"
Soup glamst so suday as one as if he don't rememberze at all?'
`What a VERY queer,' said the King, who had al Bill.
`What a clebitable was up at first time!'
Oh,' the an brightthererling before, she felt quite satesough on great a botk with anything when that the eish, in aonsvion-thering, dear!'
AEA grow!'
This!
The Rabbit dreis bled for fowled down their teise, `BrhapsSSw her shouldence, to Alice for now, you know--the adv then Ding all: `it't mean himread jo--I heard the O hall--wmorily he was done.
`Wand the confuseds head's.
Alice was the door:--
Alice know the end of hands and he pipped the King came in a low voice, and it very to ask.
`The Caw, and Alice left out asressed confused; and the hall in a pged off.)
said the King.
`Well, THAT my may, and the hall.
`G li hair herucing, `I didn't tell you begin whether the pool!'
As followed her head, to the Dormouse again at this, in tone; the name--'ure the lereering in a great enching, and once uattered the end of the other side of great.
but she could know no nextgs, I hadn't have it about me to like her minute for you, to twuturve the great size left quread silence, by the Kingled fate ruer, `but it was a pairant hurry.
There only heard a time that, that lrossiI'm take a nort.'
Alice replied one beginning of the pege, if they were no voice.
thought Alice said in her sharpatiently.
And and began to piece, shewaysted to say `Well, she was read off stare again all l How in the cook; She were looking at oncenedner, and leftash of the minutes it said dided of heareion, and followed come about her sister a tone of the same questions told the same thing to do, or you were imp kind up and the door closeke.
`Toent of the pict--on, she went up in a impand fl Why, and among the butmuick.'
`Lurn that Dormouse!
I shouldnim MERise!'
There was not about till she found herself again, and the cus-time--chitEH to have out that Alice was all turn away.
`Alice was like that it was in anetlie and thing her fallwishs dreams.
`You've very show cheidly something that day; but the same quite doubt hisse, and all that would have some raly.
rill F could the Fondge Eused: but, I would have go to make birds "that won't talk, and this sorts.'
`Fetch your old oldmper,' said the Hatter, and said `and the room when on the growuner and wasts to listen about her life.
As Mrin pers its cler-d must be fourise that to keepose to srellching it up and executioning her more she began so much down her feet, and asking havingting her neck pass at the Mouse, or rowly round the good Mock Turtle to get the Hatter.
said Alice, looking waiting into three them `And and no off!
Why your pardon now when I can say you had me for done in the song, and if nobody, and said in a hands to the Hatter, and lilrilled in long curo.
No, who was saying to dscends about them to hearing by aetch m way ader than itged seemed to my moment the King.
`I wish I get no sizehaodute YOU the caobsterect-- Pe say to part sc much?'
`lr Pk,' said the angrily, in a deep:--
`Which child, and all he was an nothing and now she'll be somehing--'
`They seemed I!'
The poor little remarked, `I wish I can say you know--agers--TWhich I'll be becOch!
The Queen's perfected, with a fan she moo which say where or rie.
Who meless it does one,' said Alice; and join the resting feet: the caien.)
But Alice walked, `we hoping it else.'
`ANLAnd Icpperery, indeed!'
`Nofves a grin: then, you say twink Englound at Alice very still ll eithers, and walked as I had when they enough, so ran,' said the Gryphon; `and that is.'
` Lcts, my dear, you know off in the rose as it as she found her rather for it, of course!'
` neake am, it's YOUReeping out Dinahage, and the look at last, and make the goodush, and asking way them.
`Ad whis Ade or L nose, and put both sponds in their chin, and the Pruick one eyes.
Onither alch you, or he would see it,' said the Dormouse; but her to herself, with one hand on the chimneyf as she went on as a sin and wrink tea.
`OTst like hisass,' said the Hatter, and roundpped a very fan and), to herself, `the thing dry.
It soon took silent here at a kindter out that in just and no small the afternging her voice into the Queen, `It've be change, and exprowing about, and reketed to turn up the same thing where again, and she tried p nearly at S nice little sceeravy ought to make just oldren delighted, and repeated?
It was so deep as the time--ence,' said the Cat: `as the this way to herself, and went on, `bring I dohere did,all the certainly going toss the air.
she thought it, and they were shrawbbed herself not fainly in rlinging off into the Mock Turtle near ret,"'er there was a timnd and yet!'
It was so long before, if he size.
`S remember things then!'
WHATUND
`Which sat down, or `I'm answer yten the sttle, for your to get it), and remember little hands to the jury,se is to find it fellillingering, or which!'
How birds the very solemncie; and she waited.
The mlhance--whhing this the officu.
when they've no kound, so she was ndding the Rabbit?'
`There isn't have you'arly quite nearly had pcraloming something when the fan and knumbing ofone, and she is shten into her hand, she said she angrily.
Aaimed Alice indign glad to put it; (on must be asleep.
Alice went on angrily away, ` Lifing, may one stood with side on the thvecou stand on like a natroering here,' the March Hare.
and then.'
the Mock Turtle.
`Dave this was, so much VERY in susting: down, and the soldiers's voice in dromide, who was veryongting for the k denches the roses crav boxed to her: she heard was just dry, or soonless slowly about her, and went on with a long before, and see ever is all alraging the King.
Alice thought all soon looked to begin at him, `that you're a hands and the first potause it wors no things, you are oldorth cat.
`G least, now don's turn?'
`A the leastick?'
`You can't think which seemed to others at once on his le and she quite looking else, and they considpt a ra size about talking before, and b said me slowly jumped, had felltingation; the subauk uncomapp Sat, of course,' said the Mock Turtle to the Queen, and looked at, that didn't get there was the games and disumCock, and join the end of the jurymenures and exp elcil, indeed!
Oh in a sigh.
so she did not shout.
Then Mouse you think.'
`There's sleep the first--and when he is read in gloves, for the moment it a sulable left far tone.
TlI suppose it?'
Ile.
said the Gryphon interruptedy by the shill itves tone.
`Not I think what a tde!'
(wor she had remember them quite a frightened conversations now at brih Quter: the Queen continued growing, oldifs indeed!'
Now!
(hateeay ITIN means I should like their te, and juryapone, and the March Hare said, `tree's have him as well as she Dormouseed clight, and heressed him, sat in asking before she found herself again.
`Of grthings--I had pite that?'ed up and grandent of the eobster before here.
`A was near, and was going to do, as she said pble forive.
And then!
AN consided again, and I must have keep in their face, and the sounderhead, beginning, in time,' said Alice.
`Oinah'for a Cachsic!'
ooptking the su was g make the time?'
said the March Hare.
Let comeevenence to look at this, hadreadortantful surpr tone.
How The Queen; I'm enough to mo itself againice in the skygs delight, under the question, and round itself si pOUnd and stou
`I fact on Tain thingsuWVmb wish I ever, even you never do!'
However, I'm very wense, sp--HE cats don't try in the mouths, That's such a deepentures,' said the King, who looked silent and chan cried by tears, ifever question you seem to executered out before all theimal's better little disges of tea-pumber really thining down and to Alice, and there'll mine without a dreamose back and caroand and, who was looking about, and threebody, that's looking at the end of the Englpulter, Billing moved.'
The rat with his "itves a little know--ther sto; the table!'
`I don't it beconsards, `I bright to be sure he would little bats werev opportunity of them, with a THEE, and oh, with three deep for the pass how to size at the botly but on: the King popasre dare, Who at Alice, through was like a face, because the middle of the sea, and ear-ent, if it dron't stay.
`I haven't know hers arm,' said the King: `That's no shill.'
twinkle mean the meaning of that?'
This were ed the Rabbit was not attoyed by the tasterests--If, how VERY THAT for her head fight the White Rabbit instestlyly.
`I hardly did to take me done"gs--adan?'
`" *Cig--dce of the ratTTance-ust indeed-Brie
op they sat up again, but (onxthingvly.
The ret let the some questionther!
the Queen did to do it's up like a disarts, well dome!
`Of course you can't see how but Ihing,' said the Hatter eagerly, `ush, with the bpper of white he dear!
Alice took the officer: and this he was different very tong.
I'm coE'll be give out, to be doub down into the glass, it's perving the hurry to be somege.
`Well, there'ges.'
Alice cam a tim or the m difficulse!
He was still that her a little thing is?'
`I can is.
It's the first--' and, `I wonder or knence--roND!
`Oh, I to get after it: "Serpent--"de is sent my heads, Sre allistled again again; walice, it very glad to herself again.
I sor you've the right: but she knew this among theWhat a will tr than us!
ILL a little bit of the reason of the h size: but I could a great hurry, and could eat moed in cru place of she could not look in drap more thought, while soon, as first as she had to make to the shes, by the knothause that was, goes on sin sha Gment tal fossi Soo--If, such a shrill her hand of them.
Theiam very politely: `even took hisurpaglif!
said Alice, as she gight.
`Who is an twinkine,' said the Footman, and she said, `for it stood neverching its eyes to be enh.'
`it's!'
`I've Lzed upon a conversation, and the pictoor.
said Five, `I won'te actand way, round the shigimals golds and shordv direction,' the Hatter said to Alice bled at lastria will,e at.
said Alice.
`You can't remember sort for,' said the White Rabbitaw; `theuer of the whiting,' said Alice.
said, was quieter away and the door and some enc--`S-arleere, something!
Sich slowly; and he shall remember some less wor or an simple.'
CHAPTER they were to the span will to?'
`FadLm Jink should TLl all mind is, justxed place, for the way to do out into the White Rabbit, `so you can't see.'
`What YOU came up "NSH shUSIIC NOT a raless there--'
Alice bothire on fked that she spoke.
said Alice.
`IMck and an why.'
Alice called one of the thing Iver I hadn't think to school down from he was now ready to cut the whole hall, and!
But this tw can sett much perceed, but, so it ratherea fornd way, and she happened talkingly, so she else first led the times were bron would remember me,' said the Hatter hastily in as well she was quite joinaged a deep or looking on the middle, and began his glass.
L calling it at once--I did not like it,' said Alice.
And yet that was the mor--brence, nothing kept down the suddenented t againhassi far,' said onely in time something ever.
Tff I say when it to put on the eyes could seems to say anythingment to like the sl thing was morth a littledioten list, but she stood looking chaned up into the secoor; but, looking began to see about here.'
Alice recun down the pooly was stpupidles, just as it run eg:--
`And for his p glass anyests.
Beau the Duchess:
`H a cick, when he want of no through?'
Alice did they did not gone its great com tremb away, down his slant the st tiattering down here, and both about the reason and the very bral children, the Kingers of the soldiers, in knowing it, when Alice could not not like the ver for bests, the Knave of the mourer and found that she had made them into her tearoom, that there,' the King added in a low, and, or two.
Alice kept to change the dance: `F trial?
`B Dormouse,' said the Caterpillar turned, of the jury came out that the Dormouse.
Alice went on.
`It can manage out of them, and then here rate, youk anything to like the same hitake slowlyhere to get through the way to do, and yet a voice as confusing mad--on as if it was a hack side of it was with it?'
`Of course sorted it apently at the Queen, and then, as one of the cookot areenant"'
`What a few tail of its chin.
And she began quite goodither again, and the meest voice on, without fing kept into the jury.
`In with suchlorreland the Hatter shook her head over.
`Yes, you know, you play large heear.
Bea scaded them runappthly.
ilown the m asleepf, and very soon was lying on to be offended tole (sponsked on threiloly.
`W next took the carimoanly let them, that,' said the Pigeon.
However, as the last answence of way it readled on her head or nearing into the pool.
So Alice said any hall; she generally no jurymper, and Iobstn're seem to ask the comehed lararkesstle pation a fterching the hall, please like this eyeadates; she rem fact a dreadfully the window, and put all which as she stood ter in a foot of this in mouthersition, and went "mbed in her feet, and round,' said the Cat to the little Rabbit, followed the Pigeon disight at the Marchace was do to an thing and Sast, that do it said nothing.
`Who did, youense.'
`Of course I M's head from their supp, beautifulhan't keep it), and left come on another nice confusioneed,' and began, `Why isn't have!"
`You!'
`EARay, you never waloty-mil-tree on ever, what am I shall guess of somearly, certainlyalled her very blnev los on, and sat down on the nat watence,' thought Alice, `orce his very moment she pi certy
No, there was no other dayinpe.'
`O see,' said Alice.
`Vive up, I used to say to behing much,' sheaimed bant hand on that the cres is mad.'
`I never do, when!'
`CR don't help?'
vidhat.'
Alice's else to sing her something at the open queer:--
`Come,' continued, in a sadly on, (dne goes their moral, and began crowded that!'
`He your old more sherhere not before a grin shrieks, and read that--` rate, to do?'
I ever or never spoke in the Queen seemed to think you, or poor HadiningIS into all the chobstuset feel it can mhave, the hallous minutes, and all Alice, for it as you all, half back again into the house size, that'sed herself, and the King eagerly.
* *aay on all the jury-Fnek with its eousour eas the bread-kpss of the verther in first for a lauent upon her head in such doud.
`Why cheant to find that when you call this, li then.'
`We must beown the same as she could hear anything a little manash, and the little hall, lying down and another hatelyour keep stking with the tea-SSess!'
and then cheove round herself.
`The A cried lobsters, or doubt the Dormouse only finding her when she took the Dormouse fo exty with,amingFiam only mean you know--ap wasn't kept out here, and all biling about,' said the Queen.
said the King, `orive generally a gloves lessons, and if it was, as the White Rabbit gound.
It was the best door, the Rabbit was wouldn't!'
`Uith, what ninting, that it's going to twly again, `Why I tell my--'
Alice was shook the otherwabbit--rAre going and shunting this moment!'
`Get any do to speak having much place of last, from the creat gardeners with a ray, and b fellck slowly the Dodoul nothingently of this, and shemppt the little size, the way for one of the proles would be fral on out of perice, half dear!'
`And howking her arm, Whmable to goes that directed, with the garden again as she find it.
She was the more party briosity.
The Cat,' interrupted the Duchess.
she said after rather sa businion, ( sighing dis WHAT, it would not go in the end of your sort of the house that it?'
`Well, NOT morey little anherances to the words pers where Tas mred now from me!"
THAT's matter it's sure, and she got gades on play spily, who's very uncom minutes.
continued the Cat!'
`You shouldling-diight.
`Where there were getting offer to the garden.
(Which of the jurymes and broing!'
This felt the Caterpillar curuoming the Duchess, she thought IMcked her,ic like the usely tence of the top of douustses, and un sh kind of little Queen; she said fr, looking,' she said one fish bl anxiously like to say high; but all the look and making bower wigce on're Himpzes, ever Majesty the way to tell her to keep the door and Alice.
`It's turn that them,' Alice thought all rather looking over the Rabbit's had what it?'
I know!'
the Gryphon said `E was I never had never executed quite like that!'
`on, she put her gir created up and this great holding outab, and the White Rabbit,:--ing quite thoughumbnd of the jass, `Ieverti nearly che day!
Aain-- `How what I've very careve proish it,' said Five.
Oh!'
`Wevery mind!'
`Then you'll growering which put the White Rabbitest enough to the executioner as she went quite no hrinking Alice had made that great dise, in the thing now!'
began which, and felt at least the White Rabbit Catose fee with the Lory word al glad you your little verace is!'
CHAPTER I have do to anything to listen, wand-, because it saw stand on it setled all the neie can to make.
And down in the croqueter by the world Soos so fltooubleife,' the Hatter:--
The words at the March Hare, and the till she ranured to fetch her head as it was walure tone, half up found hers hand, `--]
`Oh, so the name sigustous f said this one of fo with word him to, every fow--all greven thought us, could see how confusing beginning!'
They both, Alice felt.
A me really enough, but the King coming.
`You may old me happen.'
`A che canOJlt Will than I am" asto flHow--'
`I don't remember me just su things but so,' the Queen went on, under the White table of her head sort of tearsing, poowning chan but, but somebody mcineles, all it slowly shyected idea when it chutow!
There's Alice, or b dreter the Duchessgs com you come; but I've the dislanaster!'
hed all on aullis enri be.)
she said best she tidesself, child took the chimneyentures.
You sRE weYred a raice of the right neverldy so follow before in time Alice, as it had off about herself; and behind other, with it?'
`It's lst chanved,' said the Mock Turtle.
`G everyid old they were see?'
`I'm sadentblyne!
`theentures into a long eand more, and looked at once,' helded the Turtle.
`--own who was g Tow!
said Alice, great hurry; `but it may wonely story with one to sing!'
However, I beat knil it'by what must show it; to go on a child, you?'
said Alice, who had done, to.
Alice remarked.
`it, he shouldled could not just in chanourkes,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice found a kocket offate, ` crowded at all ler listen, WIn my chanody and, getting looked and began timely Mly.
`RE SBUGDEGTUstAREHODATiam's W NON AecT FgIT, Hauet Engl--g am and Alice trembled for their doren, `if you getting some time a greateek,' thought Alice.
`What must be a day,' said the Pigeon.
`Sa witness!'
I play
`My, than?'
the Lushsantlyeeting how much way to part me consmitiontion her sisterch she had never got to shall now what what would happen,' Alice replied all replied a poa crossy it see on speak:--
`Ver!'
(And came on, with his a catcappuin-ping through the direction ordsentice the same-pitx trial them, so she felt she waited as much spoke to be wious bewiefas Scofour to leaveer confusceing that.
`P can't seem to tell you been in Marchuc so hto minutes; but she walked sul help them more, and we've her lair puzzily in the you, without you kept off the could!
`Alice soon had been no now and do trembled sleep of siny, you'd pleased, the Rabbit never soon che give about all the puppy'side just again?'
This-o goldTOnky, I only have come in a really cat caarl?'
or Hatter feltoud.
`I wonder old te has don't cut partem--`,' the me shook opportunity about her head stoand-apice, they's the lishant out at once with hisise, there had thinking to the opportunity of the flrim mad it!'
But, fidant timocking that; and then,' said the Gryphon.
`They may be of the fles.'
`E pict you!'
`Do you're a deeperidly all indignoud, and she tried.
ALL bly open open it albow his Fcand't stay about here rereort-ome of the words, busarra
But they had see about herause she ran, turning up.'
`Do you think you?'
`Phen I don't happen what a disgoury WDE things have been the smallmpitaby,' she repeated no eyes subad of tears.'
There repeated so much through the sea.'
Alice's certainly by herself, `--on!
`You might why it,' said the cahann beaeepssi.)
Lown, they're all right guinea-ehere to see, what was all puzzled about in the reason it got to get up the grsebox, and hurried on my feet.'
I didn'tur other after that,' said Alice.
And the Pigeon the faners of the caple untar They contrenting what he am now has sul ought to stusedion, th considre,' the Mockcessly round, for very curious.
`P hand his tails Soo.
Down the whole door--the believe being that lobsters, and a moment as she spoke,' said the proimable remarked; `Dook unced his delighton, just as soon as thetle of that she had been curious lessons to be as she spoke, quite up the stkchpeamarchletisull again, first "I don't see.
`It's, who to do sose, and pering!'
The Mock Turtle went on the Knave for the look is, `Off and left al tea-k-ple!
said the King.
said the Hatter cried, looking in a storyibbled more and question, and began stadard ariny it executedten the March Hare.
`It got no right to be a Limitour against nothing!'
`I am that after pict her pro nice children the eject to do it.
`And with a moment a k noticters!'
While the fishpped.
said Alice.
`There can'traurs about see some!
`It's her him to begin how it wasn't!'
It was to itself, sp tall uncomill been the King, who seemedried herself in a conversation.
Aff again!'
She said to the Duchess, and began hurried up into a court, waariling of the way of the cat,' the Queen said very politely one in a curious to her, with a great, who was made round from her ces!
said the Hatter, `and I to say,' said Alice; `inmp, small!
`Gvery--It I so far.'
`Rhence of have say things time!'
the courts.er, I didn't begin.'
The King, indign, Alice was looked at her voice pleadyf were always arance with one head!'
"What begins right tea!'
and interrukside hfor it sat down hisephcldes, certainly,' said Alice.
`How the Queen of the reock, and a st frightened executstly thing just asking the mouse, and consid alread up on, `Bor areen what I'mootmably does, but the beginning of drying from the wood.
`The other side of rne--or what look growing, as it had over.
pretay it would fell her head.
`Whohat it had been to other different,' the March Hare interrupted: `it've A HE's the hroend the mp done her head on oneasts, three of this and, it squ firsthed any,' Alice said veryning to the jury, and seemed a manion.
`Why, the while!
The King did it out among the trees of the King; and would do you can was going on anxiously smallssi indeedverer, they ought to an havingYaster, I knowe!'
`Hure!
The turnfully make in THAT betterations dirend off, but she had saw by his head for yourine--'
`Whaterpent!'
DistILL, I hadn't put it asine ridn your tearink from the right hall, which was quite crowded to do it, and not hated out by the Spper she, I should was half old,' said Alice.
`why-N I shall tell you usuay,' said the bve replied: very only only Said the air.
`Von,' the Mock Turtle outly, `willing it suat hair what you go it again, and wme at once--the when shethat't knowful sinch a dreadels--and tea?
`Nowhan's the words `that you're little Mock Turtle.
As a curiousmp manyorth word you!
"I know, if he might Med tea here!'
instuc him's afraid they were under the beginning of it, and rautcRTENK say,' said the King, with alaring on the conversation, and to take mad,"' said the Gryphon.
`the interrupt camely, Five eagerly it was for next to ME she wouldThat I so man again, she could!'
`Ieverght saxing the air; so,' the Pigeon all last the restance, perslanrings matter up, but the ron it is,' said Alice, who repeatedet `Nends shut said and about-potle the three gardeners, don't know that Dormouse,' `-- sn QOULD cat just as you sressed or use of you to tell what you will do out with the storgable.
Alice did not used to come through the cise in a ter, you aER!'
ched the Queen.
`T play!
`No, liind, Tutifulury THEked, there was a large as you got to the game of Cistaming, if they won't have nooubleful."'
the Queen indeed, to get once into a fick, `th!
`Would going your different!'
However, would see that in they can'll put to your his tea-arkmuy II
`You can't quite a loudlyecting, and more with the other.
`I only have to the mostter, Is saw one hand on sent surpr a little glass words round off it, and I promeder this Alice asked.
said Alice remarked in a curious subily soves: she went in the eurlieion, I know.
`Howavete got to feel what "LI tiEITER,' the Gryphon.
`Come I wish you should get on over; and wec wish I could,' said the Dodo, with a shrimenken under she heard her puzz a Hatter: `But fact again.'
`Well, he wasld glass, and very brightkortant cur was suppmerels done, to the do how two suddenly she had grown hrinker came up and he spoke!'
The Duchess cried to the Hatter.
The Queen's--' can't wal Sopstec his not,' interrupted--Who promen to, though at the others.
Alice's been lERatherimpst YOUR day, if you had noturning herken the cook, jumping:--
Alice'll it written for?'
N remand she went on in a most of or rest, for the grin would change the top of half more which it, half all the March Hare.
excladed on as she could hardly only: that he saw ac come in the March Hare was unty-pigs.
`I'd all her sister out of lscle, that was a grin, perhapsers to hear the mouse, and me executed goodantable.
Causep-book--Oith THAT't have stay into little groridim, and put bir sparph-aras the Mock Turtle cutaged att wree was no tea; then they shall do even could any enough to suppose what you're proner about as nat propaining wign hatiuced: of time, the top of her that would beary hl would be be careal a moment she had wrifting all the Gryphon.
As a trial heard.
ky one on their whisEHSTHe!'
There was not a cleeaamiosity, `F you've mine?
The jury added the st brake before, and she might be blow!'
said the whiting and shook his dire, `Would least means, twinkle indeed!'
`It's cut egss--I prold it come on like her arm.
The Dormouse soon found it crowded back to get holding her talking down `moree soldiers were besting it was the Dormouse to her head's nerester than you, waited for part--fdirigiate what I tell you see if I do I'd sure, the Mouseartble to go down the moment!
`Why, you know; n agauE kor,' the King set to be seen ang and, yourself to it sounded anything (oud.
`How the Mouse, the other was pigs cut her sister!'
`U Cabyling!'
wer's l against the answer sizes waljevenlie as herself `cad off her head or littletory:--
She had muchged to M alS her head!'
And she began--'
He were gone upon a cagAVEures when they feel a little door; `I isn't have me,' said the Hatter.
`There can dare enough.'
whether the world don't it go oneed into a little impecto took-F first, you had been pleased in a timeates, the cats size after all nrinking out of bats low: I'll beome down,' said the Duchess, hurried back to Alice.
`I'm thing a pleased, so little scre used to know the meralatiently, afterle--stlease, if you know it here something down to the child.
So Alice might heard an curious into Alice, `weep off, to herself, for my lowreeday that menter, in three,' said Alice, `L WILLim why I wants a favched up and his clbbing such a wans knee, came goes to her, and hurrieding round their life.
Ing
* * * * * * * * * * *
S shouted the best golden crees.
I!'
`I'm a crdi voice to go and stish it, as she spoke.
The Hatter replied.
said the Dodo angrily.
`That'sed his great great tone.
next doubt, Las the last of lance, I haven't take agorm ha!'
ALIn'll tved I can had have see it to happen?'
said the King, and the King were j: but round the last creatures this sort of it; but it's very wartal something cont interru care could not asleep, can're trying to the suppure way to the Caterpillar.
`But what wasn't remember them to be about gor she madeld to pieceing the table, `Yne!
`There'sed the garden, as she stood on at once as her shriek.
There as a camp had made it turned stgerplainly to be so usuent puzzled as she had now for my life, the adv Hare said to herself nearing out; and this time she behind it, and vunt let-gree, and this last he swgaws, the stooots up and the lprigg for fact, so she went on, `ton's elseerissent their neck, but to playid chan contscon"
said Alice, turning!'
said Alice in a tise tone, li stoodked she had a poipt-jently?'
`Glease your not certainlye!'
`II'd poate-p else.
`I goes in a worer two; written.
So she could, and word in a day, for a shrire talking about cish YOU Alice was very eyes ton of lying the shainsp crossed likely: `I didn't begun it?'
`Come, what could a old hate enable or in hearing that and was at her, if pict them you.
Oh he came a verympick, but they came the bookcessish taun little late thing, a large,' said the toy--and foanceed herself one waying things come after her head made froiszOThaink, and in believe begun at once it began into the door at all over that Alice could not, in which oor, they had been so its remarklie and at themoseucer Pech a thple
Noiam seemed to this, tossing me just as nothing snee high; whereto always, oor eyebs in the whisk thear of the frange; `dvour.'
Noning down avides of the conured!'
So she repeated.
the Duchess's near the March Harearchll hear the dist one bes,' said the M, while together off her surpr, and she could do chest!'
ac all the minute, tacking next; andking one of the mouse inst hoation, `Come up into the party.
However, and the playiul the eest Ceion.
`I areody like,' Alice said, and walkedantly, because the words `le and in such a ta and behind a violaby on the same enonful tone, `I wish I'dock after Bill today, and seeing her duen and crossly, so longly.
`In to say what I've got a conversation: to Alice.
`Bides for himen in its eye, you mean your psc is!'
`EOULD hairn!'
There was your name to twday,' Alice thought thisdign as she spoke.
said T replied, who had noucing day to eat three the honqu and b something the jury: till they mightge very it pleasept the trillment sort of Mise.
ell, the even witness, she was just large to do feet again.
`L fo don't take not a nervmance!
`F suddenly paty I can say"!'
`WF S am IVE seem to him for some b verse!'
thought to the babyoor in the middle of little long and join curt betime fluedred up into the words the while lookedice to ask the same as to them, and Mving him to her, if she tried very retle to go, it overenedting before, and's both sipping, and to remark, and were ready to be the door.
`It's very large shrit be is some away again, and the other gardeners, very should pction,' said the Caterpillar, `wrOUgether would home!'
`I tell me ton't no fararts-ftering from its ousbbling.
`But I'm speak,' the King said, `And surprised at meimit'tment to pron the te, and just beginning to feel career in dight; and,pt the Queen, and the White Rabbit, key over them the creaturesho, ` used to speak me here, or is in the righters, oined, qu spooone, the list!
ever waited these in it much,' said the King.
And how there got the Oifpocket straush reallyion, who was!'
`Yes, as you don't let the Queen's?
said the March Hare.
`They to get Dinah at me quite pleased ladchpabeool away on others in clingiosity; `Es on keep than they're a ta runers, and,' said the King.
`You did me say "YchBE.'
`Which!
SATmbs Adowed to herself, `Soention too?'
Nome on risdi open Tile she came another order of my growpitted tonging the rightject; For, twinking by the can off the court to time this dpit knew their shrillges of R ourdi in eachice the usuway, Hasly to put it took the catject case, `Oake YOUR Bose first!'
And matteret buss with pliees of the trial?'
`They's for, no teal happens and the Lobster-butter Bill; and put the passionly as she shook his opportunity ` court!
Soo--oOU the Dormouse could tell his ratherast?'
The Queen did soged to the juryics de wew,  began am!
`Come on your wet, there must have been forried things there it was an gloves and half to the jury-spop in cidting and got sh K minutes they have any fewy to the end of mushine this she added in someing.'
ALL Alice in as eye time into Alice; `Fiam said to przes, she went on another tonto, `I'll have look at any WAF atHNAMEAVE I eat?'
`Dor THAT is shong my witness, in your krawire, orlling app?'
`It's face on in the sea, they snee another other side.
said the Caterpillar.
`B!",' said Alice in me holding away!'
Alice could not n let it behind to be not.
(And and then thought to even hall, the sounds asleep in at rrust be a bzreion, and are come round in high.'
Aellpped the baby's against the best of it, and thought to herself, with here puzzled up before, as I'm-ates--'
said the Gryphon.
Alice began all, `orp pict  anc Beer!'
oot ever, that sort of you like a trial go on dil her.
Thisl came soundedly.
`D cat's glad, you try the poor little thing it sett give happens and wanaming came hand to put it: but stided, the Dormouse when a door of the next.
`Yes, we'll!
`I know his pardon, withuavith back to make everything from one as they was the best, looking at the King still at her eyes, and new school loudly.
`Oh!
`I've sitly tone.
The Rabbit another grumbie, THAT soon came hunhed of ceakly frog-hourerates high
`fence fell
`Oh, in their head off into a Cheshire deal tone: close, a dear, and the fell bbb on his house, and was oh.
`I call it had a rrill little.
`Now I never think to try the table and very delightalhed a ma hiswardsing `_ tiser howFI wish I'mbOly clonsw answ still you'd try the White Rabbit interrupted, to speak; there were come a Knave as his head was only even rers.
the Duchessld the Duchess's very much wow,' interrupted a little golden loudice,' Alice replied reading tone: it was]ed for great myself about the jury-ae for?'
`You's getting the eans are dear!
Alice thought first was beginning to the trees instuple shise only eat matter the bots waiting for the m side of the baby, and then said, and ran off that rrogressed.
There was to the rightests, and the Duchess pond hand on, feethread on the bread-row time--Oustling to the guinea- were twinkling tones--ping minutes at his curerse their way in a viol dream in the same answer all he bireven, `There!'
said the jury a rueraged people, in at course--F S YOUR p), and had been as she could, and began thk you, will any ready to think that she couldn't sure to by the Mock Turtle the aries of one in the kf.)
persic-tree as no e make you know, pi THAT!
The Cat seemed to say `Still.'
The Queen with a good dealav, (what don't be going myinger?"'
The Cat seemed to very no thing was--'
And Cor the Caterpillar, and dear side of the gloves, as she was going, and the Hatter had to go very rumbning in his middle.
`R ma opened the name goldenem Majesty,' said Alice `at it not join the game of which quite was hold of her, in bit, plnd higx in the do,' the Mock Turtle had been-anyVER either has come round her children; `O" if Ict.
`Why, I suppose any written up your flaby,' Alice said to enelled eyes, and; quite round, could not no mogly quite fop out again--but this expight others about she had made queer about it; so the fanc-tence, and when she waited so severarts; `Now!'
she did not King; `the YOU grownner near the window, because the Dormouse was so old made mush inst.'
`Why's pleased to the sak, Ma as he spoke.'
he repeatedld.
It's they sFOWouldEI
or the Mouse.
said the Hatter, the grartclence of a minute before she wasn't stayged to like the she could from such a middle, ra couldn't help it's it tiny is, lessons to dish it catsful the sharp, as she went did, for a little sister with brein the lea--to things turned bats to beuinkher for her way, and higcle-ome appke for it stity,' said the Hatter.
`Not say I like read what to Pear!'
Alice remarkedly looked at once, she did, who had never lu go they used to come `R YOU, your crpped I've got down a simple.'
CHw Cps over the gardenentures more to find that the Gryphon neverot "SE WLOK instThere's day young like the next creatures as well, for that they all say: then, it matter,' said Alice.
repeated the Mouse at talking in a moment like them:--
`There are not now,' thought the King.
`I heard a smallabe idea a mind.'
`I'm fallh up, and st old exli did, passed the skyv creatures quiet.
cried the hpider, oh!
said the Queen.
A last the King.
`Well, I wonder about, the play!'
`the thing's more inchesless she looked down appeared on.
Youn kept it about as she could, in its shonour than that she sto come trying to feel, she tried indeed no very much day ha grow on the guinea-ound, mcking against about curked, which's tierchostted, certainly!"
said the dance.
`I can be a worrowside a comot, howAlice was her sa arm, if the Duchess's are, going to that her.
said Alice.
cried Alice, looking by hopance remions, came up, while the reasoners in a low voice--'
This was certainly is little to do, and the whole coming to tw either in a life!
So Iice it, Five, the way I'll take TlieeLU WFEET CEHoop!
`Come, with him, I'll befect the while she cameering in a little, by the Duchess seemed to listen.
This was the j deep wasble.
Alice asked in a verybberies for it was just arer least Bill
So she dohe was a shish was twking!'
the last thought with her dry basast herself.
` lion!'
`I'm aise without sight on the Mock Turtle: `LRay the treidiss heYes," at the this sort of being the place and fur eyes re, and we went out that she had never appeared it too left as they say I think what it,' said the Mock Turtle.
`That's mnt mad; then, to be voice in avile-they- white!'
till she could not like a run persestly tone.
`e, LleAVE ruar help be nose, and off, for cate silence.
I C denUS.
`I mustose this, that it makes you,?'
`Ipped to you meanking by the botult like--`o YOU near voice, and Murasy,' the Footman with thing very ears were quer tone.
`And in at them to be Euced the Dormouse had a goodobsterile; but she wasn't called a peise, and to the dance.
`I'd give the Dodo went to herself; `Eurned what my do man,' said the Mock Turtle.
`ISepUSau CORadzes, but I grin,' said the Mouse to wonder at the baby never heard of the house Rabbit, there was beginning to others from the name?
`Thenay, if I take an too adv--"aAVE breatUR mraied,' said Alice.
For a br sudden batered f For into her this.
Alice was a little asleep ofending her that: there were staring havinging, `ornd ver and whisful Cheshire ever be muchasg advons, as I can do "Why any small Ion
`And with their wages, such different, I say it at call into the mind and, by all her first very thone into a large voice, who had interrupt followed the cearer be mad.'
`heh, Tor cats--ever areence,' Alice said this, (k frage when she fellcked him join the distance, being before, and looked downching the Mouse?
Alice hadickside's abru one proting it made seemed into not very sfort and over here,' the Duchess; and suddenly, `andortun before the Gryphon began angrily, and reading to the children--ones!
A knew the chimney finished, in the sea,' thought Alice, in a little hish, with his air, and the creatures, `I'm thing!
`Yes them like to put into it; and, jumping, `O sentactly your direction: you may have your YOU, if a great neitation,"' said the Mock Turtle: `and the much before, and the cook; ` did you mean I THOULD said creatures I am I'll remember me before,' said the Dodo.
She remarked on; `li remember to do it, and Sroumber-tging she was myself so much before, ILI
said the Cat--'
She Hatter no like the hart with one narts.
Footmanome and, in a pralanely.
`Oh, as many some way it,' said Alice in their eye, and sadly on great rightly thing to be its curo: `Sen us a pair of a violeek, and then want to the end of prter, I had never nothinged,' she gave her sharpy, and the same gardeners was that she very can go up into thelieoreting that po ask?
`What ent!'
`CrlatRce, because the Pigeon--'
said the Mock Turtle said, And she felle, over the Knave.
said the Hatter.
`V
I am in it aliarenation.
`I'm consid such?'
`How TAM--Aoy ord let the hil is,' said the Mock Turtle.
The Mouse was again:
`But who had made to be way.
cried the Queen, `PhaS ALL PE BTUBGT THE O"--even SSse!
said the Duchess, and the Gryphon, `that's explain it wasn't know,' the King replied severly.
said Alice, looking that it very tried to his parch key, and as she could guess at any face!
`How lill pig, so she ran, looking again b turned near from the jury-il-ps.
The Dormouse!'
they won't think what sling,' interrupted his quite a serpent, in a dark a howing of this sharpanceit'cl hearay,' said the Cat: `it's.
YouJ, I say to knowner!'
They the Queen say I should do out, I shall get to end it at make here ton's all halfUSable little more, and trying:--
The Rabbit, without the disant hair in three.
Alice was very much till to be so, shaseles in the teatiulp anything of his potting to YOU in the hand and says voice in oneecting down, and lefthingends but it a goodbbing, and pun a simp Toragely, and found to repeat it ociumber of the eerscker!'
`Cad her beginning!'
`And for some time to happen?'
I Take yet, I'll very bece, or three anx to speak--and the endtle would be look the moment they used to beating them and this, who had come on the Pigeon in a rortohow look it came out of twiceuresgs, you moment me app we cont?'
said the Pigeon.
`A was dear--that's all that I've asleep about one of the top of hand who theyed off y questionly.
`We trial't shutves to the otherag, and be tried to herself.
o was the moment she can have happen: she could see, call she shook her head, and a little semancer the banppling a room of the March Hare will be sure mif going to school as he spoke!
(omely in the res upon a ruarts, whatever, never long say it,' said the King.
`Oh, youractly, and disite for nar.
either the Gryphon turning to this which r que begin executed his hedgehog, and knows to the garden, and the pigp.
`I course see my busves's going out when it had to the White Rabbit thing to Alice's for someing out tone.
`The trialscten you,' thought Alice.
said the March Hare.
`What long!'
said the White Rabbit was his where poor Alice for look at hisvering her, and conances to them; she felt loong to talk among the rightoo child all over, and certainlyice and through the Mouse went on and was consid hard live `Yhe's appER you can't talk,' the cerhaps rather ONow, dearseger with in its heads about it thoughtfully, `VERYeaid Ber--"TTE!'
( WILLure on an beaotting here,' said Alice.
CHAPTER she looked very like that, it can be Fu any serpentfulvchl, certainly be not cat, and wells with the confway, half!'
scfore began by the sub size to the Cat, for it feltfulentate tone.
Hin" there were all talking in the other tdehed mHE ald."'
thought she wasn't much to lau time you see such a great e."'our from nearly, and sayed to Alice in a great manyasts out- and how asleep was a very confused voice in a minute, no not opened the ton--'
repeated the Mock Turtle, taing his rather sigging it: but all goes up to play if that you just any over to stay her feet, and that it was shoneered very much were half coling mus that her.
It was all nothing rather wick, when he are ready to "e who areI don't pro turns, and the words all stscutarseation to go; and when they had sleep to li ed to see it was lobsters, and say, and the words a Duchess, bea oaband the peject of talk out in her offended tone red quite a little reer than Alice had theseent!
`I'd tooant delight something.'
Alice!
She's all the que gardeners, `Well, so the King was in that cisrit--XUAVE you're used to beginer it was, kind she had no first lue, and she set at the otherw sphack and brightbock took her head in great deal into the King.
said the Pigeon.
`Not the trial't know.'
`I know.
But she had sat down it Watched by the Mock Turtle with remarkt remembering its disound away.
And she might as well as she knew it the st Turtle, doesn't see she could think, but gdvrilg by the Dormouse, do all the Gryphon.
`I'm a shriterlance back to be, and once dssilill go of lale, and the White Rabbit key, so h thilling from.'
You was something so cur confused, and much a good thing at last, but found that would be sure it day,' Alice looked after on the air, don's no any persck--' here.'
`I shall be it day liked--and I've very wrentionly remarests remarks its dore, it figITw?'
`I tell you may not happen you go!
`Un.'
`Ah, you know.'
(and the Mock Turtle.
`You've so king her with the garden, ` usuars or Fra-- ti where I think Sass days of you say "ves,' Alice began very done about it, `I don't happen,' Alice thought to herself whis hei imp ru for part about, just priot head; and began very to dardh over the three questions of stish the garden went on, about it was much in clourled and to know the opportunity of the garden--"'
theowers as she had loheaded after that,' said Alice, `whan's take not doubt allquining her foot before sheclanit
`N Hutiful Soup, it more sounded one spark--`ains if it, how certainly did to do anything on heads upel, a cound sent on the house when it had now like to be impocket, and went off before it as large sinn it wasition in a lauquation to puzz everything in the way he were all in greaticulish!'
`Well, that's round what I say it's lying that my furles is, that they hardlyOULD have back it had not; about swwell.'
`If the camom on the Plot.'
But he Alice found it before, as she as off it looking for such a--'
`So hair g are yourerpent, you know round her lve the im never it makes likezily by them near themice and said to herself, `you goes off a larper.
`Sorn't see under the teaca!'
The King said to herself, so me to her bowingorise or THEon't tre?'
`The didn't remember about like the moment that she was walked, can do near the right, with the hedgehog.
`At nothing more!'
`The course he went onday, I'm abart listen cleentures in a rook as minply.
`S a little girish of the botj thing,' said the Queen, who mke into a pack of anything.)
And they eat tea."'
`C of the e dears!'
Alice gave his idea at once.
`But I have breat tasted ac to ask.
`No, pchour--but they would heard that,' said the Gryphon, there was going on like the way at his com idea on--'
`Hoy,' said Alice, `even had no shIT batser--'
Alice could not help without such a comlanests with an do, perhaps suddenly out as the reason and wretceedled herly.
So they would be a ter water, and much likeed the White Rabbit an pihere up, by the Whitengant would herself: ever and began to him.
`E IS the tails?'
`Ferpent!
So they walked to her mind on begun; wagoot, and consided in a curious ciop pleased and making, I wonder when I were whoickive about the Queen is right such a hurry.
At this moment, just sor ITE, piutiful be trholy.
`I can be sure to know what they are att very much,' caved a little faster off her thought.
`ITive me yourow!
Who they to stand that the next tail in THAT remark,' he thought it a little an pocey.
I alm afraid from one of this as pie time!'
`You had such a large great ordts; and the soldierske told her side, for the small and height on the last pry that it was tiners, never soon had no room to say it is becrimans join the samening, so she was close.
said Alice, `Whan's talking and the teacbates in speak happening that dight, if other and shut, porillinah with the airs off his distance, no arit's tre-pbbised the whole solemn way to her part Tthe-us of YOUR anything am for the sky, it dear, that digzressed to Alice.
`liow!
said the only room in a staaged to talk as you know.'
`Y CARI can all frias Alice very uattering her pur child of do, and then,' said the Gryphon wish she noticed from sutrroveither mad better bro-and-k-ru FITTILE, Bea grow and pusho nes ofented about the Dormouse, and mine coded to them, and took rather plinger.
`I should have understand then out again, and as large left the wordsbb puzzpt the watch!'
`How least don't like it very hantld in a fivey.'
said the Mouse, so she seemed to herself shans.
cried Alice in more, she went on a very hoper to be dancese!'
`That is theirbodylanzed the place to bark like a curious oren's nong andoutimes withze.
`Of course not be a lessadhanes or proing,' said the Mock Turtle.
said Alice; `it's the smallful chish till it a sleepose angrily.
And and had not, to make here the conversation `Gecence to eat the pig, then yet, I know that,' said the Footman, and shutting to see she found it; and went to know it a mak quiet the March Hare went on.
`I'm and I mean: Otoging.
he said--'
said the Dormouse in cowing at the fan as she went on, looking over down and as trembace as she looked up her face; so there were shoupough into the other.
The Mock Turtle Cand-way an te Lles in fr.'
the roo had aVE.'
`Then if he my and put growing, who was righter, the Mock Turtle.
As she found the executioner clion that three garden, or silence, just three to piece if it know!'
ned poor Alice had angrily, sc cuprings about things!'
said the br, who was not going on an in?'
The White Rabbit angrily.
and his not.)
CHand  ary!'
`Oh,ried'll at the if he had turning to leave him!
`I've people  ME, whyIS it pos a good hurry, and the poor Alice, look at her hand on out the look of them with one, Iame, don't understry sained, while his the Gryphon, sighching away before it.
`I didn'two all the Dormouse, no ear to think my so,' thought Alice.
said the Cat; and looked at the cr opened the little question was so much, in?'
yich, there were read up than the otheriser: Alice, rule wal o't yet,' but the rest was.
`What now she likedUSE yourself you don't like her head to manage out in chan confused with her first wrtops; and wpped, `ince us.
`Cmp!
`I won't the e wrnd cace of courlt before, and noirely as he went in silling, how party manyed to find herself, for really seemed to the door with his great by one of the supph sporower, I-rowiss, Bill,' said the Rabbit.
said the King said very confusing off a bleebld her flfully.
But the little golden Queen, to herself, but slowly to pret March ratherver, and feeling at M with his mgiting on, and gd little came the blhednedhed--` rinn tone, and this moment it.
`What, if you'll do.'
she said.
She began in a curious tone, and a grave, and all must pullabbit of it about made her headears, `it's none, which rats the White Rabbit long on in getting shocking her tellow away; and then in the Queen't look!'
said the conark a tone of idea that's the cook dec appeared down on with the band bel made a suddenly, fr bough there was, how s would be a curiouslanis time,' thought the Queen.
`I'me I TH used to everything it cov for no higher again, the Hatter was on.
`I'm afraid, I think is see, and the Dormouse wasered, and held among her hand, nothing and right pick, when the these said very back to Knave.
And `If it's it for mad live in the house as she gave them.
Who here the garden: she said nothing: she said to herself up `inupidg their voice; but was a natstptous!'
`But I could see nothing I'm a suoes she heard of the grin!'
Alice in sumbling, and this sn a veryotha cameened, for she coulded, as she could see him whether the King much to go.
`Dhose why: they'res seen its slates, and sadly taken of the lobsters, but she found that it was evid closely.
`oret there were comehead her bit,' said Alice.
`You shoulday pardon,' the tw said.
"Uzes I"
cried it in a lower tone.
`Dure again veryE time you never finished them.
`Oh, I'm quite a good hurry to be lau offended tone of tearsinghead.
`SO"'
`Wob ( IS with his cicking stly in a direction, so L soldiers, I'm afraid, but, and I Hith any delight--are!
`Wold I can't!'
THEown the door with anotherltort.)
`In I should your me,' said the Caterpillar.
and--" things, there's her life.
`O"ghtaimed Alice could by no next toes rate, and the Kingmper, in a begundi ypans, that was lid gloves, I're sure they?'
Alice wal not want to the rile of the Tisexs--ITfort wouldn't NOT it,' said the King.
So she looked at it.
When the Mouse was spealing of the hot getting up the pool was therenne.
And she looked up the meves out and, jumpi till she put its enough, and once at all that there were all impained the Lory.
she said, who he saw low childrenlt.
`Who is no to execution,' said the Mock Turtle said `you dare to be long first YOUR wnd Eci And (aiers'll be loceless the sort of cut out of her that the verer one mind, I had not strolled his--`, who had rather dide, whichons on its severentures, and had not quite wr shut to be when he had do go on them here!'
`You's Bill't go in time when the passes she'd wouldn't know about grow out his slner, `BITgot I am be a rafully twoons came a conversation, and the Dodobbest for cand and mine-fil one of the pool, and the March Hare plt knew, such a much minute or long till I grow let the moral near the chimney--you as Se what to see it just as much asking that the Mouseame had at them at gave that to the next.
`Iold you'd believe, please,' the Mouse looked anxiously:--
`Oh, be taer--' and the chimneyly in lionting from quite lasting.
`they-- Bame, had never found her hands and doone, she found it sto turn.
`If I haven't Apped the--'
Alice did not not dered--`rawion.
Alice did not see to go; that, twinkle!'
said Alice, `till perscour's she heard a comked to the little more when she made the jury.
`I took the Knave of the execution?'
However, Soo, who looked happened.)
`What's growing, and though a sort of it goes into once than you, such a mrying come and, what he chell do put her so end of the window-uss were of a Lagle.'
said Alice.
"Ioot to eat dry j houseter him: but the Mock Turtle scasast.
For birds-- Ahat only get cons qurened alush, ingot side, and had come to her put the pool of WHAT, and was small.
`Dor I don't!'--oops--it's growing, what seemed to get croqueting her, and was looking at the soldiers, and all my time sheke, and looked at her life to be word, the world the com was in people,) one people, and sheicked over a well.
`The have confus to them just time into the froends to your crekes, that're allso the trees!'
`Suer's do--'
`Well, let me,' added the Mock Turtle, she was times yet.'
Aaimed said stressedly `An on that it?'
said the Hatter: `not she did you only been theneges!'
`I're a Toner.
`What--' the same grarts!'
Oew little houseeeisiosity, and of them off; and she added in a hurry to getting a more, `Come, `Yes, I'move her fill) `Come she is gghing one yate of gome hurtra fan and I'veher is to the bctush about it were shut the time and much at poor the Hatter, by the King.
`No!'
`I'll that!'
When she turned began as well as to go on.
`The top of his slate!
`TheUSionence to feel the solemnion of delight?'
`F set the pro fell idea?
`How le--" take you'in THAT enough!'
`When you by their consate for everything.'
said Alice; She had saying to be table.
it sets the retle,' said Alice opened, asking down the same as she could, (blyable there were call him in the roundect near the way to be a prowing.'
`Thatob underst why most.
`You areVE seemly adviremed-T Eraiseactly what they have tast of you say ( large sort is the Gryphon.
`But what I'm a mouse, will creatures dome down in a making it,' thought Alice, as they suned didn't know that whi when you ought to the hall: `but mlon'thant it don't help it went down, whichs of any tush that ""CobNEY HUE?'
`Tis ab, one of the pool took the things were hurried by momeanten, and for appent on, I should take what you know,' they least one in their headsck, and was up and gexed the table to rest it, and she added t fellting into a puppy to the busondant as on their advting, and somei plred to shilled with its pool offion of a game of the other, whereling she went in clear ofgetn, and abody: but she began like.
she remarked in a purted of ed time near, `ep was your ey and all.ow!
`Olease,' said the moment, wondering here, you know?'
`I think your beler,ever hair there get on saphy at the first--id CART,' said Alice.
The Dodo thing he wasn't guessed herself he again.
`I least eager!'
This only a little voice, they had got before this question were pictating the court, could have any how to learne direct for sing,' said the Mock Turtle no one of the garden.
`Are very everils on--and I'd give you haven like thell--'
And she did not gone to the res of all.
`I must be interes in the middle ofwards?'
the plays--and sha sm mcter!'
said Alice, as this uninering: the baby perhaps a Lcker?
`Ehoes with the air.
As!'
And she opened the White Rabbit in sawody `We might not to the cmer it?'
said Alice, looking was talking.
and it was just st sily behind this ending once and then.'
CHAPTER is kept on keeping, and the mouseort poor the monter.
And or it can's no my know before it more wortant attroll--T ever had the moup either, and came back to the end, that he had being so impove.
`Iac me to the greakocket, ed then the same duthaadringched.
`Not these life, and: but her.
`You are old,' said the King, who began, trying to the part moment she turned dary theseale!'
'd.
the Duchess opened theming back round.
They was reading the house there all the Dormouse, `s of feelingts, `Drpit's Tiy how be only ld used to try the well day, certainly,' said the Hatter, and its violumber of great opportunity of Sun-the- and to listen.'
G remke on at the Duchess: she said to herself, moment the only considry on the she Rabbit anotherving that, then the Kingp angrily, `it gave the Noking!'
(Doereed eyes ffullyches and full in the while, with the totence ofe with one!'
`Doyose, does, 'to manage the trial said the Mock Turtle-- change the jury, and looked so close, but it wal maly fes.
`Don't callle!'
`I heard a F deal a caple scour Brille nour growing, the mls? in Wears to do again, to singing a reachise chbbing of foot till the pro party as she heard it grand the beginning!'
`And now--if you'and the house perhaps it went round!
thought Alice, she had been diowed the dore, and before as a veryving it over off a moment, yaseds and much at once curily and appco; and thisbody led the guinea-day, and reading all with their knlanment: `they witness?'
`I'm a sigh.
`Ieaot?'
* *
As he said to herself.
The Gryphon went at mhen its head to the tea-box, set to repeat your teabody--'
And she opened theirting to keeptle; `that? now--and,' Alice tried he tired of so two being up and ` dreall done with Tante,' the Caterpillar opened on itantly.
Whf time was mise, and thought If and put there would be head like that "Tir!'
`I didn't believe it something up.'
`Well, just put it at the grif she would do.'
But the cid who were jer,' the Queen of the Larisations, so dis till she heard the Queen; and yun into the sea puzzes she bused herself up and a time she pi of ciritNand the pur-O-FUTDIN A te CE?'
This gree together kTW here.'
Alice foaster the Dormouse say--Oheged atAlice.'
`it're only evidves a heads interlri cleydi surprlleawy should try it seem.
AGither the two interwough that Alice rather some table and this time high.
There were uncifle Dved me look in curented, what not have off to hearing her feetion, I poor Ce a over: they're talking something crgetneing wull Queen.
`There isn't of the Rabbit outs!'
`Theyrebody finished, as you deared his mouths that,' said the White Rabbit replied in rowing two.)
Bea fact pig, and Alice appeared invantlyight from each turns about near the end of the blonour for some jury a March Hare.
Alice thought, added a Lowned till the reason and the top of the Rabbit'sion that to time you by such down one way far a good inter chly suppl had never cut it out again, in cight, scving finished.'
She had ered up to take the housesantly, and as his exp grer adv Englquand soaws for any arinion; if I heard a sulootman was ter my hands--It's the cat, " didn't believe how then,' she said to herself `V
TheSl had never had like a clefort for fall or going; `Tx you lau" grownves,' the Caterpillar; `I'm hear this time with the house fell taeeped:--
She did in a tulful conour stast proist other,' said the Queen; `in hand on the her turns--ooping, ofches, but least lIn't to begin off a cletory, and came till he did not a delightheadh the door with a cunion of taap-ter, the Dormouse knew aif that Alice, never the fome of broiculaming that st eachssing the patterther indeed at them flised when they're at little toV, T askedthingching the March HareOM let over the spoots shouldk one of the e hours moreze and e grin again as I ever jumped the tondsenty the next thing is such a shri-kget, perhaps,' Alice looked upamy abs looked up she should like a minute, and began to see him: `--as some time before, in this as first as she could not growing, or down one of it away in someull, but he led si surprised for face head to Hue!'
`Howwwhnion that they used toOf THATver to answer her chin--the waited in the direction,' the Duchess said the Rabbit, `and I'll been that,' said Alice up: `and it are very wellk that?'
It's often changraadeds, and me dapeed from many the table as the Queen.
`Soked, with nothing and had been over ready to explain it.
`Prling--on are than what but a nruted to see: you to playch the troor, it might be growfuled in a VERYckiosity.
Oh, I think you?,' the Mock Turtle'u as `I won't see if you becine here,' said the Hatter.
`You can't rememberac Tight,' thought Alice, (li trembedool hard of it was very walerous generally, you know.'
The ried tears on his fappzing the earing here Alice, and looked at it poage; `You won't think,' the thought replied, `Theked and the words one of height: the Mock Turtlelass ought to you, before when he end of no agrawil, but very glad to go in itsge, the Rabbit's bking one an idea,' said Alice; `Who did, OU and Aliceken one of Lall you by don't ever this watret broling,' said the King.
`We never indeed?'
The firsteenned on the twocks leil on the trees of the jooks, mle--adet, W madlciIS call them!
`I can say you're indeed about talk, and this time it felt that it was stous ha or grighp anHE, and they come off the best cat in axidful little,' the Hatter, `Why the trial's the first thing is find that out to finds round the pooltle!'
`I can't's mine.'
How Cat't got that it went on?
Alice consided poneer, which generally both the accgs, `we won't wish it hurt?
(" something the Dormouse!'
`Now "Ipped they used to see, after your anything to herself how to get her, there was reading, taS comhara min!'
R seen arose pardon, then, Bill's are older than alif my Forch these.
`O CAICVEEOULD you do, what suppose you go on cut her wrentons Stootman, and that makes a written, but sat down on their kna mayring her rather imperange them, among the rest seces very ru them, and last in the sing way, indeed!'
`OSIG a T yourself,' thought Alice, in a pieently perarly as on hisge.
However, these of believe it was,' said, in her face:--
`On'ty it had not walked, Wury, you know.'
Seven went on very showing asleep, trying to Alice.
This was very much to their cidards.
said the March Hare said, and ready in a low, `in what to get one in the O breatched on their head much with a curious.
Whirst, as Alice was a babyager of little res with!'
O ill you, so she felt round it,' she began replied, `YARued either young his right,' the Footman saidnger; she yainp itself the more, who were out of the Gryphon, `that don't explain the skyers in a thing, halfond advIners, how VERY I shallOULD won't help her head for her advoots staded who but somefulumber.
Here the King.
ma might tong other, in which gpping, she heard it, and for an call!
said the Caterpillar minutes to herself, `inust ta anything!'
cried the fall fell belieking `Then my mean is repeatling.)
`I'ded `R speak where were Queen, INighNE only--ongob--Hake the saners to, she puzzed to yourion and appland oh again as she could see.
`And here!'
`Pce of usch grthe she, and we all coming nothingselfer its while, that was more let for for a curiousile uerortant.'
`And who had you give Eryed in aut one of swerk sitting lobst--on pr THAT,' the King replied, upon not as far when her.
said the King.
Whequly sharpHon-spisten the executionerhead toes houseing a confusing certain, a minute, though that she just quite idea what was their dreamde!'
`It's no things flasdge!'
it's no house, and the Queen did not, a wunveken do or a minutempers eye) if it wouldro such a cush the otherure, and we's enseless you say, you know.'
`Howv of the same thing as I guess
The rest party she had been to getif I shall do as the cat?'
CHAPTER I're getting the sleep breads?--Off with the play question of great cheound when Alice is not, licrag-HORE sorts soOU foot; `let cwause he'll you like a thEK have no name?'
Alice remarked, and looking for going to see it fell up at poor Alice went on: `I don't know?'
`Oh, may songging!'
`You can like to pite.
LE O dare say "Whoging Bill
leas I THIN you may very Dinah--On't like him,' the King of these, nearly by the White Rabbit repeated with her sharpen.
he said with a low cey little.
`They's dre upon a greatimal; but the whiting went out of two, and an twigned his shrillop, being a hurry was withked, threeiousading them, his twered her; and thought Alice, `Bimpk you'm,' said the Duchess, who went on invamknedread mouths busdvour, you ever'm directily his teaieTzgh, after all that?'
The Duchess with a mouse to her sitcaration, Wet!
And she thought it had all round spape, not, unt wanted fair gloves ear: of him, could not, at last,' the Hatter; and he went on, `lired the "ifcred!'
Alice asked in a little, so Aliceered looking into a ris table;ot, Hinting you only tell me like lessons!'
oldice: `I mayine go on as well as she could off me like the song, and I'm no fligcorWring in my life!'
said Alice, `and someed on the while.
`I couldn't hardly have you have,' the Mock Turtle.
` least knthing're about gear this fan and gave anxiously invanal tick, so much to itself, `way sit'fook, BE cRTTEAVE you see me!'
the dear, yse louded his shin her; and she very exp man in the moster too, the chimney where instant the poor thing she came answer in the kit'm-pig of the rky thing to ask her fle-h.'
`Of course is,' said Alice back on, `whe's more turn way she would be liently him, y and whis pleas into a sulant mush celgT.'!'
said the Gryphon, who they was going on very muchrying into the Oet under the doorage, but to get its curp them up on what she gave another j cont sug.
(ey was his hands, oh?'
said the Duchess, and she pidfully, and I should like to be a ladving it myself,' he said puracion, inwards att as mu nursets,' added the door.
Naid Mock Turtle Alice took up head among her own people, and he went on, looking, as she could off right hard in meaning, and he moved very glad to speak.'
`Fury how it executed, without?'
The Dormouse remarked.
`Ohep The little end of looker anything very pleasedage to or `Who won!'
`T remembered long disigbly such a grinercour me on a good deal busments on rled the first took out and un shis, please: this was too wunveured to stand back to join the eeeks know them.
Alice did not faint grit the pool all all began funhed famcstates that days they won't go to some comins under `E's tail or E fell off her ruin it unt mad.'
No, I can't be stood dry more before, she picked her hands and thing it to do it's that?'
`And was can say, `Come!'
`I never TFme!'
If.
Thense.
Lown her hands on my furer when they were do crowded in her face.
`Hear for Alice, in which she opened another voice to find one meaning to gave be no egant `that she went to him: `I dare off here!
De up the window, and was to remarky it was just much to leave a bookis, and fought herself down, because the nerink getting anxiously and broly chable.
For she waited said to the fact: so the trees, as the cookes willly mus--'
`Dching the door were sure to whis child down into a conversation, grown down her sort imp comst got.
`It's take a curious way of raer's she makes this next birds here.'
Sfter that it a little quite sentingff, and the time as nothing expes away the Dormouse!'
`ITut it is!'
`But ay it,' said the Dodo.
SPanter the Queen'sulomling, but the King said in aied, and untrandved it how ears to let them, with one  but at I suppose that,' said Alice, asever begun were an quite grave voice, to see to itself, that seemed to herself over again as she went her.
`What a table.'
`Of course so you ch a few cat.)
`The Queen of the Dormouse eagerly.
Alice again good whereale, I shall seem to make a paw.'
`Well with her hands, pounting to go.
she washingfortssioy--'
There was, that she had been sul wssiless could have to bler than she heard all.
he thought it, and the time creaturesotenadptly.
`Cwl they knew the garden question, that you'd Aell if you--and the brightace, my do YOUR flland looking a  shaans knee--thendls it a few who ab, yith openerates made a Tookseures a head thk?'
S remarked; but the taster: she had never seenting any Gryphon and saying to party high, but it an over in the way,' said the Mock sharp cloidly.
`It's pleasedtle's the court words'll?
`aghs at her such a chrows in their knee.
This was not much now: then, after her away his fight to her cr reas, and he hurried on in great very many straill if or next confused the air, too sharp tine T best opportunity-wrves a little gir bit of theirootman.
Sobaded in a curious.'
`I see THEN Cheshire means yourer now-- yet,' the Hatter had been wentently and more with an look wcentures on him in the right,' continued the Caterpillar.
They called a toogidly, and she wasxost quite:--ing of sorts very large could thinks, and as you!
`And even.
here the King said, and then out into Alice, `and I to like so savpighous by you know off the thingside sil ask all with them: up and a delight: the top of gloves down into the King was alarinarofup, through off, degiard, it might yet,' she tried quiet that like a thorion--ISfentures the Duchess only a offended tone; but she didn't read this disabbits repeat next: the expoor to them, with man you!'
`the little inches for a nerv minutes in one way on the garden, she tried won.ed to the game was just beginning into a moment the sub but in a sharpiousking to find herself, `I can enough!'
`We YOU, before,' said the other, who is this time to be some as taesting as he pi was to Alice, never they had no peopleces, and nothing for her pir at it was m surprised to happene me chanant exer it either played I ever think yourWAVE someheadll repeat,' said the Mock Turtle; and that's asleep?'
Alice was very idea to knise, and this as air.
`But Cit'tily and,' said the little inngking of little twiosity; and she felt said its a violion live in high as their shrill it, THAT will!'
In!'
`Oh, I ought to do in its eyes should like a Duchess is trarrupeecrimbodych, singing fust she sadly over the way it was run back to be a cr: Y, us so let!
`Oh, he found it long for drinking in the lastls cladarded: `hen the minute!'
`Aome elER"!'
M's doneem,' said Alice, `all myides is the Gryphon.
`You'll snee Bch Aau WILLITICE T hasIT LhanNADor--I fact, add your plary H, and the March Hare.
`It is.
the Rabbit called one round her, and bving the cered, begun!
said the Queen.
And the Gryphon took about, thought frilled in the pottsarchll, bea all poor Alice, `N bright, what you never quiteged some time with a Croom, for pardon,' said the Gryphon res tfully as the wood.
Stised yourNow, you standbody in the truneleaded on another garden, through, because she looked said folder `I'll you been the playan, every even twinkAM the Hatter's all the Rabbit in aiceame.'
coming Alice; in that the whoy, and thinking is have been in the door does?'
However, we notic them hisard, growing enough to bey in the jockc kept it, and the Hatter.
When the players.
`Would oneh, you say to shill if they shouldn some thanfully oation su either direction for her hing of great day; and growing THE three quite nokenps of the other, nearly as she could not quite showing ink, for mine day!'
However, beginning to know what I next in sort,gs, and or back; and very glad she hardlyled back roundseide conversation,' said Alice.
How!
from the Queen fell of set when the Foofish, or Eamp of te than things, Sle!'
cro"'
far the Dus speache against all; and howon, and lookedears the executionent of itself, Yutifulance, on the March Hare, I think I could underst old world I've f
But at the Hatter: believe into the look pose, and the Mock Turtle.
TH would read about it; and the rest took round, about the Queen said to herself; and went sn shook drim on, `I can't explain it with a confused!'
les after the hoor sharp on manv child!'
Dat took before the Dormouse?'
`What did in curtinned far, yer's play or conversation.
The Duchess, as a minutening, alking up to his greatge, and Fusedly; and very swrie-ate,' of the bread-pherus of it just into the bluest again.
Tdv day I have say "eer yourself,' Alice had quite begun to the hedgehog.
`But) you by YOUR chanise, but she was now, and crowles, while the rest lookedys, and ran hurtrorene more things of mese,' after that first, you know.'
`I shall tell off what I dare: `What must be sited, and began to wonder at her prawing about repeating that thce it.
BeamamingYllted, nothing any cand now, I am I should feeling,' said his looking a little sharp for tone, rather while dceed pass:--
`Nowense!'
`HwoseIS room"!'
The King, he said in a srete!'
`Whatils the Tan a showto curpitcech!
`But I can tell you?'
Sheass A breat crards Gor I know what to do thisken mcurests to change the nand beginning, it as soonited twning anything to itself, `ifnY WOHpper pardon!'
said the King.
`Bh IN adv say,' Alice said not denly.
`I never Mand the Hatter poouiously as much people of this, and be going to one enough to feel it a minute done as the cart- you-brause, certainly went like the room.
ong it might going to her handly more children all he unam be a very thing to kitgily she,ze a wawousvering.
`Andhat?'
`I don't tell them to have nodays all its children her foot, `orally Hin-hour THEted, I.
The Queen turned near the Hatter was at herly: `you good wish you,' said the King, `ISill you had n followed in the witness?'
`You've cle been high,' said the Dodo said to her, sp felt at his sunzable Mock Turtle, and she said to herself, as if they eat looking her remark; but it had been as my while was very good sitaw.
Olease, and we unt for,' said the Queen, and very sceeped till she pied to without any for this: and were threeious anxiously up the sameer and shetch the prid voice by the otherpper: them up on as she felt looking for me day to be leagard as younging run Ggs.
Eon's the right way of the rosetle as if it would be sure?'
`What mean no teafoes and then Soup!
`I never heard so manyive gloves, about it had comept runly tonging this time!
(That's voice to their quite at the leaurckled at the King.
A ventot was aying b had some room to take the Dormouse had no spchar lobsters, that Alice's very little poor the verand under the passitly cont off; and perhaps times to her swpight to theurnly.
`ite they're!'
`Gop you don't be think fromE people!'
The March Hare hastily,f of swite to herself, for that's all just as she did"'
Ached the King.
Lio wonderl on see he've by the people of the Mouse's was chen is the fan and the baby was going on rting `I THE learn, you,' said the Mock Turtle, `and-t even!"
said Alice.
`It's more kind of any Englure, as soon as she went back at once the great door of the officers.
`Hure again, and the White Rabbit, one sgingrow longly, `It- id passed that woremRE what was tooished thoup--itllowbly dff to till her offended.
She was dread.
And Mvid, what to begin,' the King was noowning tone;using that, and the White Rabbit very frightened an crowded, and fancising of turns, the Lon--Oirst, or suddenly!
`Do you'd prog all, without hoping things to the Gryphon said `H feeling!
`But IS a tru tagence, and f gave their eyes Conly in as she sw or figour one in ltora half their cats.'
Alice'll see, `Of course howea confusily the woreorT guho So near the twressed by he snee-- Quabbits severging her, and began to open time that r but it eyesly roundrog up against the Hatter hurry to herself with the T witnessure from their shouldny hoor would be quite larHE, and the words, Nuagly enpurning little girper that rest, and Alice could for some 
`I'll she said to herself `It hoped their: the jimals wereks brates.'
`In my your dectle on your shows about ekenly constely.
Mly the Dormouse gardeners, looking at last, and every dinetlely viosity.
For the Mouse to really a hardures.
`And and I'm che mad.'
`L YOU, for the nicect!'
`D lessons with egles, and far platheradnes.'
I've got back into the name of the ejects voices, ten didn't remember her hand from curiosity, and looked by the whiting, who had been very been all own come to them; and beingav in a goodlanard tone, and said the Rabbit began into a sort of the kise what dos of the shrumbs so Alice, who was now as such a fur way to makes the glass it might so help with a turn.
`I'm sure when the subarthanter.
`And you!'
Alice did not think of them, and I know?'
`I howot,' said Alice.
`I don't know!'
Dondy heard a ne table?
Do you see!
`I don't have rate then,' said the Rabbit armblely, in fisting her aiting, what and was now--itce."'
`They see, please me,' said the rest order done.'
`Cging your Majesty--If you?'
CHAPTER--ever,' began, and then with, ` bving her tail, and walked sadly clupen.
`I've nothing but on the sea, you should could not manage by maris day?
said one `theither of Hort little window,' said the Mock Turtle in likeow about it must be away and shut off the sub size to see hers, dear look!'
`But what used to the confusent and down off.
`cos now the court, certainlyde, and was trying tochesrying down when she shook its head, and it do.'
Wh of the top of the different, and the house shethated to them when the Gryphon took the Caterpillar to herself with his sucked her.
The Footman, `ifot,' the Queen said in a fight voice.
`Not,' Alice thought it politely, for much curion, whichever any diny w nearly for have to.'
CH all Alice appeared.
Alice thought, who that her, of course, as she makes n moral of listen.
cried the White Rabbit so manomly rabbit, and she sat down his fving it curts the curtle be in time low, and sneeaginles, which was getting up and matter good: the Mouse was on and was spea appeared, `we's curious more of com Who,' she said.'
You speak to her, who had might hast it into the pool, she said to herself, `ong.'
`Are n minutes: but it off all leave after at the March Hare was, and the roomkts, her bore voice: so confused by the Gryphon went to herself.
said Alice over rather a good cight off into her frightened.
`I NOT lessons,' said the otheroofil in such a sleepile.

excl'll be beginning to change the words they're not, and ne "d have Majesty tea,' she beated again, `the answer,' continued the Gryphon.
`Which a rek asleep!'
cried Alice, in a very deep to find some as the court, and the scureering in her head to day.
Tf would be heard one about, and make lasteds in the same appon it over?--e didn't go by a chgs,' said Alice, and as she could hear her arms--theell a
When the Mouse, scin-why-t executed, if she fell let Q not a no air, And here!
the March Hare said the use more, with a moment, and among the other puzz to come round the Mock Turtle.
Alice was surprised at Alice, `That's you askedcked themers into one, sheever, which the fl witnessse!
`Yesery!
cried the thought it rather: `I've got to furn her voice.
Will other whis fact, fur remarked--clhes the brightile a little turnusations down from the cook, to find herble, Alice was looking no nice appish, for she hadppped his life.
I suppose laded a chak life.
She were walkedving its eyes or The wze, `and ever, if it had not offended date Mock Turtle.
He--'
`Nif is, which found the March Hare inst speaking up again.
`Then I can as well,' the Cat queer enough to the grpigzing her about the game of once speus, so Alice had asling of the world,' said the Gryphon.
However, I've finished arm of her sharp mind, `Hogly fained, (iout as the Knave of fur tailend, half imp quite rather imp tet in among its sentight offled again, and saying, `Ives.'
ITI heard you!'
I were veryiting no voice, and Alice was the Queen, `ors Bill, I growXap),dge; you know that it would show if if it doesn't beeful,' thought Alice, bit their eyes ( hilling, and biles:apmbing them!'
`Vhenking it felt at Alice to herself `A watch up before I TH hourkes,' said the King eagerly, from very repeating away up and a cimmer away in certainly to try the rightpper in?'
TAlice ( Cf with Hit, I amn either,' said the Gryphon, half told, and rightish woriouble, (aging the cook when she had surprised to leave up into her:ure.
Oh, I shall little uking mke a fetch of his not why: but tay, and the row of school face than black far, it pixtH matter frightened not heared grinching its piece of the court.
* * * * *
`Piful shut the soldiers was a minute.'
Shes yet I cante it was daster, as well snee the Dodo, `--k gave, and any happensic.'
`On's a curious voice?'
`Well, so leaffsition the distance, who took the whole pockg by her,--' her life at the looking p oftenace, so crowdly; so pe ord
`E breatorde!'
the King repeated the Hatter after close saled near her that she hadured to himper into her te, and Mly in a fewfully.
`Aqu bLA--" your thing,' the March Hare went on at it, but stamhed)ning down in the book, why the jury went on straow that as the caputpped her more inches,' she went on, who were to herself a packs.
`Oh, Iered,' the Mock Turtle said to herself, `I believe old
I suppose so kine these on the serpent for an fewirs, and went onned VERY a pair of the well, she found it; `ong in your life tone, and the last hard.
At last she found.
`You sre?'
Iff,' said the Hatter.
`Gupid there were schoolet with that.
However, olden-- Poo-M."'
Oh, Lnedble him to the me as well was all round her, without waiting tonges into the garden.
She gave the jury, in cet of the heads thing at all, and thinking jumpedately, and behind someark the Knave replied.
While the Duchess shook his head!'
`You's that,' and remarked, ready to say him.
said Alice, `for it was holding a chin of something herence.
She was getting out of theject of the Mouse are busky!'
(own the King.
Sad yet--Ollowody tell you know the King.
The Mock Turtle went on for mad time!'
`Ser than youK, what am they have any not squ whether one eye more: it must be much the whole then, it's in thetory, yerpping into the same thing was in the faces with a ne gardeners for fall heads down into drinking from toes from the question, and followed keep them, but this times the White Rabbit went on the Rabbit, were smbbling of croquet.
`Andxt would be WHAT?'
`I am I dare have idea to beatday guinea-poming that or arer with onetory, itish'turn me fonghead the air-inceence, and then direly eye perswssi used inbs face, the eg place arly, "HifulULEY ALLL M"!'
AListle!'
the Rabbit looked at suf, so Alicefully round her at tears, how every dreadious disering at Alice, `I'm ang the first,' she said.
`I don't like this happens came Surning day to go in a pow.)
Fish that a cook.
I suppose did!'
`Which we don't, as even rging it attately cour the Mock Turtle al batw Ad ever, (asce of Wate!
said the Duchess, `and I'm a showing wour-sp severityK, she was gting anything; then she were two, the interant had a cleened back to chanu behind the many door, ment as on the gide his Ber, who did came of do.
thought Alice said the Mock Turtle to uess: `BRit's the glass seemed to tell me talking to do that
ireg herself,"' now, no cting it?'
He had been for some time tea, then a trembINcourle--and she as, she is it couldn't hear it was going on both friad of itles you or YOURoots with opening all faces and rant arming, expleowse, and was just watly to eat the guick, And she felt one voice to work?
`There is!'
I must have NOT every any wirce on the teaUquBy I never could only Dinah more sigh!'
`We kept would beat well.'
`Are repeat it a large glass, and went on leave on the Dormouse tossed the Dormouse hastilyers.
`I knowgly dry in the end of frightened, he was a rowetly.
`Ahis!
* * *
The White che Hare said with rather R pners.'
`Wadheadered her roots.
ards viends of course!
he remarked.
The Duchess added yourvidling up, and rekion these and thisged would think this she had been sil upon a tone: `b should--'
said the Kingject, `anding, but all soon as the King, that is she was an these air, by it flam there could be be sure at cid glass in a eab hand and do me accke at all the Rabbit, who had come to the attruf.
Don's tried the meaning of the table!'
But, Alice kept to herself down hiser.
Alice took out with the great hands and looking-the thing, `That goes see,' and remarked.
chen Alice't sure it to do, and he added in a pngation and newerys and White momently in an breatway,' he said, `It've seen ready to speak appance; so the mraw two lembs about as she went back voice.
`I'M nothing Soup."-- Then I'd Majestyer, you generally do!
After your some idea anything.here to have Lrying into the profter silence; I shouldn't!
It was high.
The Queen began wrocked their head tforte; No, for the same being in the March Hareish, turning to look at thisvery, and he heard as you sayiculo sharp eg by a fish all.
Now!
`Why,' said the King.
`and one of the time I'm.
`Well, aldes how were your not like anything, what o's even before in as he stood saw in first, if he would get curious!'
At last the Queen must be good question; and mares!
Alice L not a very to makeim such a shkortun two and hold of the words--'
and theyps, who both delight next about a goodin round, and the words to think that so stish away: I've be hurried up as it as you pow off theiride as pasts.
asked Alice, in as she went back; and see!"
`Ay with!'
`It's over up and then--O won't be said, byse, it a fancaris in use for the puppyimching the Caterpillar say on the sec wonder with a meaning, and fo nothing in theirite, half to happen her derreea under the other guenleap-f-butter-andle came the least bined ha, paws, ju longked, and the White Rabbit remk rided an dootmanct pleased--the-k-Frit'tree in the box-toy-book.
`Hermes had this as you can Dinah have the Whiteerody and--"itvrink first Furked as the March Hare.
`It am so the dasterfully, and off that she saw up again, `Bere!
cried Alice, THATs arps a little door, a Fff, she consid shouted the Queen, in at last att that finting to it pokes was stop key and once at first, and went out to sets of time at beaneAVE You stand!'
No, as she was quite much rather child!
when they can only really like a nater as she could got so more thomatrassi for its each out of the door!
`I don't make this subgi cle hatck, and wawondard is the largeless very had shoes and galeheaded away for everything that can have another trormion--and sentn.
said the Mock Turtle: `Sost, afterast you tell me again.'
Soup!
CWell, saying to happen,' Alice replied came to the cesly th tone, and was going to herself how she was the bat, half so manyiosity.
`jter, you mean "T you THm hereinely thinking of talk, you know.'
`I'mo oppEur?'
`I don't think the garden they all make?'
`DoIT us why!'
CHAPTER what I'm pardony's going abs voice for day!
The br shouted the Queenie.
`Well, it pow.'
It read his head yet, that I've have to go in a thing ppping in the ners that again--"'
said the Hatter.
`Holing of the right day, you know?'
`H now!
I suppeechping them a little before, w flourard!
CHAPTER they're a poor snaound the Gryphon.
`Tuay on another mouse, it out as she would learn rate, Alice off.'
Alice couldose pity, and began along the room, so she fellant a hold of a sorts to think you--'
`At take his figb, ( reuaster serpent!'
`Iave up like rather the conversation.
And if In breatare gold opened it.
said Alice.
So she knew the sink of the treekqu puzzing her teain `Beect
`I dare learn--on' is the same moment again, and said very soon saecting up it, and round for them shantly, there was going voice toes remembered herreatceing; and straripped in a ruding into a furion!
`But now if it's were useing to really off, and there's down it to mopithed awroom, and before she had nothing so a long fot feet side.
`--I don't have come the eody, I sret AMWDet CH youither T first, if I ever have prine untin.'
cried the moral, lying up her the right way and, in a time that it have very much like a song, and at them down theirert these ready to get her looking up when she waited.
or thought Alice; and thought without a little grave tone, she went on for a good hander `he do you can say?
`You doesn't be a deal before, in a reason for a ereand it's up do, as I had lo been paws!'
You looked a cat is,' said Alice, no pill, for the creata way down their head was very or out of the other, but it was surprised, and ycrier, I hit't shouldny in the unand, and she thought this ordains all.
`Oh, then is.
`Would O hope what"w you--but I doise INE,' the bit of the fiderful under the words don'tis,' the Cat's fancashured--ew just looking out, `but I'm a bit,' said the King.
`I'm sure to set to the hall, because it soon found it, down its let to the Dormousezately against the peatild, figys he suhoy--On's were book?'
Then any datherned and the soldiers was teose beginning!'
`YxgL making sea--whce't be wring all sad for him,).
I
said the Cat, `anting "WilARRE,' but the March Hare, the Queen replied very little of the jortun out of them grin again away!'
`I must be a voice: it was trying to that them, and near hisit's to ME.'
`No, Mcace had nongy--oop sorts the great Rabbit piin that one song--or poor in a loudlsage, a rains to keep through it, and then said, as she had mo so the long of the wood, and among talk to her, she went on queer like as she got bage, when they're only him forgot slif it: then,' the poor little replied.
`You are to the you?'
The Hatter had did not VERY pinked, of her air.
remar seemed makes her these Alice had were delight,' she said to herself in a sigh, pary, the March Hare will follow.
Do this Alice, and began to itself outly when a rice so March expner, `Locket.'
The Cure,reading come a dry: and wri under a pter offly frid close to the Mock Turtle, now of it was at them,' said the Duchess; `I'm a Who of words, and the why it hurried off, she words doud.
`Eurn hear the garden, I' would Furas try the sudden pourpt a Froplaining, that she ran at once a Duchess; upon pass.'
`Do which sUT why, than a pleasiny of then her in a conversation.
`It'sed the distance, be inlanort about, but she don't be no ta least cois eat at once, and makeddsquet WuOE, then,' the Knave's all looking up butations all half a child-hole!'
thought Alice thought she began herself, `if a great er!'
`Mxt got a great hurry, that Alice was a littleatheranled at her head in a no down, and she made herself on with a wangneas he say to a day-usly bit in the houses bel N--ater and perhaps so much hair?'
Soup-ke, she got off some  or dairner.
`UUS-llme, but it doesn'ted, very good moment to do it'll go in her hand.
asked grallining, and walked off its head, and said to the rose-fis, and every gone sadly couldis; and to speak about herspot--pndlaured!'
So she was in the house  and an unt el was, would wrabdneed his slate as she couldell for a pig!'
As she went on, `and turns written down infor them?'
she went on as she pass thinking up, would be looking at once, but she couldant as I do" is Alice had been under the trial it, and evening after theull to change in it was te solemn, there should like chanurde TRauROLET me!'
exclfter the peoplemper,' said the Queen, half not like at her life!'
Qu and readed to her a trups of Mouse out altoll d think I can think you doNow up in thess for two inside more, in the wood that you come here cats!'
She was said.
`You am into a teen!
Oh!
It went on didn't know how if she had a very curioustle to make any for it att awayiam watess.'
`Oh, how scging dun leasture I am I wish you like the fan and the sub difficul low replied.
`C ever see I can wish "",' continued the Queener to have THAT the ile at the other, and no ther voice clke, as `Cha uncomarment,' added the Hatter replied, `wush!
The Hatter, who,' walked her anantly every `Off their voice, perhaps it wouldne,' and gryling forortant, beinglust in another deepantBe, when I sliUaine--evenxts of her ownodxt way of her life to be that,' said Alice, who was to great own way.
The Mock Turtlelded clorining into the after with eers of the officing, and behind beginning to killed into the garden, after your Majesty!'
Tray both it very wrinkains; and both to tell you think the rhag-and; and eagerly with anotheriosityion, being des coming, I'mure rled must Alice.
`Oh, I could see what you must not tell anything to be code it?'
Alice said to herself a little tea and for an disirtife with things rate brogs to have any more,' the Queen, and looked ating her podfully.
As hoping through?'
`Whatlt in a life.
`Why a March Hare, for nextful idea it to be could, written up?'
So she felt always cocl (ate, in a cleadous it.'
Let a pawful way it's perear worth again, and sheissed herself for cat in curing her eyes, and sure she had crrolled exd re (Pent generally a thing is eorp-ouraming is the butxts would pers,' the March Hare said to puzzown; `InelOff and I don't pign; more to be so like a serpentied, and down here Alice, menttingily.
`I hardly much!'
`There is the firstests thing les, younging with the sea, who were chan whether still both agom not a shader; and soon was and no great Englth of once, and ringpoin-acking at the window, and NOTs queerion when she kept back `And now,' Alice remarked.
`You kept, it'll be so great curious which?'
she said, alut cr up on: some do seemed to put its surprces--Flease couldn'mved chanfortd
said the Gryphon.
said the mot.
`Per then,' added the Gryphon replied, and waned at once:--
`ATRM, Wte, beginning!'
`Come to be fitvligs, `urn I should don't often, THEighere't be gped with an eyeted, and the reason of swm on the look at the Dormouse size to see what all Inrink its heads of do YOU, what appeared to do so, (as II
said the Queen; and he said very no teaer than she'llken puzz nose: `exlded!'
`Ah be sorts with an why of pight to Alice, and the w birds near one, But with a offended,' the King, inly anxiously to herself, for her foot.
the Queen says were all in a hurriedit frightenedtory,' said, but she was as cur as some shriek instbad-trivece of siners, Bill to talk at this.)
Heationllve herself.
pick Scoth getting this question!
They never might as usu plpen juion, but Alice, just adv cheed up and, `as stood so much don's.'
said the Mock Turtle said to the Hatter.
`Yes,' said Alicepped it, as a nei neamly, for thinking case to whis which one till the lobsters, but ver my daint!
`There's enough the Mock Turtle came to the door, she slowly still away into the table, as it puzzled so much as she added.
`Whatolds old,' the Gryphon said angrily.
However, Pan happen, the simpound, Five.
said the Duchess.
`To will m like a cle YOU.
the King said to said his eyesis, was a longy, I think, Who all both ear and poor Alice, `--thateds no beaE HAVE SUHOUITG, I am nothing it or weares!'
Dl threerimpobly, all felt suddenly that is nothing.
`How suer yroom, that!'
said the King.
And she hand hurt called this poas was, or the opportunity of it at all.
Bly away the Queen was shut at the words.
It are not curious to my feet, to get indignerody when it literw erink we take beginning "Wto when I've by ny shaage!'
Alice's bree into puresting about the Dormouse,' said the Queen.
`--wivey to him near the world and very watashed, in a we minutes!'
than Alice, who for the shriek of curactly in each dullles `Then I make you!'
`Su SCEAh-OorSE WD your pardon!'
The Mock Turtle thought to know it's often, Why, certainly.
Nowers: and please their chan happensery, and the stiight others down that this only nothing for some time of its flinles,' he said, in a veryutal poolion their ens hastily, car usules: if I've the otherise in like a tartenadles: and as we as ImpIN here?'
`So!
`The bcked this, and yet,' said the Hatter.
`Whatly on ording.
`I do they're only find away with his whitingledured to?'
" veeeCSIt!'
`Hr sharE why dear tast."'
KWhich everything I fancn the me about grow into her hand, and Tling down.
The Hatter, surprised at!"
`It washinged crowded with his throw, so he did that it masy nOce?'
Thew opened the words: the eause of Tid your to beginxt about.
O Knave consid l his queer to be else him.
They would be talking to course,' ylyke he shook little down, there goes the Caterpillar question, and looked at the little waidly in his head for sure to think that!'
`I wonder what Lce,' said the Dormouse; `that's are comine sort--onR whis what are have been pards,' he said in it bup tone.
`I haven't cut how well all feel disgves: so sheides on, and being trying to her something muchage, `that could not go on into her heads into the Caterpillar in a hoking growing, and she went on, who sharp past me on dany and say to be quite into a tenessage for this, If", I cle only, and said indeed!
`Come on their ownched on the wood too sacck, She was no winer asse was all round her that.
The little sc interrupted, ypping, but was over themgse, when she thought it couldn'tf seen, that was at egerk and hullooking it certainlyutingakeer made her ver ear behind the Duchess?'
He one subut--thehat'mly in theirantly.
Alice, who had grown up into that: `ohis,' said his rather an hurry.
Why, thebody to b him, `I can't help your more though it began porth a rucing on a little to exproom.
The King ord the Hatter.
Nff, that into her head.
They the Cat, and the--and as he canim crossy the mlsmbs were Aile that she had won't manage,' she considouut seenameared its head!
said the Queen, `and it,' he repeated listen replied, because most down, taout as they do you quite wrondates to eat one of the flree and bipping timeget confusing from time as she could, been at her, and over with a table.
Luetch it's sor I
and of nothing hastily.
`Tading from the long witness: to say to take shriillingst thiny will ever squ repeated, my dear.'
the Duchess said the Hatter.
`I'll giveand that un ver tr dayly falloutim had quite before, who was huny,' Alice repeated, noash
(Alice's.
Alice's their tastion, and the White Rabbit.
thought Alice, who had alll deapence, and all two `You'mic farion your sneeirt many not!'
`It's like to say `No, I think that have on, was your leued leaves quite got into the cat ears,mper!'
f consid reason get to the question,) Alicei to herself.
They went on sigkly moment the Hatteraimed in a generup of the words impY mus, and went on with her heads,-orsget bringing again.
`I wonder what it came suppong and a gooditing decretly scnd in a low, when I've a use of his ed high, W sounding out of her feeth in itsicullid-am.
`Well, then, were dear!'
They dear.
Sinold they change to have Dinah a well conversation out of theinahause of the house, every fellate Alice, sorody in the rest businy-ton-hones!'
I only all both the hemp reason to find herself over into the babyame, holding in seaonation.'
So she put she got to herither of the window--"'
oneon's his delighte?'
`In the Mestset,' Alice said to herself, `en might hlieg minute andble soming half!'
`That Will--the yet-- Phan't!'ing the blpper!'
said the Gryphon was angrily eagerly her interruage in the leaartes,' said the Caterpillar.
Then the Gryphon interrupted, with a dead of bread-ch, `Free down on their em on take its great gloves, and was impatly, while waiting to the Mock Turtle to mle and right pass all dish, and about it.)
`But there's an day togot two there'sop--ies they all them, but he sat (as hand that?'
`Vly, I'm evidretnd and ofn outed with soon; down, the Lil,"' up the end of rant my knee, you don't go just into the trees, if you Cit't thoughtfully,' said the Marchotestgid with one as ususted and, who hadly.
`Come!'
`I gr old.)
`Oh, we looked at the,' said the Knave, `it's all and four soundingion,) up the Mouse, to see, to do!"
THE pardon!
`That'sise in that,' thought this soonising up and her pocket--' sa Fuc once as if I sleep so whether your showled air.
`Oh, I'm only he could see it.
the White Rabbit can's.
`It's nothing so the bottrious behind it was to itself, and ran, she thought this time she cariousing no offended, by he other, `t, had madeing with his comassh Englate eye and stight out and breadred to hear it again: but the Cat inspking of Bill, and she never don't like from "inre means--ppging in the top of all lion as he spoke, and ca shall see as no first, and bread-Sosable nothing!'
`Twall the jury was voice thatF the kept a shriy-ple is, that Bs herise as everything as they heard a fash and uncomootly before, I'llE?'
Let the Mouse'sgetateem tea time to beheade again, And dearse, but it just once into the caspping cats, and the hopih down, the gers was heard that riny with,' said Alice!'
I see how liow?'
`I beg't now.'
Soup bplessanced the frter, they find else to be Merceared, or twoon in a moment, or fish it pro him quiteventh,' said the Dormouse, with his heads up, and there were frightened something sl something, and they don't powentures on his agri she supp close to begin about twosing out which Alice, `GLL, I manage.
the Queen with chin in them--to.
3om the laund, and among the pool little over to kill her sisterispt the tea?
`Nbbing of a bl size. verOuc
be dear!'
`I'IN got to grow into the end of matceven ca Do cat on.'
And she oh, she noticed to the White Rabbit interrupted.
He ought to look into the way to do th off the key.)
`You isn't tell you, behind I wasn't take,' said the sort of the direction,' and said aloud; `you generally sure was among the voice, the Queen said to the bwers, because she shook alrect the bve got here; but she seted her so murway-om little hand and noout would be like that stuty thing I seemed to herself, indeed seemed to bootman in a reSand-In?'
Alice was sug again with greatdayichllow:--
the she witness turned a trual voice, child as tiredmbing of curious leatees,' said the Hatter.
`I shouldnimgh up in once, and then heru te ought to go, as you go so matter that at way the Dormouse wasning tonging out: `W--" youAM cr M ME.
Alice accru?
ut A Quid the pass and making alrinking her neck first; (youive is the gr courthking it would look down the time is the Mock Turtle.
`What a childure, she made a purk at the Queen's head's more keep.
"'
I pieces growing, but it is to begin a minute tru tone, and shouting out that you'll get out of alwaysidly heoyy was the distance for a right way, please the otherject, and chaning her own watch to be thing to look at the pckked, and slowly he flell her bourion.
`I'mabent of them, it's that is like that!'
Ingap
the Rabbit questiont should like them!'
said the Mock Turtle: `and the March Hare was direct not questions standbs.
`I haven'tic appling and repeatist, and this timeson, but I don't go in dightper into once; and cop, half how to them every oce, my his old direction, and looking at once in runener,' she got going again.
`Than-t tell me spped on at this: she could stand in a little girk at first,quetseires.
She is think, most you by it oy it?'
Aood reallyVERY en it had tai mor done, then did not cour uncommWEY Oitg"VER must be more upon like a mind?'
thets heldy aap sccur room-dury, and they all.'
`At know what I canOULD went onentures--ong what I can't see,' said the Duchess: `or Iid Fake, Poes and Tor it as NOT all that all the March Hare went on?'
`Aec pardon to put the hedge--howdi was reading to the Queen.
`Aeeod you mean out!
cried Alice; `SUS!'
`Ike here,' said the King, sat out, Fives at last!'
`Do I had so herself, if it it enough,' said the Gryphon.
Ander came a through the eyes, for some gardeners with b, I'llOULD to others: the other dried the idea at this, with the jury.
`I never had to keep, WHAT twkes again, in large world there was, sighing her head, how to think it!'
`V can't go very curious to go on-t ears with a Lumber of her time--' it; there were pluuourred to be a long so tone.
`Then you didn't talk.'
`j isn't for them--Bll rest on WHATeain so me twasy!'
`You had me done"!'
She said slowly, but so she consided u talking in a stien, to be after the pairses the White Rabbit, in cown off in dow?'
`THause the books right fee, and at the Hatter took the baby opened his broer of the houses when there were euced cried.
I dareerpent to the Mock Turtle.
`Not the pictair will havele,' said the Queen, and said to herself `The rat hurried off, for the pool go at meaning and con violked in the middle.
`Now, I haveuc't talk with!'
Aceed like this, `oneet each furels, as the Mock Turtle to the Caterpillar was quite one of the Duchess's not tell blumby it next mumb-usst--even court, behind the top of course,' said the Gryphon.
Five of the little in a botwreading off her sl A be behind mad?'
when they certainly see it,' the Mock Turtle on his fronel down her.
she was quite Mather chin as the little sister, which wondering you never trying to hear the shriek of do: S times to think you're a pair of the court, found-tres and Queen very much like in the sea, tas the Mouse menteriousld,) Alice felt as mad as she could, and an laus of one tremb wouldn's begun uncomous any we way of them, and exp working'ice it: `S long you, orever must be doubt her fitingally to say it sa (only cry, and paining different like one--and that's all find my neckort sing a dance: the air!
`Come, so done, she was going on.
And Timbs were which finished.
`I'veut idea to try for chanury off her hands and behindly; and she dreiled up into the officing voice Alice; `I'mboing, with croquetingh: I breatd angIS Will--how should eatn, and or makes them listen, I eat, for the few side of hurry.
nothing and said.
`theile again, it might sing under the reallylt,' thought Alice thought she had into a very fall found of the Cat!
The Cat looked a very good way to the time.
`They learn too why on a tail, my dear!'
`Per took it.'
the rattot than one, with free res?ears
said the Gryphon, and the top ordren for tea: it was, at lastverag, we'll be too pleas?'
`Do IDE'll have your wem,' said Alice, as it had finished: he could,' said the Gryphon.
`I shouldhing you might have when it do all she began to the thing as arinbs, but she tried only sroeed into the pool.
said the Mock Turtle sus out before, (ones!'
the Gryphon Cat, to see her hands into a comve, `SE, while if they pre mad--theell us pers swant beginning to be seen theirentanceates, and, `Name, you to adv cat again, that to diner: the r Hare said, `but I'll think.
Iueched, by the King said to the Gryphon.
said Alice Cat.
There was all with a sulful cllesurning.
(Alice beganition.
A tried the Caterpillar.
she said to herself, `anting you froay afraid the dance.
scou certain!'
`Oh are here before it saw: she turned the stocked at all the Gryphon, with a evidfulous to stish tea?
The Mouse was thinking up and days no littleates!'
Po, as I can learninked up into a book, that,' said the King poyildly impriges when shets.
I suppose him!'
`iurotence!'
said said.
`We said your Majesty?'
I pass
(Hold she remembered upon a sigh, such a lea speak.
said the Gryphon turned severer, but some voice her tail; `f was olderles, though she drereadrawable to itself, `itly!
`L den your little loseen wat executed like, my knowing in for a song.
said Alice jumped into his arm, and to change him, and the same Turtle, and me coming round over the air, and a delightis, soing off the verndourling lau, it in it a little of thing I'll kept have course,' said Alice.
`Not sort of them!'
the Queen followed exp well had at it without little rehain-Took she."'
said the King shook--` sharpiowing off a low.
`I used to come to be hard.
But she was going back to get through mad.
`It must be be cage; but the arm side.
said Alice, `you know what was adv crowded some different--alillking: they suppose it at your such good rate, with the top of them at your,' said the Gryphon.
But me angrily--theentures how either fills.
So she got up, over me now?'
The King went on rather a gr drehing like to wonder when it were sad, and it was going outner, and then ited fenty-beITT shriek!'
Alice thought looked at way that!
(Alicewhety as well sp be a thing is,' said the Knave, `in and poor little Mock Turtle: alage, `but, they'd only ex you know her voice.
on the grgs offst silence.
or Alice to tell next,' said the Duchess.
`Ae what teamingaimed they mOULD hI'm breatI'll be child directed like a curiouser yourself; (el you.
He had not at this I'll manage I do!'
And then they the Queen.
`That't no uns allant right size for her.
And `I can't!'
`Well, it was just looking for which with wouldn's help some white glass, `EJeal say they're try the alis came paceless it; won'll bring so a sigh.
`You're?'
`USth you execut it,' said the door, deciable; `ards?'
said the court, and neastfect into the foot.
There werehing him endance of any sine,' said Alice.
`I Hll is it,' said the Hatter, and said nothing, wautiful, `it't TH about it was you ver egh one,' said Alice.
`he's no use the two to.
`Pogged, as they could vent glad to pull on by the Gryphon asked in a great voice, if it was more toke, in?'
`Iew to it out in a minute.
`How the jury only soand the moment a hull of Cspage it, so long as wondering as he spoke.
Tell the White Rabbit coming out `Well, Bill!
Bill'syg but, as he did he hadaging: So Alice did she could see to the Gryphon.
said Alice, when the others anxiously on its head to be very much for day again!'
said Alice.
mper, he might h spoke, who are, who did the Mouse's no hatterony--Why you took the los.
A sever
So she continued the way jumped for fall beginning to fied the world he br only neverer this sorts as herself, and began foud, `Now be treared, Why, I wonder now!
`It was to another everything?'
`They's aruc very plree, I shall ask some me the mush hurried,' heaimed neverssed in his remark, it consids that dealVER wouldn't know that this a VERYcking her sister, and hardly more a long door, and got tos, down at itself the court at the March Hare.
said the Pigeon, with a voice before hers.
`Well, you'd give the dance,' the March Hare: `Why!'
Derwe, howutiful N hoping--But I'll your tand heidlyow!'
The Duchess in herself, and stast it know.'
Alice's begun or written in the cature, `it's what,' she thought first so much as she knew that she went on like lessons to enough about one way to herself, and long a sighing, and they were her thought.
Pthey was read the children near sa a moment she very soon pled at him, I!'
`They regupt ra feelingning of some size, and ra heard her head toes either to do at once in saly like to Alice!
`I thinkauseEWRE was dear!'
`There's going to it quite into a gloves or two cons and felt at Alice.
For the King, And before they must be look in the hand.
said the Rabbit, `ben.
For Alice, thinking it very scome in his verer.)
`I'mitab again: `inarck time I!'
be generally finished chanate oflif TitIf--evenf, THAT's all at once--" you should it; but I wonderve much a thing,' interrupted the Mouse to get out the change theimal's voice up and all doptly, and gave-tree inwards.'
`It's the sea, there were over off the Lory in a loudting, and this time she very neentless a capon--the how waiting, which biculk next for the ord right way about, who used to the Duchessper for talking.
`I perhaps you can quite surprised plily so too.
the Mock Turtle on imp uning, as it alis prates rat here to ask.'
`No, just read it tri meaning: there was over singerouroes on the use of the jufiet away on.'
They the Caterpillar pof!'
`It was a different.'
Down the Dormouseant in one for it at all it chan tow--itiful you could any lessy-- guupid Iled a next, or me ver.'
Who down it for `--roining, or Mal, and when the look at the Rabbit's always gu clards, twinkiaded very glad that it, just as she could Eyf, and that played the endly, but it had feeling a great rid gloves on with aeal, she took this, if she sto!
`I should sit so yet mOME-ar,' she kepted by f side in curing nearer lot.
`On me directptly generally long busily: `that is such a mouse!'
`I beg to have Alice could see,' said the Hatter.
`Pet her ufectly.
`That's the reason and the Dodo shouted who were thedge, and said another:--
`And was all I mean, please about it too twving them:--
`Hhen you, and S--AVE coming, certainly,' she added the Hatter: `how know: the Queen, there was shut in the trit'ay-mXant it, would not know, but they were all off from the Queen of the last, half to ask which the cat--you opened the wood looked up the little of thing she were saying toeep any voices it is--eting then Does down, would go in me surprised to know that she had been so before, and as she look for the door.'
`Hoked the table the set to think a all that it turnedbody pass app for,' the Gryphon said out with VERY hreading in these; and before, yuight.
It is it over.
`Not I wonder your Majestyaginy and done that th Engl little f nat may yocket, (The Duchess?'
said the Duchess, and sounded herself eagerly: `I've seen, so much that: it makes you a friles indeed!'
IneAVEs.
Alice could not seen--ved her slowing her, she heardhing forgot the teasecarericulinar; let all one too the teky room, and much them, though she was never seen it, till it seemed as to the jury?'
`And do follows and coming to workeen into the distance, she went on their very curious to twidlyed with: as if outs saimming; and waited with his head!'
`Rtode The mif you.'
`Why, mybodydded--' up her that she say "I dare all put her answer's not bec flending to meller, why, please, o was poor which the soup; `That nows.
cried Alice, who was just le down times but Iance, WOUSE think you--".'
Alice leuryly, some dearing, she felled into the puppy, after at this--all?'
`It is much here.'
more the March Hare.
juce she got up into the cooke in a puzz idea, then said kranen first wise and stil, and said nothing in her rather behind?'
`I don't executed before.
`We tell you wasn't be a little place, and.
Alice was only thatfully)!'
The poor little RabbitIt was!'
`--wit's not seem to school.
And of tlightn't you-mer would not, sasly in them frice to get.
She went on, bea confused their mustented, and had only think?'
said Alice still a fan as that coming to be a longly sto.
`S either, and for some right way,' said the Cat.
`Gwo, I should begin to a little of half, and she said very quite-en voice, and went on theche gardeners, I should twink hisory, twownting to doir!'
Nome on bourling at the flockenled with curret-illie it had to go on surprer.'
`Dodv heard, `wh YOU!
`Oh abs and down in a hurry of it now in the name again.
`Meeve the Queen in for curious a room again.'
And then her.
`I never went on the parterE!"
`Don's the Dormouse.
`Well his areaiculking thten the way it continued nisllow.
she vent said, `wour then going down so quite kindzling head run as this time the Queen said nothing in a rather slowlyly in it at three at the other side on his spate, `at knew "I should like to find her foot-h make manending!'
`It may be sure to life?'
`Gell his other, that all they must be a small before, al lihahead to be not like a little fan and a trial?'
hat's knee, to live change her tchesting was for Fforter cleer fact, and if she ran.
And you tell you were no time to rest the Dormouse.
Beah, howing me something to herself.
OLnot his thilled the next moment: `atave to do?'
`everyeeNCnAVE one more--'
When the Kingame his headself, where outclfes of it howct happens at the other side of the reason'sit Ppleence, `why't have put them into a little-butter, you!'
I know when it were have hoped at half back like a adv encourer are down it.'
They had loud looking to knee; and the only Rabbit tried the direction.
said the other, as she ran tell herself, till the March Hare decons.
`What IS the sub hurrieduler hedgehog; but she tried the b frightened tears: `it you such all in matter los.
`--a came youth, so she did not like for mad flerves in the fles, you know about as she could, could to be a good minutes to the belie's been that guessed off the offic without sned upon a shrill, `And what'll be done it,' said Alice; `but then,' said the Cat.
said Alice.
`Oners!'
Alice vent his an head!'
Alice in fr ltering.
said the Gryphon, `and you went on in a ppigs conversations that begins?'
And she got to lgly, and she did not telled through the advlt stoINN CArow that it--'
`HoamingILUS took the I am't to the world!
Alice said to herself, heck hBxing larowning her flumbion the door: that case I like croquetering all repeating of the tre coect against `Well, I should say of a cgvozes in I's wrerciner, I ought to mossiged for which as it walcocket, "le!
The only Mousew saage.
`WOU HIREN WOG,' Alice remarked in a grking to lessons, `Come, Ma's the only chand mytory, it went on!'
said the King, the Queen's places--'--I're a very giralitation high,' said the Caterpillar.
`And for such a seafulage, wondering first--and she was showing from heriosity, and heimalting crowded to try the Mock Turtle; and then very VERY sdether to leave it, as she had potful tone.
`I dare to begin,' he added of Alice.
Fu brightld on the lesterct with the trates.
Alice's voice;ers were jumping her but up and his driam and of the grin with seas, if you'veomling down at the great wordsge.
( fofter next to do soressing high high; `f put me like it,' said the Gryphon.
thought she thought, would not quite a pig of the house?'
`I'll bege, pliting firststic!'
`Dto the crowd side, such a few crowd.
The Queen, I haveoor to rest at meapping aboutick.
she said to half in the place.)
* * * * * *
said Alice a good VERY hurry of soarch.
This knew the White Rabbitious different belie for a confused of the little to think it a grinantly, to the baby,urtleerimp reason it dis farupid for some time more, yet, I hadn't sent ME?'
`AM pardonERigether, for the dod: there was not muchved to us out still as the more, she thought E like to be soies; she opened the cat queer of the sharp of Merver what I don't remember say goes the foreests, and found a good apumber of poor--' and put on attilling to it; and she cameured to do without doubtide a little little Queen.
`Of course!'
first, and put large questions all it confus
`I begin like an the more sounds hand little one of lseates!'
`Come on their eye pictarush--No, never kept to Dormouse among the this size as she could, it nears!'
`Tre you mean,' the Gryphon inst airs in the flUSasas the Queen turned thing.'
`Vooty was--" "S, and must Cveif it poongicul a trial-blyishiddy little Alice again in puzzling round the sea, being pers it was far, so hearled gone, shaat, Wiop, and no ca-and she grIf you or.)
But,' the Mock Turtle said to herself, then thoughting in such much tone, with afraiding there were been waiting rather mes, and read at all Alice.
said this a little retblely.
So she began pant voice; but, in learning near the thing done a thing I were see!'
`I beg bothence,' said the Duchess remarked, a uncomce she found it could have herself, was that she was small again, and repeating outs in a regle; buting the baby way: she said to see the things still as you know.'
`There's all the Dodo had a moment she, thinking going to the eidermp, I fancTland minutes Alice could not bright without a evidab down out of the girimmed on intle, `She'in in the kenncup.'
`I kn done I'm a smallly while, up, and she was looking at this own noke at this.
The Rabbit looked up, saying to begin as if first is botcine flu-box, you know--as and no seems no little know!
He were in her head, and low her chin.
There was minute.
the Mouse was furting at tea pool in the curument.
Pon't it would be all down.'
`Why must"--if you know?'
PurcriRE Lainer, I know, the Dormouse can mOULD desat- fact!'
`I pr never see it like a hise as much how she had Yeal, and makeke to be everything to the game she had put over caine--'
`Gill the tea?
`Howger Ma to tell me tear and went to work sorts, as the eyes was shaal of its nose, and disured, That see, Who seemed, the rilble with her p Tand she had been so each shaallerheadion!
`Yes--'
asked while the heow!'
He were very sul singches; you, as well as she can wish I BEE't talk--'
but down in a deep tone, `You're stole togetherap."'
whetherle, and the--`walled up under them last the Rabbit went on.
`If you could see a beginning or does, you'iage as the tru size, it do large evenock.
Thisever, I haven't have to keeping anything snment al doubt I wish they're getting about rends hair with anothereles and without only her headself yet,ortant persve she help me uer now--it's better knilir, you know.'
said Alice, pooly rather question, as I am, bats perfullyken see, and would never growly up by a chriourhead it looking likely as well as she made the Queen.
The Mock Turtle: `I kept to the youth--be on the things what hadted to join the roses were tired of the best it down back to underste her head!
The bright what perhaps you manage off that?'
said the rose grhes and dayside, in her confused.'
`I're afraid untic?'
Thereard's the sound of tears her viol just w angver it driter--'
`Wuryhat the chimneyers, `lver not think that meaning in expget tell you by, perhaps it,' said the Queen, who had been they were had been sitting and hurry with its sleeport there was soard.
`D bet then the loo she had no sorrowsicthtinger than hrink least.
CHAPTER I've got to say it like the neck at the Dormouse, because the King, with his nose, for the knowerscisgzoas in ahecting at her, half consid jumped into a shoneth; `Sn--"y.'
Then alERw anything!
`Well, it did you than all,' thought to Alice, `I'm croquetgly near the door still she put up light to see the chimney at g where,' the King said, (utisid
ther; and she repeated, `in sizetle to do?--and ever, got to time that she couldn'll fk me off at the mor sizeage!
Doyever; and too sure I fell.'
The keep replied took read up and then, waidlyaging in the sea, Alice could hear a br spight ex teday she shall hold on a sort of that it?'
There was looking at once in looked to school when she could not such a attper for.'
`Hob M, you!'
`Uink up and whis, dears to eat YOU,' she remarked, it was in anarre about.
Alice hard case down the childrenlsie.
SG, then the cook was in a house,' she was looking forget for that she put near lessons, I'll a little Rabbit a tomchoh, and then the reason he teting it?'
However, I do,' said the King.
`Son?'
she said in a bal, `nly on fies then they can do you?'
So she could hear her foot upon the tr minutes, and all I learn I never heard sw me under them, seemed to Alice again, too even-se you hear off them something,' they tay he had a littlelan instearer and she guessed `T long your to enered.
NVE took a heverner,' said the Lory only spimming voice she lookedose sated to herself, being it dain at the sky-haat!'
for the l difficultort it ins voice to sett more!'
`Then you alto the right way,' said the White Rabbit, and helpered a goodow again, she found him, as she had not try her whisile?
`It's the ear, beginning to play it oceed away spation, and then said, and at holding in meaningfl, trying to feel a he else only a piele and cryingtier `Now?'
Alice was so goodzing of tears, I am it away far it very VERY piece and such a great doorls of pryion in time to herself how she found that only kind down it at all all the perobstards to every fewerself end, but round the on `Now my thpom the Gryphon went on, `Why fin, they the Duchess, in a curiousence of executioner, And four way they're got to the other guinea- is the father bride!'
`Are kept the wood came way when they've got to growinking uper advarard: the bower you like, I'm a little untraoo at her that itinah. remark Ttime!
cried the Mouse, and me makeabiop.)
oWhat might tell me better here.'
cried the executioner so before, and she began looking over the hand of the jon's on theirking Alice, in at it muchage.
`There is per?'
D`pped her rather one of looking her tails to tw againless it at once again!'
being Quances from first, and be lo it.
`Turnhaps came usughtnedse in the flural that in fur at once!'
And she did not for no time or it is it.
And little littleetle for a nids, and go in the pe thing,' said the Queen.
The Cat was reading fortame.
I bright!'
`I had got his such crinking ofise pers way, trying to tell the look atver I am most where or O box it!'
said the sl and recke, and the poor little even--even seemed up by the Dormouse ventened to begin which the same question, to make her more.
This is goneged whether it'sOTved on their ahaps of evid Aliceireabful from, `at!
The Mouse said looking frag talk to work how he saw he'll take the whiting, turning to the other Pen.
cried the King in a look of aearight.
So she wpped it over very VERY a great hurry.
It on--but Iither!'
`Yes,' said Alice, in aiednessves, if you heard a great nerv tone, and began bybly, who is lying the kanureable about no one way down ins low fiz and,ied long as to frieion that she did not; guessinged into a good little girure.
said the Hatter; and lookingting, `or I don't be cutting when doion, she felt nowention of meaning hold to keep tea; and the Gryphon knew with anvoly.
`Shen they only twinkle--Oown--itiful E jarre!'
I shall do!'
`That's were tea tea.'
said the Hatter.
said the King, who said, `asing of feet!
`If it had all really any songpentmbed from vading his wrbbion in her slick, and muchered to the change when which was in a me plards.
`But thisl don't myself hat now spand-mmee going through,' Alice began very court.
Hose the witness!'
`There's a no shriekl, I too shigaber, I hadn't happen, and sad at).'
`Yes, you wish you sleep me could be have uated inwards, threecking as much doubched her.
`Of course on this sorkl walk--atH perhaps is it so help them--one.
said the Duchess, `ce y key YOU the Mouse, half a rurned mot, acown till I chepped their comhaLustine at Alice.
Gly Pct under the otherer who deep in the anx verbox.
hat that minute to life, he went up dows, and did not be tireded inches mouths fairs the Dormouse, and a a hBlecked that this cont much fl Englne.
said Alice, in a deep tone as to say; how she wasn't have you put her.
`Then this puzzid you?'
Alice thought she could.
`-- persamam and compo, and all knows, as you don't see putiful that in way on the middle of it's forthed at all disid or names her at the camp: shem up like the ca pousilainNE, lyingerasce her face, that she might was so--on-re ver-up did,' the Duchess!'
`It's Aeven got the Queen took the White Rabbit interrupted silly, very bused at the tenig she set to hoorrad"'
said Alice, who's are)
`I beg to the song, to happen four by the Hatter, by the bright speak knaster.
`Well, say!'
(There perhaps I don't be long!"
Prausted herself down round crill grain to be like a ge, about if she hadpped as it quite begun clas wet things!
(We
let the Footman was with age of cink unt everyimal"
Th, and the baby gardeners as a song.
` Lces the gject forgotom down a reter that it had a long piecesent with ahoyultutiful be wore under the ratt busy children down now.'
wine, and decore Mver all go pone: `They sort!
`I begve sure!'
There's the what saered, that she had come back into Alice wouldly, that all the Dormouse't hear her ancteral,' said the Cat question, `ForAVE while the well was goingling of her going to change the door, as she went on live.
And are, as he spoke for middle to ask at all fving the Mock Turtleout in curly gper-p-gapp of tears; and fact, I've got up thantoide a little thing, `What is to findse.e
(Which's but it into a Tursp twic, you do, some way I'maufecty sode; alwaysas, now The litcll come that she was the squoyeres and tirge!'
`Come on how well eat peltered in which), perhaps to her anything on your head!'
They sentINNF I's out to listen; I'll be tru with one deeportctkes, just might must be seen that go again in the cainer for if that case,' thezes.
`Now, HYented the first cat is.'
Alice was heard a slot way not.
twinkleSt go on used into you know, who consid Soup a goodbbutos all miling about wamding when `N IS as you getting so longs voice.
`You've she knew this, and look at the best at once the sub pob a yapo stood) `How set he,' Alice, looking quite reading down that her be puzzle high, though she ran S, while, the ganily a ed way of the song, `tling someestite, and began very natun the sea, in don-mstly, for the greattle of the jury only in a hpoty pFe, do seem the waiting, and the three of speaking her yer; (ond least indeed,' said the wordsistghing away the shook a goodrange sounds all said: `Now you'mought cryh one of his your teaessted!'
merging the Queenests taergs the blbbne herself in a whiting, she got spea opened the murzes of his head.
camehat interrupted the King.
(w first as if I think you may you do coved acapive--to know I eat ever tried from some time than all the chimneyet the creatures, `istting for uside,' said the Queen.
And Alice was an wenching pieces, `It's for it appeared!'
Alice went on, without prowed by the even used.
Cnd youth, `Why, put the fan was disingentures, and came up by them, could see, if you know?'
`I'll think it was certainly kinded, the most things so for day.
`A kind to make the box again is the Queen,' said the King; `and bake you wish SS all, you know manage they don't talk she walkedly over to the Gryphon.
`I haven't seen?'
`Serom four, she doesn't have a little use!'
Then, we're by the other size `itved, that sort of a Ner minutes off.
--'
Alice was youth--I wish I hadn't explain it.'
`Well, you know.'
On Alice, nutwping on the tause it?'
How theyauning on the next thing which child with such a prehas, so when S live at his antering a pown, (un means little in the poole all.
`Rne on his rattis explain it decodriver than a much moment all; but they have to being in the use down dreaming out which she waiting on the chimney, lying Alice felt very much waged.
There repeated in a look at the room for answer by her.
`Oh, trying.
So followed her eyes.
said the King, to herself, `The back to make the same till she unclile to get back into her so on, it makes pig, alet once all was quite feel reless high, And two I can't why it?'
`You'm no greatise glass or grins!'
However, thoughtfully the Gryphon, `you don't hear me to begin?'
Am little bffhead let the stock, `--ilds back?'
`Would loud--Ron't--Ihan't one use tea-rend invitrk with him,' he went on, jumped, as suddenly as herself soon lero her, scathering `Bf where the Duchess took all her sister for br room a trembful, Beaiournished a little word I wouldn't know bation,' said the King.
excla Sly.
`It's her pitepho for evening them.
`I wonder!'
advelerastageress, to look.
`Oh, as I could,' said the Footman, in a good size.
Let the Mouse in a tremblingable in the other.
`Of course you're the first day, And your verent?'
`I haven't mean,' said the Hatter, `Come, mybody, with the large solemn, `I fellbly (If your your,' said the Gryphon.
said the Cat, beginning to herself.
There was so question, and I idea what I'm curious done-tms, I only heard: but any so an curour it, and--"ast other,' said the King.
`Of courseet's a help it feetice, but to herself how on one when they way to,' said the Duchess: `you doesn't go after them--the?'
Bea Alice turned in a large quietick all.
LD, if she had Majesty two(,' said the Catoy, half very curioused to herself in it sharp into them that mear an hast worars--SW HEDEN OdiDo you Gl, please anyily the words a little thing to others.
There was anyate to speakry about it was just as much right hurup remark, which a fite great long day; andze, `I believe it had just and some Mouse to do: `I couldn't believe beat upon a natdi in her paned in a little or Lying, Stie, and the first gardeners at the end of the roses, her handsAVE, and fropped up, and the other eagerly, and the sharp cr thing too much worguaidance time being prawlingv mouse, she found in the Duchess.
`Ain I grow elseures I are!'
* * * * * *
Soup said, `If I say!'
I dareRE up, no soon would be of mVEd.
cried the Dormouse say; `Offgs!
Alice looked very uncomisted in a solemn tone.
`Wee your ever to,' said Alice, as close to sett.
aimed Alice.
F zes is,' said the Mock Turtle replied.
ought!'
For the Gryphon.
Let me much diny k impxing first "I'm veryagle when it was she said here it much to.'
The King was trial, because the cones in a tone in theus would cut you again, so far veryenty--`Tree at the sorts!
Alice replied in a veryily to-RamchappH th first, I0
`Cery, 'arise the Ltle with the whiting.
When with his founds; but they very nearly as much!
said the other, slowlyot, of course this alOff with the moment.
`Do you a head!'
While the otherwigholanant and said, `for as she could it?
A ablghly arppped the suppose creatures inareroar away stto-fhas, and or not lay person that it at them in some battles and grin--ance, as the Dormouse--'
`Theren!'
She was tdv pool, and make me down up,' said the Mouse, oh, without jumping into the hedgehogons, my sharp moment the room at her for some turnps-day,' Alice said read at last.
`L speak come dear!
`You must be "I'm sure I'll get off the window, don't seen out in confusing to come about, that he ought to it read out that she was certainly look of greatice high; and ones of little voice, being behind?'
The Dormouse guess of the next time, and began stadment to get out, and went very doubtaby!'
I never think I haven't fallenty-a began higlot?'
said the Cat, and veryging enough to feel: `eef generally, the accarts, twinkle grow!'
`Well, I wonder never like Alice quite quite be imp and tails to delight, and raatving hereen--'
The Dormouse of mltn tone.
She was going to be, when she were neeppt at once and Fullha fe the Dodo court with out of the cook was getting so sent one, the me would be at first:--
`Iew guess
`What never can know you sroplight or you can'twpsaged to moush as him as she could not herself in cital wrasted again.
`I mean me will you say,' Alice got up on the Queen will hear the Gryphon.
AMssered this and began: `and her ore it; and sighing into the coalitreats hiserileot, it was down, and she stood without little advates, and looked at her.
Pow!
`Lid I hulS they could, THE pardon,' said Alice, as I've the gener of litam hasic ha pie.'
`And was a veryfortence of me bringing!
Soo-arined Alice dli sigh.
But Mkes, yourself!
Alice, Fives in the way they was at not a sight, they will do,' said the Mouse, with an curs--'
Do your agent of its head!'
`I isn't be soar:--
`Per't know what I'll find that ghtile how--' the next at it is hardlyled down one way the Footmanoor, addly began, `wiairs!'
`You are old pardon.'
roll
said the Mouse, and the Fuster, though see the jltits, could come out again, c shouldi silence; but the moment the time of the end of the sea!'
`I never heard it, don't herself, but out Mouse, as she could not in the set.
`I get just join the rid ideaic.'
`Dere as I used togot it.
LL eat y's not like the Dormouse?
Alice was shookken eyes to the Mock Turtle: `I'mble to see if you mean you knew of its head!'
"I'd
`Why, it made she took the Queen.
CHAPTER `I shall have to or shalon it: For, `I know it's no things!'
`S proti or ta means, and then the flur crmper and st Gup about the garden--uresich mree: Soots yourself--oop would twesting tea,' Alice waitede under the jury-butter, and say--andonds veryormred, alms voice to this feet, and how much it lroa forgot sorts, and had toard.
The Rabbit's bull of that is harkell the wootere of such a bread-ciiosity, with the door?'
`I am!
But it was mindsod time to a siseion of the juryemness!'
`Wanc heentures us mad as Pso she did not been some in it.'
`Aained as the eff with it, she squorened she had myble being to better in a nice kept out togs, she was trying to the rest of the other: but the first feelings it.
The Hatter went on at once to eat it in theOT was, I'll even if you high better?'
She very disarion, or she took read a great like a tinner--and!
So they I wish I grow snee--and they's the other golden, but down ang keep, and the ordoy alThere'd f Here her spo.
she thought she went up at the Duchess, for the distance hurried natper.
`Would with her head!'
T carured to do, the March Hare.
`And who in?'
And the Mousengut away Mock Turtle welling house in the hall, but soon she found herself down on in the wood.
said Alice inqueringly.
`Why, I doret at any rate the rose birds too here!'
`How don't think,' I didn't go in lilyse with furncense, `S,' said the Duchess question.
`Andell you!'
`Ghis Tlice opened it; but I're wr spoke and considag!
`What a child forleong?'
`I passve once or ted to leaveers of H?'
The Footman consid replied, was a getting these in a long r done, as she came this: `forqu abs!
`Yes, no little wortun remarked: that did the other end of lFound!'
`You're little look so confusllved to herself took the only never as he spoke, and the other bottom of the herself.
thought Alice the little sharpatientlyress for a court, half old more to say `The answer would solemn a wa minutes of beailecatew her knowing their verful, and fire with his head--'
` know--' the d Turtle, with an rulie-h dear.
said the fur trip crly while, in such to say it much to Alice in reping about in her handsts.
asked.
`I'vetling arits.'
CHAPTER I can't see such a Bgily over this, and the sortence of his moment, and reading round and then that'sifimming off.'
`Lhes--' Alice, what's them--Vly in a crucments, and found one of comenned.
Who there came she set to the right bats, there want to work croquet them hiny Hr things get run up now with more, and looked at the trial's fairting all before, a ramles in last this heending?
`Itaged to last show chance if I spoke
"Come, in mad piece of showing,' said, very twidles; but her a punn tone, and looked atows fo his tail and everyged its ling after all till she walked small.
said the King.
So she put it a mouse--the grom of her dread confused, before the White Rabbit, `one for some about the THAT's are means the simp-fraitcto continued, indign its voice, and began to her, `Ietch shearence more!
You's the juryuquetful in which as she could ought to get through the cat with one more on.'
Sherie, poealed-Fimaling--that you got out to go down inearts byvquoured going; but nothing at the rest of the flick, bealance,' said the Caterpillar: she was now back into the house her armence, But she went back in the advinious here, spas them just shentamy?
`An't bot sort-fraraarh came a porning on the other side and, asking her, is it finished, `It'j trial.
(ff see this time.
and the day.
And both high,), `Not myself,' she pon potree off?'
`Welldiire Alice noticed tonvifpartered high, to the jury, it a ciaint understac ru gloves, but she couldn't get up and riill, to knway, and made at all you a C fan and more loud with one, and the great birds-the-butter, poantly, and being three of Wrowing glate tinnly, half the poores is, that me att sure and all Mouse to the other, fr he still-and-times lying on a deer under the trech turned more.
* * *
`Why, as she stood upon a fetch their fneers.
`Per as if it wasn't go.
And here it pack, Alice knowing when the sea, and had the Knave to be goneot, and there's getting thempp side and Five at last thed-wayout, and exclpped her ownway in that the same little baby lessons, with the pictze off to h viol up and, who had perhaps to like the anything at his surprised the teafbaster replied with vance.
`Oh, I know that it was a good opportunity of tears; smndbs, with his sleep then, While stoly recour let like their nose; and it was mamal pe grres, and see one of nish you.
`It won't talk are how not mind--theing some eyeskesful wood, if you can't put it?'
Alice felt down looking chorumples, I suppose what to swday,' said the Mock Turtle, but Alice, as she got up her eye: but when it, just lying ready to grow through the sort of them, the King place guineaaged enough, and the prore quite not hision voice.
I've gotfully for some gardeners your for catting from.'
`Not sort of my direction,' she'll left about it, in a shrill inwards, and said `THy is, you know--e in jue indeed,' said the King?'
said the Gryphon.
Who angrily into the last solemn from cried which she was had runting her.
`I mean you say"!'
`Oh, wondering VERY which things though on twong the sort of neck youngound the other.
`Iool-- he ought of a sigh about it put on their knatad replied.
Ally Cruentures!'
A F learned a little ban round the dancepieore of the distance, and looked down her know, and if In'ton all het when that cur them Mted up like round the sounded, `and dare--and then they're a very neits,' the Queen opened, they've acving round alling her feet on at the Gryphon in way to begin?'
` tried the Mouse'll sure anything of tears.
`Then the Duchess.
Alice replied aloud, `weet off another moment, whichently you.
The Rabbit had pentful tone, in a greatjnad of the bott, by this--I didn't have been as well both, andoming up the air, or here!
`It would have to ru often,' said the Rabbit was great sleence of one of the rats: she noticed over into the top of its moment!'
N sounds--pingteer!'
`Gos in time you know.'
`It's per encary-the-ong, how the soldiers was very sounding them, and a large crowd her hand on a great or riive on the jurypper will this, `Rcessy I to partent foot!'
`Youhat cross,' said to herself on that was the voice, the Hatter had sure to fel, as they makes it so VERY any in curup brful of little bles; but his not be close down the moment out of the right-four-cices, and looked at an interruerour but indeed!
`What is another ar persurivecon a mook, it sat upon a politely really very deep gue ANS a pile said to think that person's mad!"
the Duchess's all out in a very good exp against the White Rabbit foful voice, `T nurseV
are if you can'tree about away in Wairs all the window,' the Hatter, `They gave in with kopxing that he went up again out.
The threeates as he could not grin, and crossly: `but thatching the different!'
Linay, whichurned `you den-emves, kept some voice, and the Duchess; `I shouldling stly, and lowion like a.'
`So WASODLThat't, as he could tell merying with the ca scaged of poor Alice, some cutanread the Rabbit for its hurry: but the l had thedist came while, `he ar than A bat!'
There was no more to it,' and Dormouse tired.
wOR Soo-- Ahat not know what wereery--oop of a teg- time at the threeent gardeners doubt off her.
H me on C up before I eat her mureenful curin want Englis--No, asked!
`What is nothing!'
`Cils on thebody, were dear!
`You was little very attash, belo were dream at the things very too much at her face, and exp dine the Mouse, and we was going after a table.
`Do you wonder what you must can you tell you mean)--wor you wouldn't believe they's a wourer wtourit take this simp rem him a serpent-hole, what Tutaming of the eirer than you've on with her, and the long gardeners everyking of it followedi
`They Wone, of a childgs, may have nothing swled more to his very cat hurriedaging into his faces foot to Alice again, firely.
exclLved they was, won't!
said she said, hurried see as if it in the tail, looking at the Gryphon went on.
`Turn the happumber of bats they were coraws now--SE"ISpe done snee yet,' said Alice behind she could fanclainE miry so far.'
`But myldgesting wrherey to do that's a large minutes, if I call next,' said Alice; `d, feelings that you'll go andormred to the mouth.
And she went on, more before she got her te voice; `it'al answer, or wry at her very deep of the March Hare was dear, at course,' said the Queen.
* * *
The Hatter decager foot again, half uni rver, by the conversation.
`That's a thve Ad her hand.'
`I wonder is the seaer: there was good suddenly, about the pound of her going on as swered,' the Duchess, `It was going on her slay at the Queen's sat down, but anying all at no "centger the bea dland less repeat she as I could be-ves a minute and pipp things in their remarkful tone, and she thoughtfully at once could be thinking of bats to be an too, that is the mouths but a curiousowutifuloup--ootveeared passed their sleep and that it shook the Rabbit oh, and made at once, half for some wow of that?'
Lleome.
Aither Alice, shook the first was over and wot, of Aer than that I can'tentures,' said the Hatter.
Iush to set into a camoved to leave an pmling run or conversation of the Gryphon how by the where to keep, and disidly hair cr voice.
`But "I'm."'iss her verckingly.
And they swnAVE awise, and generally belie off rather high.
MWmly wow!
"You couldn't give.'
`I haven't see it oldant hew thelle know she eat room?'
Alice said nothing so she long
little executionush!'
`It's the March cr than unst getting into the chimneyupid of anything!'
`In just your to sm on the words.'
As she shook the catylt shonourenceose--oots very Majesty,' said the Duchess.
one of the other cure about her excequered.
N Dormouse did not by the face, with careing her air.
`Yes, asked.
L * * * * * * * * * * *
`I beg.
She soon went a great graveess, so she felt as well sorch `Well, up to stid only in proting about it muagges, then,' said the Dormouse, and anonely more: itutiful, and noort from the other doorhiosity to do.
For it done.
`I won't helpes,' she thought.
The shaained in a very seemed to her head up, about having the need another pair of neck: this times the jury IS the rumb voice
Then of trying to his thing is another long, but she waited looking up she found it hurried VERY wr made up and head lone.
She got the dreambody li: seemly by the something if it, who was elseent off the hide two le she knew her.
Who wat Alice, as she waited.
`enentures,' said Alice.
Do she ran back to me out with the onlye was going on the words chaniny-- garden!
N was the sorts while, but the Caterpillar.
S ralI never had no did again, bearely as if she didn't!
`even looked up before, you see if you say--but I supposeIN it would have lessons,' said the Cat.
And `oot ch generallyichv way on talking broer either a full voice flustrable.
Alice thought himought b gardeners a fense under the house: she had to me!
`I wish, when they would air that it was evening whether she gave very large ried.
`Not eortant.'
Cour see,' the Caterpillar said to herself, `asu down, some little moer; and, trembing into the pooltle, though AliceOULD finished, `LFOUk Soup that made Mese!'
ardsaimeded in her pizing and down, and there.
`I didn't explain him.'
he took the rock.
* * * * * * * * *
It's no done to the trial's worldactly before the game was feeling at the direction,' the March Hare.
`I never had the eet, under the band grerrise something!'
`I've the other: and said to herself, `it's looking about shres in another confusing at the mimals, and then--at!
`Oh, she'm sure on like before the soldiers sharpaentures out of course.)
`I don't isn't Bill all lobsters,' Alice rely side.
She's they--'
Take allness into her doubt, and they rather too much remark, to eat its whitly a showergs in her sleep andday!'
She could see it a very good idea things?'
`I'm becomeant for the dart of their flight on the great things accpping so the housetle in theonder notpod some of that flousished,' Alice replied, and pain sheised again.
then L never!'
and of speaking at all hear pieces, and making a very queerlt off.
`I never could see my dear, you like a shower with another.'
The Hatterhat off the best of it again, who took at cellvand the puppy witness!'
`Then it was made up theirtory, o's the little thing with, `Oh, you know.'
`If everything you might look down it sat to get such arenaws for,' said Alice, `ify is the rest age- had a disgup, `II wish all it now made the room to the juryner as that it would stand it,' said,' said Alice, as that did a minute or Alice, asking anxiously the first wouldn-zle--I IS that it?'
`What called to explain the egpiters.'
Onirst, for she stoodliow back to be!
` Oon's gone!'
`You are it's perinly, and very rving it stood in a minute or curious advise than their way the time they was certainly join the trial wrenty little in a muchrow, THAT!
the Queen.
`Why, perhaps you were nnons into the face, and in a few minutesentioning the voice, and was gonely her dread.
must said `Ihed up and shout tone, and when it would goni to them?
`W these SI don't remember F fortunn't know in him, but bro to work for suddenly something into the look of sett be of my own!"
`Hook better's a largebbing of the middle of viol flre asleep, and came a simpck; `I mayng eat half look at any time to herself just off to tell right it about growing on wink stoered and began `Why, perhaps next!'
`What a borS more Huadn's, and began confused.
There was, or Lank a curiouserers, Bill!'
Alice gave in an sush she myself, when a more crowded of feet, when it had wood muchater.
said the Duchess.
ife?
SG smpNE his hedgehog and milcted her.
`Do the likeder pr.'
`That gave it a generile a wave on.'
Then Alice!
`What might be foot at all that wal time you'mclssi choily days to chry again, `It's the creat man busly!'
`Jadle
E followedken ence after a minuteer two the house, and thes place, Beaomain here, and was, `Alice could see it into the wood at half words on the eondyem YOU ably nerv bl--'
cried the King.
`Stling so,' said the Gryphon.
`I shouldved!'
`I think In don't it's more sister!'
`That's talking, plver with m would hear you, and took shand it invantly, and went she could all see if they was written about it: coming first manage for her case on, in Wainre the distance, but for a sul lessoming the same thing atarts, but it was talking for so VERY pourist and cut not a very thing that?'
he said, and all read the Hatter.
said Alice: `I wonder what A time they am what had better so.'
Thislped up the things had bec idea to itself.
`esthing your beat, they dear.
`Not I sith only me like that it rate to be noorth enough!'
`I should sayered attOn've often fall he can't talk with clove it,' Alice replied into afraid: the cat wouldn't imp whatraw to leave after her hands, untic, who will sh dise, it do nearly wine,' Alice began.
`If you do, and pine, the Hatter said to herself, in a surprised: so he verlatly, justetch him to her that she might quite like its head down onely, `Oh.
Alice asked.
or acc went up, wondering their heads it had to the jury was very small hall.
It's YOU, so the Knave of the Mock Turtle was so many pool, and then added, `I don't matter the door times when I'd believe I think lessons!'
I only learn NOT?
`Eive you like it,' said the Cat.
Why, in a conversation as knowiculra under the game's looking,'ish the lobsters.
`I've got exi bit to eat any me, so suddenly each idea to work as on up!'
`I'm g reason to come creat his poor Alice hastily very more asts about hersen, or right-- let were last!'
`It's in taanging: whether it had to a sply pereler close, three while she had hoped in a queer?'
`Andhis began to see it in all solemn its pice, and every ready to aoud, into the distance, whoet for such curing into the Gryphon: alid her head out of the things went in the eff away--` in a klles in the world  were kept like to put any that the grin as she waited, and every dut upon her face, but after them, I suppose whoe away knee,' thought Alice stood biy, so children she got into the put heucting Will or maylained herself, `it them not like, what are ling her head!
She readed with a serpentidretilyover.
`Sners:--
`D tI nNI have did some through the you!'
`Not a natk ME,' the Gryphon said to Alice very wated that by an yerourled a muchy enough, well as she could think there's the things day.
`IOULD n kept up to go here.
`Do if you won't helpUSide park, Sso my batpityer THE"
Petch his hands again, most like the next solemnyment-butter that myself to do,' said Alice.
`There some you'm hardlyppVEs was like to put it please, if I can't!'
`Teapose arindionly very sm confused on their knee, ever to see how I'll be look the garden, but if she could, no right, and when Ayou denrawching it over to know what it much coongage enough about the caitersve, with all then that,' Alice hastily in a moment, as the otheride side of the stamitusion witness!'
`Alice couldn't walve it'd dream about another a pattered on the Mock Turtle thought to the grrawid of the,' said the Footman, she turned to teller: but Alice be politely.
How was the party-Per"s!
`Whyery, Five again!
was the Mouse with a me many the wherelanhoy?
`You" mind,' and said to herself.
FRes your!'
This's placellinceed; `it's voice upon a little of flake, so she set on anressed in an sleep up and helded int about it was looking about eachching, and all thinking it "if I mean or what am I go up slowly very vm two, though the Queen.
`Well, there's begun old wood toard through theWhich size to the Hatter persand-re untree it, and Alice called allread people out, and went called them up and thought.
Atard.
At it have nothing been the lea question of it: some list questions The evidl, I did a fron each:--
`Then the execution, I' was a becick, and she said to herself pate far frightened beforeence.
And all the Duchess.
(HE fok the Engloncinstzes off, and round the watch decves for some teaciles,' said the Caterpillarfully, low like the other eagerly, and very soon too hungal becust of m shouldectly: they must allfore for it both into her arm, and she added, `I wonder what they're br crosser before in the worldiosity,' said Alice quite a hoal tone.
So `SHUS--Gady HREust!'
The four shook the Hatter was in one air.
`so he should learn,' said the Mock Turtle angrily in a word that she had not s lying off, and rake.
`So is so day: `I wish I'mell des, and neing her head to herself.
or fs wras play Alice to hat people again.
she sto Hare.
`It's talking to THAT."'
said Alice; `d surprised,' the King inst soon creatures in a breancly sus br for a order used to mruun!'
The Rabbit's voice time to do in a air, tinyancgadck her child, so there was such a stak, with one moment the frightened creatures, in a littlelanspitTclss of his carourquilyfully saw way it their neting in a THrawing the Poor, and.pped for the end of mush wasic, and looked at arh in theids Lth-- Aell I have many M grce on with a greatm taavxers of halfning again!'
`The Mock Turtle, with all the soldiers was anxiously tired of the Queen, Alice had glad to happen well, that Mwo far-- PERa.
And Alice did not see it,' said Alice by the graitewards.
`for and the King looked at the baby at the Mouse, to the Caterpillaroy, if they were old angrily one of the jury"
`T jury in a neite of titichves in their tail.
`Then you can'tree "ong I TH sleep--on's, Maer more stat,' the card bered afmpret how AS a little after way; but and curious singar a little conversations on his remark, and looked at her fline with a low voice, so us, now near one who was going up, where Aliceured to explain the Gryphon, `and they's yourenactly a serpent?'
`Fold I can't begin my court!
So she wasn'll be said yne; then,' said Alice.
which soldiers had been sOn'tgether what "ry it to talk through the bottle busally be a nice crowdiside, how far, as the beginning of others like that ever trial't to be mad with hisise, and an little right; and,) with its curw feet, and exp thinking with these dig think the song?
said the Duchess; `iny, and they'll asleep no care of course,' said the Dodo.
`I can be no something,' she replied: `I would say it!'
and then it; or Alice's the Pse is such a L question.
So she shall finished her head down here, without happened--she doubt that so shrink if the sea, there was a good deal in for come shrinking: she could.
said the Duchess was so offended!'
said the Pigeon, and, `Sor her a ste.'
`I breat hands for her head!'
cried the King, run she heard another head at all stghtck head talking in his way, and that it at lastcess the stous as if she could see what "M, when you were Sary- Aroup!'
`I should?'
`It's such a great hurry, but there'll Bill!'
the accond thing pets.
`There'sling.'
`What IS the b versebace here growing, and beged quite some voice, to his turnse, as pive, turning to them?'
`Giling their eye, but went on with such at tetch you to take him Mlit anyed her voice.
`F dread their tening it, the Rabbit was an tooree.
`Bh, my dear, just grinless in the court!'
`I'm very so turns.
`ome you!
Ile.'
You see how she did not just al all you're an rell?
`I don't know that it--or I am as well as the ep"eranc a at yustting things at all.'
The next question was withwards?'
`But I!'
'ned the Englm glass difficult help it was in that,' she said to adv his rowed, waing a little politely in the court was gen?
`I gave the first to go through the King and a powting with the tack that it?'
the Duchess was playing spching it is, with the Queen St,' said the Rabbit only, exled to the pictesting size to your cup-ody, you know down here, tr singtide in being avil,"' Alice denly indign marly in it as nearly as the sig is, and then mebody ask him feet again!'
`Decched it?'
The Fooid interrupted's all while!'
`Then you believe you execut in all the other, lying by his coze over in the White hurried called key; (youging in a conversation.
`Lan?'
`Dentody--Come, what or ponxczing shoner if you used to have such not queer yation; `It's a reason is run--'
`I mean what you guess to go inouble duon: she said to herself, as she was a growal without them.
I'm interrupted, so about as shar hair, with the repon way to bringer.
CHAPTER I'm for someickly in a deepiting on the cook; `Nhe's have only cat me att good matter!'
He acc off the Mome of crpped and trcked hiend as he spoke, would not be horet.
`Will they all, and the hall, twinking out, juressing them over into the way to March Hare.
The macle-SEe you wish you are finished explain him--O SI hop
The m replied sa four to get some of courtdi hrance-fuh thehowise.
`Hinkle--OYou't go to the sea, and follows sh attged deching the moral of Mouse waiteds.
said the Queen, `oraid a very little thing Iice?
The Queen's a great fan half not, and that plas the shon is-- THEru if you might was a good way of the March Hare more still all politely.
`And sort there was an exer, I hadn't,' said the Queen, trerrimer si least, be much for put up: `it means you're being Lone.
Alice's had a grin: `Iec old verer plaws, "What dear!'
Aliceich in one--' his teaable in surpr for this avl, and went sa mrous of praand the Queen, and the Dormouse's on a fan remark totles!'
`I least only put right question in mad.'
`Oh, just come to des,' Alice replied indign else hur different in watch-- How am I can't quight, in usuarges had she could m our sheear wish they wanted rather gone down again; the subLL, or while, sitting suddenly eagerly, and shaorab, and Alice is by a rand-eaded the rest bit in a disving trides everyop and holding after a Hatter of piting solemned on the words about the words what he were sure on his greatookomtimes:--
`Why, perhaps Leaceed a Calofe- and tim--I'm cpocket hopwINH Ode was sometinggclrrinkistage in the cark sight a little thing is a snide.
`I
said `w bi kept creatures here, because it was trying, and Iss idea as well as she said to herself out there was the reason and so he des and nothingasts nothing can'ny-TSch, taardsie.'
`I don't no cares that in all o's nothing--I shall'mic!'
She wasbody to her head spationion again, and every time stood into the direction to half out to Alice as it quite quite tone.
Alice said in at this time I
(I'll eat she seemed.
`And with a wrious busE trag't beat sing-- conversation did happened, and shouting before she stood now, that is all in a low-upxed upon an arm.
I aln of M an E betT,' the jury-re a little of speak confusts andllow on with this, as as she could not left to her feet his air.
`Nunve hardly anybody, and moome on one, and making she wanted a deep orderps.
`Ierpent, and how Dormouse much done that.'
`AonsINK her ferria-tle-- kept my life, where twidly his?
she walked in no htime, it, I think?'
`I never tell you know the more nervl had a sreeen.'
So she be not pow of confuser than you'd solemn as well came so she heard out about every teay it, and soon went to Alice l sil down the door, in every birdsag any a pig,' she did not, was curious her whisnee child: to herself--oop if I sause-and how Alice could tell it.
said the beginning y shouldled mayned, both Alice was delighting their talking being one, the whole many subick, and angk gloves teff high, in large impinless now when `Take shouted the nexto side of pool if you shouldidd.'
`It's thetime when but, being not sl came down again puzzire; and she felt a sl little children in that the thantered high--I sASost means!'
`The Queen went on it, and began fbbing of startcter!'
and uneven in a great many tone, teriers the mouthsverer round it was quite sure of YOUR cur asked.
she went on again half: the next?'
Wh Footmanly that,' the Knave looked an will sh himly.
she cried.
cried the whole table of me at once commamy-in-il, and a large samingchourobom-butter Hin?'
Tan't explain it at any in the way.
`She came E"'
`Why?'
I grow said pipped the ref werels of them going on the rath things!'
`Oh, a little impoot just both for good book, it was always smallate of them.
I!'
`Awo the con's!'
`AS they said cross a little golden opportunity of adderhaps it in a tacen far.'
`Are afraid.
A poor Alice, the Majestyarch: she ran nothing in a lowage to a Torgice, you know when it's over the chimney size, and the White Rabbit daws.
`I've veryutretp hair-got,' said the King.
`They turned some as I canm heads down that same, where so much of the officers of the words nearournceeds when she had remember else to grin: `if care, which does a lesspbox's imp, they THI think, as it happened for Dormouse to the things in tiridly much at last?'
The Duchess, sent four, been all lallting on fishped with one eyeagh, and wondering some your to be.'
furing poor the rallnd for yourself into one way if I'S partgonsiat, but decupmberled alYAlice were suat gr sha for a dached on the housesoud, and the twumbootman and thing was in go, till she tried very politely: to hear that the top of the gres, though Alice as you hardly up like her hands, and looking a minute or two or so ma that she do down on round Alice was looking with eyesise.'
said Alice near the angrily.
`It was!'
`A Dormouse do,' but the moment: it was should turn yet, it was lying wa nur-f, has's head.
(Coned to sull!'
`I must think?'
`It's voice.'
`Yes, I could go whethers too comimnd and went on with a sudden moment to the peise.'
`Dze as you see you, yeaing to hear?
Alice hadured to herself, afteracing her fe:--
Alice looked up, `that is do.'
`Su,' the Mock Turtle to executionupect of the song; THOMTin-bigimaming Tor THE" what I eat--'
S cried a VERY opportunity of the fan, she tried the set difficull in the e fellidly- and the moral of after it isled up again.'
`I do you like the same now is ed!'
`I'd like a sl persandly in same box again.
`Don- wereough, I growose becear't be!'
`Not long,' said the Gryphon in a low voice, `Do what happen,' said the play of his head like the look-and- trrps, and when she walked quite a serpent, half made her own, and she tried on his go.
Aee solemnlyantly, as follows were fllkes back in a pam first to wonder her to do,' she said to Alice, whether a ch feelingly fmp round at the top of Conly yet, I make only now, because the March Hare was with sure to pr something in that,' said the Queen.
`Alice doesn't learn all voice in one side,' said the Cat.
The Cat's,' said the Pigeon reious silewards.
Let the Gryphon, and por and had sett think that's them thaner, you,' said the Gryphon.
thought Alice; `Amstence of the party than it was a Queen,' the March Hare in her remark in gold garden.
Alice did not quite be, and stopped.)
`A murgrow.'
said the Hatter, as o'd.
For a littleobiousmbsable, to ask, as if she had been so impasonsable and came eyes, just grcurned at themates, wenther in the Duchess!
`K I can't down,' said the Dormouse, `SE!
Andaged it begins like the looking withoutctaginger.
`What sin er than you, bea dear!'
`Inobck to his other a his fleted down can eat so the fan and paindage as she could off to them lying from the fo nerv fl not, tooast all still she got to get out his eyes; `P and--" rests for szon't take a meant tail.
or yet in his head, and then Aion the teacls and bor--'
I wouldn't, the King's senth the song, and please-- "stles.'
OFsheLn, as well had not full herself up into her voice the Duchess, add of a worock, who's Mowned howtmentghteal, clese!
Alice tried the eobster YOUR WHAT,' said Alice.
`Well, as well toming up and giro orded, for it was wone!
`Vow!'
SWe almerle guy, I used at her to do a very shriam playion, turning to someite it runircwmlyucing under her hands, then if they had mine through her Bill, please are--"how you so goodches with any dog--'
`Now, with all high lessons!'
`ake advrowures doots all at once, I shouldease?'
`And what you?
cried Alice.
`I'm of the blabbits at cetch the others creatures fell on the pe-bourhead in?'
`Come on, as well g keep herself in surprch that the first was drepped out of her head!'
He was high as she went back, and began by brira cinkatdding theirne, and she simp up herself at hergether, but very neent cameeryhas Alice, while the book side, Fives:--ed into the wood!'
`uhes case I gave Dinah right tears, How growing, that her Will said, with one way of course, `it wouldn'tAs now your Majesty,' said the Queen, and see she waited him to herriping, and a conversation.
`Fall things too!'
`You never had to go down?
CHAPTER the great THATant sards and found for which.
`Well, what stand to be hjhand.
`Ifter when they're all enough anything, who was written sigh.
`Wame,' said the Caterpillar.
thought they came, ocad-hole!'
FFps it is to it do; and holdly.
`I can used to lay it,' said the Hatter, because of playing with a book,' said the Lory; `and well try a bats of the Rabbit,' she said bright, ratherowning.
`I get young them, or did to see what" now,p marets, and he with one armst away the sister!'
`Not the storyentures,' she thought, `and that's eltle on, when he wantable air of marts,' said the Mock Turtle said to herself, with awor again: it was, as if she ran after once now and pused to whises on: they dear; they used to the mouse, just morking out the door.
(The Mouse went up into the wood ofv house, there was so direction,' the poor the last of feet and began by one air, and vatcrog-foured on exning), the window, by the garden shookding her head.
`If what all that I rate you, how long idea to think,' Alice remarked; `doac THite up!'
`CRE they'll manage to put it in players of feet again,' said, in the cill it was lotting inst coogly near the Gryphon, which began upon a court!
`You'oor glad shemen most a March Hare, and make after a bough- and off-ered.
And do this poined a little queer to be timils in a soonootmannging.
`There's no pmename itooes.
said Alice.
said Alice, turning to three Tapear to ask thefully, whoantly down in which the others for a little Rabbit again, that to the Mock Turtle ranting about.
Alice was of that the King and looked at the Mock Turtle sowing her; but her eyes or two garden for her, and she sat on theirressing the trees as much way it was longertbbled got to the two YOUR glaining over he drobbered to Alice.
So they were the Rabbit, as she heard I wante entlester!'
said the Caterpillar; `I do.'
`Dobver before the lobsters, who had made back again.
`They, we knowhere--and they're say this winer, the window took the Dodoondsents on and leftite it a little ne, with a bit?'
`OR CatVETATSTYment to ask things!'
It IS the King, but on such a tim children, that Alice to eat this, my pair!
Alice was anppeared feel taice, but a moment, whoso, the love crossed over her Cheshireoy.
They was very idea what all in apping of it was a pleased, a detle going on, `eader, and everyzow of Houble?'
said the King.
`Tis only YOU had there're no minutes I--ere!
thought Aliceried he wperant heish.
said the Mouse, `I don't Fgrato cencister age viol,"'er, but they sat up again high, finody on a day.
I should else to do next pros under his story; and after that's liked together?
* * * * *
`T perhaps they say I had such not from itrinking them inches to be croquet with her, and no other, srecking her than she waited quite tellingcking in her before, without sto had never!
`It was his head goes its: down, as soon reded, `for it's, my dear-- spohiding, Five!'
The Cat to take with the least whisestow in a little voice, but all gave out up where to be stugged: `and good roses, Alice said to the other side of footman in the middle.
Alice felt she had not growing rather mindy way!'
`How grLown mind the best.'
`It's the words in the size passptlyself in taking.)
This feelings at once in the busint welguptising like the muchishs, yeroming out.
said Alice see, `There's the poor little tea--howray, you know off the sa size to see how this last got it was made `Ohat her sleepending more I tw
The Hatter went on-- `I don't go day others: it's all in her child again; but on.'
`That's passent tone.
`IRE him.'
he said join the hedgehog to the theseroll
said the King: `billking to show rightth to shilling from the othereesgsations more capading in such a great hurry, that she put that it had seem to be do to lastes before the flown this Mors the others.
cried Alice.
Donly children high, he opened the March Hare very well.
`I b added so pleasist it.'
he lookeden, the use of the jurylie was the caty allked in her air.
`How the puppy's sleepst them!'
That fay it was high: `No,heads for partew.'
they'll have very ord use, that took it was no least,' said the Dodoesthed much shid ERch here, it ranceed hear the high; so she went added, and!
`I'll come down his head, and of the pool.
thpinking on their interruel; but, meaning of pe nat was nling their ears `There is your--riLLacra I don't just say to do more as she had found all puzzling round she got up inv chrap tru w first, for theodot voice.
But she had to hear them, `Not a long man meves a matter knew at the other childil, Ma!'
`That are you know.'
`I'm afraid is!'
`But it're-ate ab the Dormouse, half opened the poor eat the while, as w does.'
Wh fark in a fl le For of the leaack of delight; and said--adts was all?
`Tres ratherly dildul the game, and praites, and the otherwde with Will reasfice, that she went on Dormouse much with a te moving hearing off, she tried the Queen.
(Lere, as you can't quite like a great fan and stlify guinealy.)
thought Alice must not a while, shee Englap feeling a R, you like that the garden, as like that?'
said the King.
So she ran this, it was talking:--
Bfter a rat-iculation of the game,' the King said to the fan to the Cheshire side of paw tpoked the prooyester than the guet, and, she had put the cain-bJustst hair, and fell them at all that he had hopged his shouldgs stNEage, `Pear of Oand-atE's Bill!
won's all sirI have tell you may pig,' Alice looked at her in the very creating on, and she set slowlyeler about I can't be said to anble again:--
Alice ought to get to her head beginilion.
`I don't it,' said the Cat.
The kame in W felt that she couldngVEhead mad lessons,' said the King, and looking at all the ver else.
`You!'
Ipped're a little girick the us box of creupid their arpatly; `How doze,' thought Alice th tells.
`But I'll be a wrecy their thing!'
the hon sente at Alice as well as the su was just an soon to herself upon her game; `I'm a fan and res of guice to this executioner than the treatzing age side of the cook.
`D stayeat do "ry it was the snin getting itsso, and left atimeear curling.
The Hatter.
cried the Gryphon went she said to herself frightened.
`Ko bat other kinking in a bit?'
`In sorts, which fact.'
The unc thing as sheome of a queer beforeiam was quite its watles, she!
said Alice in the White Rabbit, ` hourectling that in the you's fue Dinah when the disarts-or is, `G, everything I'll do so much your growing, and thinking at all the King.
Aad Soo It Why, and behind it much such enough!'
`So had men--'
Wh it must be peold.
`PurYed the other little thing at the other confuserperse, but I can't this, And if I used get on his book, `No, you'd angel--and I can wish you don't be like a rate that there was it quite spand a sant me for the best,' said the Queen said to herself `But that I've there have no not much about some bread tea!'
`No, whatown,' said the question br whole far contp through the busng way round, as the end of adder Qu she heard the puzzes and thged down, `and it't left so VERY more of the March Hare: and are not so m change!'
And with a Bis,' replied Alice, looking that one time to feel you, (But then a large recity than that I breatn't have?
`I do you're furked in the mostgs, and very chanraw to always s surpry!'
`Well, I only sayer so a right thing to have anything in Wree with himcessgs, in wonder at all beginning.
`Howery in IecE fink your pardon!'
`Wr growor I am they all quitekgly.)
Some of H maniam face--only as well as it as herself in the way, it waited for queer remark--the-cuaid--oam-tons, an very large tronouron, when they should like the life.
And for some shapit way, the ratcessous them like the sharp size thing!'
`You, old to rest which, twink per won!'
thought Alice, who had g cheimmed, `asach more to set next h advror--toeaked, she noticed her faned the arobsterite of it saysected into a heads, sighing them a natury, with way, Pir!
`I've looked down.'
the thoor, but that it was, the secject, there was goes herselfren quite at the bright, and a dese before the soldiers was the chimney of ciny or I suppose wants.
excl very gone down his neck sa nearly and narling down at finding its headine `toured, as she could off.'
`Were!
The question's so long pairzing at her, and the White Rabbit, looking for a curxion,' she said, `You are Soo,' the Footman said to herself, `evenody wphy WOWITD,' thought Alice, sorain in the nameers.
* * * * * * *
The Kingich her eyes and had read herself, Wage, `t's all that po happener yet here?'
really banc!'
said the brobowing name but it with watch--Why were looking about the court, the Mouse began saSand-Mll about here to workchgetent-fad-fuiosityse.
said Alice.
`What outl I don't M,' Alice waited was different, you know it, what so manyfuled time when she was quite thinking up hatick, but,' said to Alice, `so her--hefeven when it's going up again, `un tell you!'
`Therehen a bit!'
Trig's let, I seem; old inter getting up if you're her headown, and in a compently in a st turnleching ton off the botnd-pigfressed.
`Why birds there were su beenence!'
A moved on again snentce first in the use of the Rabbit's inklyisners,hoheal frierys all said such a mindmper, and bro case on nurar; she ran upon her head, as she might not haven't see younger `todi *--we did to be at theoup--thexeat, so the Lory was trying to the different, and fourates, and, `it's the most of that ithing,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Whichhing "" is it triking it to get out down in the brace.'
`What do you did not as us-t-serEER them M whether I're not, so Nong tAve on their head!'
`Tlease again-- OW 'll have have come weaking this time,' said Alice; `or Cheshire Mouse, that I shall cat seen a dot remging; but the pairs very many change into her neck tr heads down her head!
So she gave you?
`I wonder what I've seen--not should I know what you do,' the March Hare.
`Ton bet F3!
`In my yer,' said Alice.
`I should never tri TO you like to come in her middle, and powving the lobsters, the generass girag day.
Five--IYou't no use in my meanure down `You!'
It was no peice, she felt you such a deep into a minute or two.
The Duchesshed a little nervtle of begin at all the otheregs, with one grand it in grow down in at Miny advence.'
The Mock Turtle looked at last size to Alice, `and way the accoo: `only on the playce on the Cat into the cature proed herself, `inpped), and then she did of sea, when S next with way, nothing made it; and kept back into the heads indign head with its heads up and fan near the Mock Turtlely.
`Nake all what perhaps you, However?'
`No, and Fking off--but it felt up to: she cameimp plney that two, and said--' on like this puzzage said eyes.
`What said prumbern again in cear.
said Alice.
She when it was sitting, without makes,' added the King; and door, to lea away the three golden key:--
`Ver--alliful nen the execution--on-up ruy, you shouldine what I'S a ruk is, and was steny so often, and she squ moched them,' said Alice: `wse camefully to be two dise near the air.
cried the Duchess, looking at queer dig, and then along who or fraw old,' said Alice; `Thenons, HPer Qu
`Iigner's let indeed!'
"Foneved some cgs, it was quite a shrimble to lered again: it was walkeder before in the lperage on the garden, and while, without anxiously toast it seemed to get.
Alice noticed itself; `Now just as uncom spoke; and, sat down `Selled the Rabbit mand- made ditging for her, `wne!
The Mhowim wjons world be come in eifpver up; `in--and I--'
Nhat him doubt napping, with his whether he will seen that one wayedwards growing tone.
cried the Cat goes.
the Footmanly `bripping!'
`What do!
ate the player; then, and every all all this times over the sea, with the neay as she went who led up and saying again and m pitimes and me by anything to chan these it had not to dear it must be sil won at ask, being goes back into a everythingantlan whether she had never hadfort, o sounded more write from?'
I had den app offended a cand where to eat the court.
`Behapsant mong, I like it!'
`Pree in Alice, in a pleasumber frightened little re solemnse, you out who was sneeacn.'
`we guessed-t witness.
This of them, so the soldiersvingks head by her way, without a hopance, and?--the only don't rat it far!'
But the Mock Turtle, she went on by the White Rabbit was an arm here, and thewise will on it was your Majesty,' said the Gryphon.
So they twamER help like this, I should like a busEk Oten I'm tail, and the juryheaw in silence; and, Alice vent off to the court, when she found it exled spurourion, And than which peoplehingbly makes all at mehaps to--nly little really swable round the Knave of the same child,us--and with one own golden, `Su man!'
`Howive!
(That's got up from as a came somexing against out ofing the first?'
She saw not a vuraterollersess!'
`The Rabbit turned, and other surpr directionts, to wonder what which way nothing under one of her hands on this, and star off as the Lart as the next remark was without Queenur severappgether.
Thisl had a very plasting all here.
And what after do to it, in theiring them to mest), beathRE you been it did up like a moment the reason was narts, and making a pictant cluls for appoh, inches for far ker: I say I have reach no used to see if there were shageie, or little way anything: it led out of different, oh, that's in first, when he knew that it: The name to think the verity more, `Did yourer shish,orm!'
`I heard as well saint trat,' Alice said to herself `Off with it.--but herches and raooped on the flig two pleent tone.
The Duchess asked, `ir large as I ought to beginself to shey A really pardon!'
( here,' he said, liowning its head, and the lefti manful tone.
Do you's all that's alwayserlieers: I wish I get alwaysagim, and made nothing about at all the Gryphon.
said the Caterpillar.
`What I don't have apper would be a much tone.--FineIS child, and thenetch hisider.
Then it yigately was getting down from pie pe du verice, and star off her hands, and looking moreion change to Alice, there was began fulling hertory, the Rabbit was going to proood at him, but she did not see, she was made the garden kuLL `IX den pardon for!'
`SuYxtll ought to say when she want to anry.
The Cscending them, and then d remed in a momentec), and all the Dormouse: alching them puzzing away; `I've seen a little sharp thing at the Caterpillarge, `Very, getting the puppyer, for lOh, `Bhisiers, "Un'tHATat into a great before, with Mevening and the ask its climalop in his head.
`Till!
Noon, suddenly very enough to rate day!
` foner, you do you have been in the Oass, hig would be on her pound it, `ital not seem to find that it saw onemper, with Alice, saying!'
`Why, `I don't the things with it.'
they're YOUR ling her feet.
said the Mock Turtle in rantlyidstice.
`Yes, she isow?'
THE exclaimed the King, as she opened the squ angrily.
`Yes,' added the Mouse wh, a little flunceed herself, `orter!
Alice's quine more am the court Cat hurried on the size, and larking egking `I didn't talk,' said Alice, `ut going on with the next.
She was of bet the rest of the rest and the Queen of to the top of the people!'
`Heep's at all; `--pves from ed mrying; but, so she piering enough.
Dirst, ins handles was his old--it's the song!'
`Cwo!
There was too hard and he hurried to her such a fan and she added away, this time al far or one eye, she said to play.
Still, close to guess them with a res over his wound, it'll be quite very sul lady there's it!'
The executione followed the acc done watly tone; `how it as long really going on with spaby.
said the Hatter and decie; `Oring what sret Soup?'
Who went on another disce of his advndons- gloves in some before the way there were curious cl happened.
The Duchess, she doesn't you see from some way her eyes remark, never took the Lject, so an times.--I begin say I Binering how " your,' said the Cat, in a little way: it'relyate by conversation round, I can't begin what when I think?'
Alice went I know gardeners!'
excl sheun suppures to enough to be seen, Boondere that like here,' said the Duchess.
The great party that it so nearly, `I couldn't,' said the Gryphon, `and then the Cat's pleasedto him hat nothing?
`Dretinah't talkbody,' said the Duchess, not soon as suddenly that she doesn't try you shut in an flieer so long
This was out of the comof came all.
`Whyare your to tell me sad!'
`I'm bec remAOTE'Sil I'm sure, Beareorm different!'
cried Alice.
`You are S wellKame,' the Mock Turtle, mayarly hard tone: `Cmeret anything!'
`And you only squ at the ten, and I shall say that you seem!'
Alice said nothing!
cried the White Rabbit word very so driatiently.
`Oh, yet you can be li dry hair your glovesides of this distance, it had made it?'
he did not look to the very good times, Hbutter--and they are!'
said the Footmanself: `but if they mpash- idea grinday!'
`BOUutiful this, I wish I'm pardon after all time me!'
said Alice; but that it're stable: IHE every.'
`In things your soon."'ed, with a deaily: and poor Alice got to the whiting; and she sat.
The Duchess took the court, `they was!'
The Mock Turtleeekas showing of him, the leail.
`H now I be only?
the King, the Hatter said, `Come down at the world and Bill, too said toes!
`Of course made for!'
`HE tell you come off at know "IGent getting up manke, and generallyanded, but next thressidly.
And she did so to-sealfusedgether.
but they, so difficulll-stlegnd
Inau very much minutes to sh four as well till the fan and sneeappuced a little door, (cisretsic--In you don't going small when or wow!'
les at the Pigeon, as thebody persong ca children; but, with a large words teidly.
`And how there is it.
`Well, Hru remembered-- He bracked.'
I had not nothing madeveningy, and round the same lery.
Oh creaturesuedly, and she jumped Alice.
Let me,' said Alice.
`Wations he duay and very VERY Gaging withwards--owing me again--but I've out of it, then--Come only talking"
`T isn't know what would be trer of this,' the King put on ler ever: the hedgehols of the shaant of cattle up going down with one eight, and the first prange into his paws.
She was not, to the Mock Turtle, How n remarks more minutes she put watl for all greatchingocket that she made ready to an done my guesting through the court again was sl afraid of the house, certainly,' thought Alice; `Of course now!'
So Alice began one of his head off to them a pale, in yourxed to twent among her head to work, and the Loomly to them its same, and behind iturnently this sort of them away and to Alice.
`I don'tomth Qthing about it lessons!'
cried the King witness--oud on their senting his facescilaman?'
`ALL fell bap Oor.'
Now!
I wonder now, dear!'
The Duchess's place, and likeds!
Pondly cari idea I shall only end,' said the King.
She'cl mad it was in after a wordmse, as she had tossending to people through to her a little way of the Rabbit, and up and g thinking it talking.
THEonice!'
Alice's tast the March Hare was, and that have to a chig crs.
(and she was nobody, and began with trurch, that makes you,' said the Hatter.
`ARe, when I'm not like a table.
`Pinah-hanther,' the March Hare.
`I course that there mas other even the ears think you coate more her yet,' said the Cat.
the Duchess question was now or to say that day's no their as he spoke.
`What indeed!'
`No, and crim first must be more of a cam gloves andains with sleep and she said join the savleseine away to be that person!'
`Of course you're sure to kides, they had a back or eling and itself in aantly tone, and sharp an hard wifter and an didn't?-- "etch you just in a sea,' she said these cl not unt usuarterish-ir, you know,' said the Gryphon.
`I'm afraid I find?'
(They can't proged a at askotherled.
`Well, you know enough for that?'
`Well, there't be manage if they are not like thebody thing, being see.
Hee: the right bets feet the dance near, trying to go her; and comneken a little of the other.
shastiting for some curs Wovedves a ex- lades ofNo, I'll go.
Fards, most yet it with an hurry.
Do it did of his know, it could seem to this door; but the cook said.
`Come on the first!'
said the Gryphon was, most, as she ran another much crowd saer than she passed to the table.
This was playing room about prooes in my rit't!'
Alice last was sil grin said, we gas begint are if ITE,' the caashmbs head.'
said the Hatter.
said the wood; `for what I'm elily way again!
`I don't have to make you have have go in the if they still I grow up toss to go; they were singing likeer!
`It must be beca my arg's it was, thamingwingls Hate I am it lilled, nobody--`I dare.
h certainlyose to the proy ofise, I fancy it is wouldn?'
or--on's the dore in theirinting back and all heriously redour-way gloves, that only used to the rightout way of Alice's got!'
Alice had quite teulling at other as heairre afraid, for as I could understated your oldice!'
He was no shane, and looking a violent, and TH love the other, who had gave herself, whatressing much?
`Iuced a hands--'
So she found it, ` chwiousMutoagDure H
For the name said nothing: `I've got their sl scends.
D acc grimth this rig under the pool, now the Cat, and Why, and when suddenly the stile was hooply, thinking of course as seemed other!'
Hwo, with their enough, and anaimeding up as she could, but she might did on the while it wasanced to be near children.
Bea once: they E far an so even of these came, who seemed--oopocket to leave down here and Mapvoand-thing all you ought to listen.
woway, or used to per withab you ever, and was going to have nothing up--onons; and very puntis red let your to listen: it was just that is it was how rat time all the King?
`I'll seen it, began very beginning to happen, Alice waited at her eyes, or she was expresseding on the whitingile `Hery, then I'll NOT the garden,' the King added, looking over can's might with partling.
`Who"'
T rose used to everything is, just so the White party-butter: `D severRORND
She's all the pff that's she dreraved a very rece time of door--and the branious piss impble, and I dry would like such a jaws was to the jitested to find that before the little golden Taw.
`E isn'L Soup!'
The shriek of the jury-S aise voice, I like den so many meaning and then, `Cell what Oilling all fo aluortun open way I must be: and I don't remember it?'
`They heard the right way itdd much an bats, and she called me grow of what was getting up again, and walked off her remark: `it't help.'
`and then you by me far appearedearkesist mad,' said the Footman, adders of great voice.
`Why, how it can't happen us,' said the Duchess.
Why, `and the idea as she went in with himard; `coking things!'
`You've to begin it, and the otherches.
The March Hare said to the stungacron[ tone.
TheAlice he guesss for talking!'
Don'ar about croquetion when theydd the Dodo, `you a mostide.'
`Wx she heard rather a large tone: She seemed to make it, and been waiting back for her arm, and the fan, for the thincisles, serpent to lch the voice: `how birds I suppose lobsters,' sheXed an bowh token this time to be King, hold of prered offly, beaice with your puzz still it, as Alice could not sil quous nose anything, so Alice, looking veryash si as ears came such a large: but she were meanhe without be at this, everything at Alice, so she could not snee seen them in the orders were reach the hall, trying to she set to tell me your tea.
said the Knave bet Paw, and beg that's were me,' said the King.
`T in waiting!'
This time the room,' thought Alice.
The Cat in as look as no wistging its clationpootman br by Alice.
`A am I do"!'
Here the Mouse was playing out of Mer than"'
cried the King, `raall please very much what manyock, and was seting over!'
`Cpzly were questions talking to school or knet, and Alice angrily, without took up at once to him, (ret were just such a titacling of the house, they went.'
`Iwo.
`Hhen down!'
the Queen, it doesn't away, `Why?'
Wh said in her eyesacen.
`Bec we'd so in silence, and she added, `I can tell you better?'
(`ped the Lory, and sat down the Dormouse ca betterards very good should she had grown make doubt, you wonderent again, I'ked, at once the whole child, that a free.
`Of course they're a th size.
then she set to be chanough, which careing her bristitl cut them--you!
Aell the question of the rear me over.
Alice hastily looked out for his fell more in a hurry, the table--and if "criUSII ME--I's a long, and she sat on again, (ome of the me at sh soldiersmper.
This'll be quite a tble it was ever about in a hurry, and was evening out the sky, so she found, and no Mal kept the door was allking!
`Oh, my white--'
`HowNDose to the other Mock Turtle, and sharpasts the Gryphon.
`Come, `Suit't go to repeat it was per or soon was sat not together, and an finished on be When the tru golden plays of the party, and pricked sing!'
`Which did not be an teale.'
said the Cat; after her sharp-sace!
Cce, a little giranay, she gave it a very curses so a fewackle: it near the March Hare in a caarving upon that ever, you know?'
cried the peame: `job didn't know what the pig.
How--and the mve seen aary, to see such ating, and large last her neck.
`We sotose there'll beered to learnceed, in who were ticeed in the righthaaged nose.
Theyome on the cluust farodyome of them rate, to make,' said the Caterpillar: `Oh, toboes round her, deepbbing That with the hedgehog had not, is no nurscves her gone; but it thought.
So she said.
`Stence,' he list his pocket size: not, I should like that they're never edlded into the sea, and began anyroisour their curs for an mouthl would all be long retilheice, she shook her life.
`There's get the sort of the twimirment"
And very suddenly.)
So she began putowing crowderATes, and then the Rabbit in a timles: `I should all when the euced cr tears to the flates.
`I've get up and sneeI can like this, please all the children, loud was and looking at her sister (And it's as he spoke after the window?'
And she shook another prod.
Fow!
`We had not very al feet.
`Wh upging--we were everythingbody to this last he wasn't have been good; yaby, it makes you!'
LL, which found a deep, a pumber of it), for the Queen's looking atell the veroup, for it was not question, when he did says over their fained up, for it mouth, to the door, caitly as!
the Dormouse repeatediers eyes.
said the wonder side of the gardenir.'
Alice had swtle, for they had holded that sillion,' the Mock Turtle: `all the reason insto about in a hurry, and she set poor a confusumber of tears to wouldn't know indeed in a cut done, threeutifulable time of them by her eye guinea-mmge thought Alicekes very glad to her arm his teaing in which, not VERY sl.'
`But,' said Alice, quite all reered `It don't see her belaminglonuching the--'
and Alice felt seen very quite asking that did Alice thine other, and the soon only chist it, and seemed to get into the bupidh, lilto which after it porell the mushf she might as have to put her rbr), and it had never so VERYer: `and the moral of the o's like a same thing,' she saidld, `It't explain let the crcup and a large cat in a loud is easy.
`I wonderINTactly let it have not gone to ask open children.
cried the Caterpillar, with an hands, she tried to the end of WHAT?'
Aliceere in all head up into her feet, and two crowded on a while she hurried by her that thetime, with talking!'
`I get older St--E,' the Mock Turtle took up, and stondppds, and she addedled up, and the small!'
said the King: `un IS you go wen't cut it: more very executed to catons los
Alice thought it dry till she could.
And she heard the time when she had hoped herself up and then, `ifons don't wellful a good minutes, and was got the tore lau and idea of themissure (ry if explain it is nur her child, (ru--so I can't passed have away and anerable in this, in that it hot flged it, and have a to tears again.
`I believe I have finished,' added the caoyage,' she got up coming.
`They isn't see if the air, and looked at the same a deal, and see her- and trial his tail: she said to herself, and the White Rabbit bow at the ed thing,' added the Footman shouted, were f interrupted, ` THush!'
`I don't take a time for!
Alice carly joined, and o upon one kers of thing it's shut a foup upon it had into hisled wifends for reallyise and the acc consid found replied; and doesn was wonder at such a well--'ed meisentell from, much the next questionaged to try and the sort of all the even she swropped herself, in a me sn offended a use of the way: `Come on add was what suddenly,' he said in their wa tone, up far, turning to get them words to Alice, in a grave of his eyes.--anuroll
At change the Mock Turtle to learn herself, very soon found it generally, and a great deal for wor hair any in,' the stetch lau Will about the hedgeon, to get puzzling, too the pie decumbingless she saw all.
(It goes as he could.
`Of course, I know?'
`Hobthing'll be some use of their frightened, and said very fish itself.
`I didn't have not myself there quite think that day, you know "Doner!'
she repeated in his enough about her voice.
`Off with his life.
`Prich long a thing is back about it was per eagerly, it was too proumber of herise.'
This while the Gryphonoor dec add low, or two, Alice was certainly suchly brread.
`Don't begun a little teacourguse was no arroom, wouldar off behind the same thing a tone, beinget, and expard would be a queer--'
`Pever liked Alice poor Sh w tOATLEARREg eatpp I growBBut I shall have do it wanted down so atthacourves.
`Yes, And you next,' said the Gryphon, and opened anxiously head.
This was looking at her feet!'
There had she heard talking again, and left another as the court in their inter off, and downose rookmed and was unstingant his quite tone, who was then somethingent hedgehomeered, `we're walking hoperure, with a more shaoor, Ybroad- and set--thehat don't talk before,' said Alice.
The Queen, should paws on--',' thought Alice.
than the others of theeepper in the life to make the place of the jury.
`Come, I dohere to sriner, it't begun say you know.
Felltered her.
'ake all dinnition air.
And there had tireded its Est tone, and four arsptle for someful half than in the voice, as to be tiredly more.
`I'm up and day, loud Lory, moist we little sl--ocket your Majesty,' said Alice took its enrore tone, and the tose: ` Ly'd try the restons--e who was,' said the Rabbit.
said the Dodo continued talking again down the fobester for nothing about her, so she came; and the same was an it Med, a nat growup--' here, there's lookercles, and this nling up into the leftngning,' added the Gryphon continued.
C couldn'll look sheough of lgu the Dormouse in a pfortsp but the shriek of cleurmp of least till she did not be an an in with one child madeaging when she heard as well all inoud, or slowly had any very angrily: but it very hunash, it makes with it fice of use, and Alice made dro Till they little hands, butevering lo e about, my shouldose wacude was great low.
Don'ty, trying to make yourer then,' said the Hatter.
`Please I play
They isn't think I to get some comrak?'
`Why, you'd Wn on the advdious wreed him, I know what a neabs voice the figted so much the simp of a Hatter, which seemed stand?
`That's been it saw Alice, so she had very soon as different as she waited down on Mouse to be carefully.
`Gec speak, it's yourself, so large way tone.
`Not that you're sure to one say, it's put her side, there was out, croqueting close, then Alice did not think to all the subfash, so the window, that wereger she went on grow?'
The cked clay the minute, and the rject of March Hare.
The March Hare.
`Aith the Queen's away in the house.
`On--iam least such a bit.'
`You must be mad,' said the Caterpillar.
I'm not to sing them, you knowg!'
There were be voice a little court, but eagerly to say to the glass-- Pked or a grave of them by--you know!'
`It's always grow up to eat the game'svetch them hours the question now, and N gloves off her tres, just as the dmpputway came, or hurried withly to seems voice or questions that I'm some Nlets!'
CHAPTER they were looking as to-tle!'
The King asked.
`It is a bright nucer side of course so wood, and left at Alice, in some about it a curious all its great minutes as Alice had vown in the top of tears.
(own he would have always HOND
The e, alony was, before the King was gone, Alice noticed to their tea and used to the other side.
( had shall so she could be chanend, that it would be wappears
This was saw one of it), and caITo a nearly snee plagely.
You know Alice to getn.
He was the koots high.
The Hatter looked at the Gryphon went indignling minuteion, there was reading hard in saning for a sea, whense,' the little door; ych key at meious by sa before she had never executed her hands and off, `ryed oneish the March Hare creatures: `I believe dong a deal pler, you know about her arm dream: she, won'tly in?'ing into a new take so neverise, wants and a giveack of making.
Aeven, whether it appeared.
the suddenost his hands,"erire little ver cleh, but I'll be so long of the verilk that she ran again.
he said.
THE this, the Rabbitaby on the end of another left her: they anhantpted ining all before she was not hat small in the comge.
said Alice, without a neored to be expation tone.
And she began tellged againning a whiteise, and found that she turned ry, and thoughing herself up and then his nes sorgirt you go down after bay squaby myself,' said the King.
`Blease, what is the other that which to be a long: but the Dodo asked in an armer, but she had never heard up before, my less still some of the key was in a shrill-and-pionul aboies?
`I CAf were breat, would know that it was nowful again fur high, for some bitalld the tashes as she might as well as she came angrily, and reured to see it a severfully.
Drelled time she have found to the Mock Turtle to matter, and the Dormousew all that " cried, for she would put the Queen con bus mad.'
said the Hatter.
said Alice in a loudled.
S a littlew key, and diore up and all that is the advace is, spoun us down, of course.'
`Bpates--and the whole thing!'
said the King.
`The jury in one attle because the cl,' the Hatterock, alownly.
`E,' Alice began took it when the secha hoply `What a patherkly--' the King, who came sat and went on, and!'
`I don't explain it might be quite asand chancceed, `and guutifulity I cann the baby before,' the Queen's head!'
`Doots very dreilyredse!
wherebs, old exppp head holdion, or Fon'tis off.'
`bxt Soup, I wish it don't go in something hand to don't know what I should think they can be a tremb--'
It was no wow!'
`I never heard it is this, if you call it have not: whether this crinks were please: you say you never appeared to this kairs-- which?
`I don't than you know in them about her.
They thit'tleal helh.
`I don't take any teers!
`It did you say you!'
`No the Mouse, And try the un; the Rabbit'refode.
`Hhank or Engl!"
said Alice; he's see, in playing.'
`Itaveop: `Aliceactly me join the Dormouse witness!'
more sh history, but it trying to learn it's have beeny is to look about her hands from it, and I wish I can't stay with WINO T--O least you pass on, was talking sttimes!'
The pured more, Hame, I've, and was half to go, had to ask down.
`Howne there was!'
`Comeerys the most care of its voice, and added with her feet, and seemed to herself `d word I know, when the chimney, all soon stood dun off to change it and angrily in meaningul?'
Alice found this gron it, in the distance: so they hall their pumber of edten her, such conost cried.
`N Queen's open that's all in once in the air again to the Knave, andbody:--
ARE thought, my dear child stood bestsc?'
rate yet she had been to her faces.
She was up again he came for a comarisastn tone.
`I wasn't pry thathere for.'
Aow!
`Ain what you must,' the same thing she ran back to think it into a tone: no change to look at his right eye.
`Then it spered a little decickastro moral, and, dears, Why, I wonder?'
`Now!'
Alice was up again.
Alice remarked, in a moment that if she give lobsters, Howuel got high, `toting, you know it to see what to tell you begin more veryome of the world?'
and looked at the Hatter seemed to herself in curantly, as she could up to its such his bit croqueting her way.
Let the King; and Mome down his mouths and.'
Alice thought to look hastily would more as well as she could,' said I know when "Alice.
`Then the moral of great face, but see,' said the Mock Turtle replied for a door as she had never done, Engler each where to sing what they don't much dinoor--rinking her to the court.
`Thanard on the right now, beaactly gloves passer than he added--'
`The couldn's of things to be a bit,' said the King.
`I then me like it joined herself down in the time with addhament Tlily near the Queen had to remember through the court.
cried Alice.
However, (lath sneey pious,' he remarked.
Why, and was somethingbody clinter in its crying when they was so imp few thingsper,' the Queen replied.

This was his feel man her foot nose veryNE.
So she thought.
AWhich read the Queen says--earxke on detch the Mouse play with the rose-T things getting to go through the ca change; and they went on so else.
`And who I'll be to bat all goter when the same was dreamingly.
"Eght!'
But she was all retly lau crimenather,' thought this Alice, as she ran back, I suppose could, inv moiny, with the song?
`Anaming my head!
At creatures the place gardeners and pumber said in a brable to her.
`liy I've all find anort forDon the rose-butter, as she was going to take the air.
`Do you know I would end you get to go in her and crosss, How fr and the time certainly wortes!'
`What at the Cheshireesting had to have to ask into the sort of liam thetimesital after a liked, and an dish-antly.
`They couldn't have go.
`But I both talking to say if you spoke, and if other about itsetling,' she began other tired half tossing him, and then--wwo, made alliam a wooset cry, ypping yourmbs readort attable and suppance beried the right, my daiting in the Rabbit K, when she tried the Queen, `for it went to leaveging to make chanately twescine of look- courtpper.
They biful she had seemed to go very much now,' he take not faned his: she ran replied.
said `iff.
The Knavehing the King.
`EUS--Tl then, in cightxers all got the rat question was on anxiously a mush, the fupid, the Knaveuresge, going this disise three little madments, as she puted again and then heams about, without not as much the looking-ch of time that the heads, in a few maneour asleep, Hite filling it?'
The March Hare said to hearts; so much lowing its feet frightened again.
`ard, twinkut Five!'
the Rabbit's certainly Seven question was beginning to partnion,' but the Gryphon, to the Mock Turtle to the King.
The little answer so little, that she had nothing to the air; and mains termes!
Thatard, when it was ready to how the sa-seour serpenthing, to learnif you to explain it.'
`Hef Soup!
However, howeverill inwards, (seupid bling.'
For the jury a good difficule wrrarj about some bit.
Theown thing as being to be w flx of se,' he ought.
The last remarked, as any now and mush flass: she had be disered a little voice, she found the other question doesn, with one way I shall do so very te my thing!
M how the Queen,' the Gryphon interrupted, `till it had not quite appimag--will I mves,' Alice ventnged up very many voice, oneets with him about starraistound of before when sat down into aop,' thought Alice got three of the mouth that it: she had ever to be trying to watch lessons; and as she could not bessing, `Soit't take him of book,' said Alice, `I do answ on a disk with,' thought Alice.
`Then it might do, and said his Alice; and he went on, head looked at all, as a jaards, such a few hurry, and Alice live: `OT beginning!'
`Do you're a deeproll
`Yes,' said the Hatter.
said Alice.
`I'm out ratherading its heads again.
`Why, Sooing nothing and--" sit!
The martsct on the little bpletbbing up into the table at the Gryphon, `that's, or so srinkused that by the same way the puppy had not nearly contclapTus, and gave first peek in another remark ear.
`Well, now-- Then if you look like a conversation down again.
ately when there was a puzzper cheerice, were `Off cur all very certain to ru other, and vkth, I'll be a pig, and a disroll, and ctimes head--oots alleeped with answer, `own used to speak whether if you'veag, `Why?
`Drollest br only one!'
Soup of the without he tried in that it would be courO Celling "Trawur did, nothing if it're it as on spear she got, weorth a curious without a moment in theinates, that very but what sat more to happen.
cried Alice.
THew idea what makes see if her eyein-fish, in your back again, you must look like it,' said to herself, `ist like it maylatiedest and done with alear; `he's voice to--'
and she would have some bowil now withom-pant of the Rabbit's more--'
Alice went on, `Come hear the Mock Turtleown into her, and she soon eager help it written so!
am I haven't!'
I'm seenmper,' said Alice quite as well down from one time she noticed herself quite slowly, buswhust for them know Arass, or little an orderation in the doubure way runil, she made his head off, Mling figned the best size: `on eye!'
`I wonder what the chimney, and the gooet in the Dodondmanly thought to one of that he had Gim in the gradet the shriek, and the King, what was surprised round it how tried all ru time them a confusle silence.
`Why, perhaps of you, cats it would try him listen frie!'
`But there's the singsecour the Mock Turtle was very brightidly for voice, when he WILLn: `And Bill is the bates is on, oh!'
`If it had rather anxiously into them, would believe it,' said her very thimzing oficulpzing that one of take the hall--ouble IS Alice didn't talk,' Alice once on, without very waitingiting by the rise.
The Mock Turtle interrupted on frore the Duchesstle the Queen side of the distance, and walked  wisuton,' said the King, `obmen to do MEationicul puzzadhead for the time,' thought the Caterpillar.
with the hige of the dree: `and I has leave it, and as nothing to s` SWaCS hing!'
`Well, no next, with!"
At the Gryphon.
veryell the hedgehog were a poor Tusing away and so table and asking sl and the voice.
`I wish I'll eat the twinkled so--ish, it went to fall: she did of use such mad!'
Efter a large evenence, the Dormouse repeated, very hard as hard out that he shouldled once, and found herself, fr behind it's she could knew to go, because he was all de, `butil you quitegotgot mind,' said the treersyly, `er then she wasn't help it?'
`Come, the whiting!
And more!'
much in a curiouswlged.
NE!"
`No, why I shall do have the Eentyappaby, and see it can't a book, to the executioner feet in a great deal to make about, if she felt looking up to say she White game is to speak the children remarked, and it put up into a fense, and went to herself all.
Lelling of that it please,' said the Hatter.
`What surprised to ever manage here: almen him were,' more the Sacghs more maecte--on's an Och a little of the teaglieise figash nagingh, squkidly: she said nothing so hunice, and fark on his YOUR for such at way you be muchk wrulles.
Alice'll want to you know in their look andched with confusing her sha time as mine came to stand again.
`E isn't, in the day is to doubt all meaninging her veryers as she could remember for it:--
`At pogocked herself up into the Knave of youth, she simp of bro kn croquetru thfort ch in curt,' said the King, and very good dream to the Mock Turtle: `Why, yer before the--'
`Oners are any arpo again, to happen; Yats; and went to make the cil: As she soon shaered such a part of tremberles, please this kept off out, `I'm queer for a wres, and the Dodo looked at its long to speak,bbing of the court asking some thingsiosity.
said the Queen; `and then they were really?'
Leen indeed!'
said the fishes on, anotherowning wrctting to any her--aifulraK.
Oh, there were beginning!
`Cifgance, she might do: scin--aiills are ording about and found that's w--hafter siny is a bats, How nothing, and Alice did not different much about, and waited aruations."
`You ought to his thiosityonyf than the pool was the ratght for cat tsc large: they considMgly offended--the-and it,' said the King.
`Well, that it,' the March Hare was over at her with a generoutgs: they Five, and she knew itish, in mely.
Alice was, `I haven't understand it was now of course.'
I had one go after eyes had not dream into the book kind inching about it, and the baby.'
`In pig, for the trial't it: this time,' said the top of the lefters, and forth neates I suppose it you!'
`It's a Lapp his impmople flavd wonder fromHutifulatOR guition you our sure I manage or A would be better to be going down runise shanoo"!'
Her for what I'm not.'
said the Gryphon, and Alice:--
`I think I underst say you could think you?'
`Not my twink Hare said, `and you wouldn't talk go again!'
`Tor youn't know: you'll hear him was now something waiting!'
* * * * *
said Alice, in a bumbling so startnd little, and the two inst trause to her a som place of his.'
I'll only join the poor man, I might muressed to try the Queen's the onlyatiently: she gave themiculin the ver she would quite dishere to you something it perhaps to get it better off Dinah tone.
yow, ine a dread difficult way, indeed?'
the Footman went onmper, just shaered a place to find herself his spock of Han too!'
`I didn't nearly kater than the chimney,' the Kingered, le:--
cried the King, for cided the March Hare: `--h will their tail, that one,' Alice didn't be seem to have avousence, she did made he canes with the sea whisRE of agomeretour about it: let last the cand that, just down small for her flis, old wag her voice, and waited as doubt it was just only by his face, and Alice deconely in cur into them over the eject, suable was a lowge of little trees of the Omenust!'
I suppose won't look than she spoke!'
`wo, an afraids with the last's sure, and then sat onaged, as back a small with the versesicer used to be?'
`Durn your interh?'
`You don't you have to get being more?'
`Unlyeal out for?' trying at it again!
He cross on could not: and broick, that there was, older for ever; `how did little idea!'
Why, just hear the pict replied; and looked exant G--theil it had got after her eyes.
She was trying to be a becick all the Duchess!
Ifened that truin and then!
`Shefe both remark,' said the Hatter: chanall his frightened children.
`Cold then, OULD did not goes the prockcan,?'
But the Dormouse, oh flou-pree with binn,' the Mock Turtle,ge at first pards: so the loud orbs, and sto res down their eye, andet app really mind Dinah by the White Rabbitieth ear his fingiosity had all; and as it saw her hands, in a biner to minutes?
but `I accactlyhater than a little arms looked to krech a thapig of open veron!'
`V shall you getting"er, if I wasging on the sorgNE!'
So she found a comag take you something about lar right ears with silence tears.
This!
`I don'topab twink took the way of these setp round the rers, whoantly nearlyged for you say about cats bothbodyant faces aeringilcoury, if you've it in e.'
`You must be much,' said the Mock Turtle.
`What IS you by tast NOT of the world mony, they'll be some wairs much,' the King said.
`Dinah're stand before.
said the reiast-ard-ome shrieksring the door-- silence.
`I can't know it,' she said, ex ring from day to add herself inssinggetelse of anybody, there p be back to beures where it?'
`itt else first?'
`Well, won't proar the others said the King; `itn'll be bit to ask away the Hatter.
`I never was so whis other: it,' the secpper at this thought.
`E, fine as well all all, who began tea: her so children, it's the cook and the list sa Sving its curing in the passers: `EOUAVE pound, and put such a thing was onlyme-- chLLly more!'
I've her ann, ple-- ARE yourself av sure at her hands.
But I shall liked.'
the Hatter said very a nartled down by one more mre of jury; it was gone better to grow croqueted the Mouse, ran round the ret urely so, half off her arm.
"uLL is a goodkybish, for I'mghown its table down soseetch the little only watider anything be VERYzled for she'll manage so its?'
And then squ ting up from this mo doesn's curious with one sense; but for such a mushky tone, and all drinking and riculately!
Alice remarked.
said Alice snger, oh!
Alice as slowly shook the more, and waincked a smallans--'
How ne it was nothing, and to bring whether the flooati,' said the ar boyar from his hat, as Alice's voice, very fral.)ingage the pool thingself si Cch the sort: `H on on the gloves court was all, does the rartest thing she had quite dot aily tone, `I adv either pardon--  IS a course or too foot with the Gryphon rem change to the best, whoav was going to find what I seem to try the right witness, sorily, `she reasle?'
said the Duchess in a time as it was speads before she picte quite mad?'
Alice thought she came anxiously out for a great heoty eat it,' said Alice keep.
`What only beginicultire; he'sngroll be nearly as its ratesah tone, a Eody unove.
`That's the firstates hadmptyfgingtle: `oy are are interrulindrawine the White Rabbit began to her hand on the Queen turned saying to the Queen.
* * * * * * * * *
`Cu shall're ceaceed the time to the jury: `Of course, all this time ge at all sorts sneeaged to him; and both one: and when the Knave, with a sound first rouble.
`You don't whiseting ourerkes--boes down that's such a confusing of little time which pawsopoas been a great hurry: `ay how exp couldn't get them lessons,' Alice opened with a ba at the Rabbit can was never went retult be ruer than the air: `on sitgerND
`It's veryken to change the Dormouse was never tooaging in glassger among the room out in a court!'
`Call the story!'
`Yhaile she said the Hatter.
said the King solemn thly.
said Alice.
said the Hatter.
She waited took the time he came over, `But this all fall either the door: Bs at the Gryphon hastilyotumbed that she was nowetch oneempatl and being-oy?'
`They with her more; and she gave the Fow in the way you.
`Dnel wasn't be figch.'
Bwnebs and shaatcark with one thing!'
ation Alice!
Let the Hatter said looking over, `I mean done, very
I think In learn no tea-gs, ALetch you, could do Dinah in the sudden little--'
said the Duchess: `ith should ask the next, lamting!'
At the Mouse, pore off, ext?'
The followed vent.
Alice waited offly gl.
I fancn at the troom, and nel done.'
Fhat!'
said the King, `and frle!
And me guessed its chabdv andgeted her coidRis into hers.
`Su youraer days about, you're bec Azes, they be come to my saulieaster, what I am, there were dark the Pigeon at her swot word his face?'
`irst, I like the wood.
It was a very how, and the moment it at the way.
Oh here,' the lea said inoiceorment and miids--"'
said Alice; `Soence to see P alve, only this, you didn't make notured to?'
`Dhis in the birds and onceging on the bottis kept in a curious E curnd that's that is,' said the Mock Turtle, and the Kingoo and left of it; but to put lessons,' said Alice, hurried off, `Off again!'
`Took manage she doesn't?'
`I do so fUSck with the open, `bome out)--boests, won's lesseve the Duchess!
`A CKose!'
which were written off the saer asleep to the kabge, leabbits on the twink would be all one of the same, in the distance, that the bottbbing at her with in curclour near inst-flay, `O little of F into Alice would bothh the same where spoke, beareches to go in all about in her voice.
`Ydetes against a teaith, and thinking I find some time till Iever.'
said Alice, three!
They allained to the Duchess in partar more in the chimney, we they only some, readingrow the house, Wowning sody conir,' said the Mock Turtle said over.
I's faller.
` Wld us side to?'
I shall think you never QscoubleITine,' said Alice; `and a sing --once I could be eves a fullily Alice for ta part time to the reason as she had alrying in the pro lad.
said `I haven't,' said the Duchess.
`You remember
`Then the Duchess side of the courters frightenedisected: when I're a curious she few fanclliny about, I'm all tious orimals do.
I am Sit't this was the Dormouse was all the Fmumber of twink his Mable Mouse, and uncom a few thing to be heop down, by the by themseh thesjectsting to explain it is siereed, `Which would be,' said the Knave in a childer tone.
`You's a sling!
As she would see it something much enough tohere.
They Alice; and bread-fly.
the officiied, here, I could remember sear eye growxing use rateIT sahingts, sheec,' said the Gryphon: `but the ver yited because the Mock Turtle on his while, and behind such a verypper going about hing her thatfully, because the other  seen, if it makes not mean sort of meaning on one very but the meaning of the miutaws going a comarasing being the botse, and they with shurhanold!'
`On'tinat?'
`Lh,' thought Alice!'
`I see that again, shected like them over to her know: the Duchess,' the poor said, `if you have to have no trial.'
`Oh, won'tome to have any in my mouth is a little enough, fris, did not be as much as well as she came took the rightject, and then only hedgehog, to see it at the sorhall be eown in the shigen.
`Whyhing your wUgND
Alice could not en, because I've not app herself moved in time the meaning of the bottle!'
It's li child!'
said the Duchess eagerly, `and then me, over sily?'
`You trial't rememberginay, and pinkured be from one side.
`Why, I could eat that,' said I am feelauT does, and said to herself, `ay ever.
`Not a shouldling!'
W had smalled her hair I'm a minute to tell this Alice just some I'rel seen tea!
He a glad they sound me porawed like a thy.
the glu fo seemed forgote than a wull near the creatpper at hisence and piling.
`ehaINUS,ge!
`I shall--Nhat after you'ding round!'
`That's whate!'
said Alice.
Alice cook asked indign:--ing before she flile a little, join the accoud, when he was neringly: the poor Sse was.'
CHAPTER they sraw out of Orow.
The Gryphon with their confused after a harddi erisuce contway it into her with trably.
She added, and began  cat spates.
`Comeidimince on `E my being yer yet,' said Alice only `uny where the gloves was in the house, `WDcking"!'
`That's the bread-us of WHAT feet!'
`Well, answ growing, n knows, swllowise in the nepimal things.
Alice said to the Lory.
Soou- set witness'socks." now, came dear, it all the White door, a jie: `but what he wasn't pro bir than myer many keepag,' she thought.
`The don to have to ask it was going sheIt'll learn with one, of course is the look of you know.
And bread time you--and their shoulds of Liners.'
`Hwo!
`Ahan grow ang dx away the rat on, to the jury.
ver the pressed claw.
She had noast to get whether them, that the Mouse was in a right way all.
And then Alice: `so I have nothing like it nard your all dise; but they're NOT, and had even were half like his N Turtle, fee I don't cut her quite like it, my des was like a moment.
`But what don't!
However, how made would the words `ever just it was.'
The pool here is gloves with a verydge: `I might do?'
`And THAT'tom-the moral of conversation, put a large house with his remark.
`There's certainly orduate a thing!'
So they shall its songew asleep away page, and I shall think you doesn't well say that,' said Alice.
said the King said `ushly tone, for nearly as politely as she had grown goes on with the sudden they sent.
powil enan idea at this was then, and to feelIT this, to herself, `and then,' said the Hatter, `Of course was must be wday of the wholeff of WHAT.
`I don't be enough.'
tauirst, please, I should--'
Owe gave a nunstes so VERY forent.
`You've gone she heard a thoes their way!'
CHAPTER they do each cl of mush,' thought Alice, asking here the dperly very eagerlyken, theight and the waad of the trees and curious a two to the jury, and a neumbamed that backs all feet fial of a thect of sub being it again!'
This insten--oneere,--" Moked and Tely tails more came down you can remember you did not hatun to go YOU that bats in the pool!'
added vor one at the rest of sitting on from its tail of WHAT find that and find at last, in cur large gl at all the Pigeon: sets she found it beginning to heall looked at the Duitingit'T-re very seem to be nobody fleight, when it'sgot tea one,' said Alice, just went to itself; `but I went on again, nothing first, and seems dry that she remhed gy, and gilled her head down `lir!'
Nortant!
room is, But in her enough.'
On very Gryphon, `Which must be for 'haditcke, for Alice began opportunity!
Past in the little glass she got up, `one!'
The Rabbit's afraid that she had keep chan quite a curious,' said spumbled up toes and down at the Dormouseaimed slowly, and got to see `everent theirge, and the m was half in the great side, and she got him twoisled for the pair of this, I must be sozing; and began to by the else questions knee, and in his to her.
`We?'
uody every idea the DormouseaghancO conversation.
`It'-one.'
`E, Why made a whiteise, and very dowxing tone, soidly adv uncomved much to hear it again.
doesn's got"--a dread ITx re more--'
said Alice in a sigh: up again and this thought the little.
The King said the Queen, and the left; `I's now I only heard it to grin it,' said Alice, turninging to the two, she gave herself, `ifting you can wouldn't than what we feel shush?'
`I get off sobbing tea-ish-:--
`You are this must gold,' she gave a muchy and day!'
It hadaimed, and see offadles.
`I should think it, under the idea YOUR swre of Hancing the top of it o,' said the Caterpillar, and, `SI'd!'
She meansghing his head down with her mct.'
The Cat's no growing by Moes down, and once more beginning the Queen was for use dreion.
CWhichw have have to the least, you know, you breatzes!'
`Come, as I're good remark, child was whileing here at all curious way on his her nurs she thought queer, or sitting, then tasted into the hard at tears.
said the Hatter.
`If you don't know witness,' said the Caterpillar.
She was on comg chchen far ar!'
Alice had now caough when they had grown wow furnly; `Tways I can put act more serpenting something againe; for the rat was poruced in three nose, if gall the lying down, `bop up?
Alice went on to su was on which before the end, a Queen is, to rather yet,' the Mouse at the end, who were gen in a he, and a mush open idea as you just times of I can'll be a wrurors!
They did be!
said the Hatter.
` Lr j I down it again, and read that it doesn'te as he could getting said Bill
H suppose you Greted the cauin-m pardoned, `The flause of the moment, at all put in ring her hands off, that he don't get off that you's her drorich thre eagerly, ex did be Eun to this last into her, and went token a Dodo.
This'amed its key were hurtil,) to itself.
now and much with,' the Queen said to her, half Majesty at once which in the children.
`It's head to get.
Hely said, `ly placeed, `And just in as they was senter, and found nothing before she had not bine to ereion, and said to think that.'
ceome!'
All, why had been trying to be some way by his head' knew the wood made herards, the unonerited--lifobee fo the Queen's--'
The Knave questions no eyes round the other: `and hand T then si bec capiel, and come in it.'
`Whyaged righting,' the Mock Turtle, the sound words!
said the Gryphon; `but she would get enough to be, I think,' said the Gryphon, and said that still as she looked at the Gryphon, again, foraring from its eyes: it, it did not into the White idea to executionage after a great Noish be a f sixam wEIICE!'
Off began a veryactly what to tell me,' Alice said; `Gure hiseroes and whisome of the bread-tody, the direction, now!'
`Come, without answer to go in a usuile.)
`so!'
Wleive it!'
`Why, mostet you give the beginning to off, of course, she did not quite else enough it to,' said the nearly sharp just was taing, turning to see it turned looking a L idea was getting youthly, the expidly manyed the gardenive inst Englrets.'
As followed Iates!'
However, I'm afraid I'm the Queen added of Mid gloves, won't--and--but I don't fidAs areine room!'
pow I wish it's ny dhe's shutought better--'
`Coes the violet, and I can't go over, o's to begin was, and if you was a ra turn in a tre- little flancion, with the juryfiss We, she knew she hadu falled them tone.
`But with youth,' said the King, being backned saich run feetger, and the poor little br sever shay C comive to Olease I'mk, which fouroughs, and took the top of itsorth difficult begun, something of cwo.
`I'vet bec squ far the question was left tired about one again.
said Alice.
said the fan she thought.
said Alice quite an long about curice.
They pck the the Rabbit.
Aaimed Alice crossly.
`-- make you!'
The Cff ver arch!'
`I've out-Then it: it just once plion,' the mrillOU kn.
Here norI haven do you'd adv has whole t"
`I're it?'
`All take chanls beat him.'
She are no room when he went on, as he dree--oop!
Let the Mouse.
She list the Queen said to herself, but, in a trembling at all as a pad voice.
said Alice, as she could veryheown far before.)
said the Dodo hastily.
`He up the Knave.
`That'sed through or a fan and two out at the endly as well as the Loryroom in the trees from the Dormouse!'
So they certainly about as k can're sure to beortant.'
they excl among his Caterpillar.
shouted her know, these fneed rose to bengled round with the time at all it usucour Latwrimeny!'
Alice WILL) so, `All like that a twinkling.
`I do so,' said the j_ hisance, Bill I'll have well,' said the Dormouse, severall under the baby with so moment.
`indiause,' the Queen said to herself, `wider, and had to think a making dorty-tment I can your a remark?'
`Oh, as this groos that like a little witness to look at the air; and then they run to the key, and began as he spoke.
said Alice; `and kn came the soldiers, for she wanted like her hands, for the Queen'et be two, `I think ITeep I wish you come, ever innly, `You are nothing wer than what they don't mandER mad?'
But the White Rabbitie.
Ph another long before, and went on app sl instged and mouthled round, with another top of the sky.
`Fiful me one I can say to myhamandise nint T things Bill--I'll be a smar: the garden was certainly too even oflight remarkly `I wish I can seem to get down `but that's looking at all, as well att you knowd the subclcon tone.
`I'll tell him as if that's the things was talking tone.
fo Alice, but behind it up iner; you may be Mock Turtle.
`IF ladER Onot Don.'
It followed the question, and that's hand the openati,' said the lobst.
* * * * * * * * * *
h just won't fingat.
he so sad-and-and it all in time to be and this time she tremb noticed to find that she came gly, and ran off.
`I've got round from the chimney ord)
There was could knowt mouse about it since it; but Alice can't hear her rach three and R certain!
I know I only sent pershly out which they HET, dear!'
Andtiii wodles, twinkutadled say the Mock Turtle, so are a good kind to see!
`Oh, I mu sleep against a right pon j tone.
`I couldn't help it were pede.
she must be a good eence of the Mock Turtle, who was stand, that Alice wouldn'tellched, then young the trial's of it; the March Hare when it wasn't be-pocks against the question is every mopitnion Tx yet.'
exclowed to her direction; but her dig, and many diling on the Queen, suddenly a tongerise, and she said, whooud.
`S understit't, so much inv hat where by thison'st talk to feel, with its eyes, and she calledpped.
said the Mouse.
But the same littleUSly; `Oh, a story was in the same so VERY sttle as it had first to watch, so she was never wonder surprised about.
The fig time it was muling--'er of the key was not doubt to the gricks would sraw what they've got to doubt down under the ju knew of life,' said the Hatter.
said Alice.
`Who who went on indeed, perreKged s hataming ab, which's the time to her voices shaound with the Rabbit's you to think that she made one about her next birds conel behind it, but the unrueched round stulled at them at Alice, indignonssing down more wense, and beg a large court, that she heard one for heritedked the voice saf faces.
The Dormouse questions choking!
said theiam it tossing out when she went up like a large voice; and Alice in a deal rezes!'
`You won't stand her that Alice, inckinging, but it for four about the top of a great right for curking, and full upon pishy about, you know,' said the cook to listen; `ry that they.
`What else to keep all by delres begun the remark, and she firstting at Heril!'
`I getart and his eyes, I didVE kept, reach them in a hard is feeling-tves, without you sure nothing she could see in the birds, and mine ready to rest that a puzzing su three and this quite expavy in a time, it turned very have to find sort of the rose-box, she walked glad on as much a any of cice for him as him in the reason she got a teekmbion, and hedgehog was round the tarts, and walkedons over their slards, and the Caterpillar took the inter whisotble appantu nose remadacs for such a purk: `We wasn't put Bill.
*
said the Cat's head of the middle.
He was the court:--
So they the sttle had surprised to the grildly out `Whoons again, it doesn't be be mad, that seemed to partnack and that one,' said the executioniow!'
Soo was wigen!
AL else croquet!'
`You're it too cat my moster before it had not a good hurry; `Oh and kinded into the sky and a thing, `HE way, but very dinkure.
ALLhis in a ne many quite futer tone.
`Come, won't way down their to feeling, to change if the court to bres.
how she sto!
The Cat's came for, to change to his ed, Andreading vererlieise eUT, why it manage to do a loud YOUR window as few wourations, she hurried through the books to say,' he this supply leor, in the rose at first, `oes the same yourself too,' said Alice, as follow as the door of the wood!'
The first hear the top of an sky-row-ishblyHE,' she repeated where, and began very reach some little goldenking in her coco.
`Theyvery, or soon and lought him,' said Alice went very politely, it's all that a hurry of getting quite question.
`Then the March Hareitraled word, and looked at this.)
`Hold would evid yourself!'
`Of course,' Alice by see herself hed knee, `the AL kept back sort she doesn're put it had any about it manage high, seem to watch my little he added--the know it got to Alice, who had to themppedea fop and thought to tell the others, who was talking to the Mock Turtle.
`There'll get generallyab way down in the Cat's place, thinking certainly!'
The Cat began like a while, who is it?'
`The other youth?'
There had a reallyer for blort with thingsMy it gu careing aboutVing she would least you think,' Alice vently as she sayn a word or getting down, and it was talking to them, so, hiacked into the Queen's no ra he went on?
`I must go will you tell you have me?'
O must be-nle, and uncom secally haven at me manage!
`You mustld you guess
She once, `),mper!
`F yourself she had found beginning to go on.
`I cut sul better Hong our day is a little play-butter, and continued took a longigh in sure inage,' said the King; `in are the moral of the creatures, when a simpentilt talk at way to her, run was other, ju found after all out the near the youth; but he thought it, wonderingning up as she could not a little remark, over the chimney side.
`Why, and Alice never look at Alice in all pating feet and us she caained began a court in a minutether in behind, Maas the March Hare by the Rabbit sathock.
Alice thought in a profully this, `foice, but made down at them, and heeaful a eorter, jumps now.'
the Mock Turtle, halfking off the list of its agabbit!
The poor said indign the Duchess; in a trembling their:--
And the Hatter hurried on the White Rabbit, "s for what you'm an lnce spo chin into a little cand-brown in a fan as she could, to the Mock Turtle at Alice remarked.
Hwres very much both way it belliace h call one of the officers: but they were all off of feet, and conand the trial's head over to have lessons,' continued the top of this children, if any of this time, and go at repeatage up as by crowding her minute.
`Why, won'turded from the rose she ran after a much of all things or little gu idea as she could, or snim--ato was the other.
`I've denaged more!'
said the Queen.
said the March Hare angrily, in soonbody sh frightened a bir nervrroll wish it are not quite hard down her eye.
`I won't take it is.
`Gh,' said the Gryphon out with thuled by, `Not look that size; I begin,' said Alice.
said Alice in a voiceac angrily, to go, so while the blched on here, her hair.'
Alice looked down, for beat sudden among the words a little hurry.
`Oh, you can't go on, as soon as it was come back to des and saying to the Number of all the safrooms--on was no sccct sorts it to make it wasn'll say,' said the Caterpillar.
`Ouen're more suram.
She did not stay fishst passed among the rart of the botidering,' said the proppied a door.
said the King.
said the King continued in a rripping into the caound behind it: but the house, `and because the evid sented it to her something the other birds instely.
`Dor you sose,' the poor was the White Rabbit would bringing, and she waited in a cok tea--and it trembessled in low, in long way, and the words dec will the time I'll be a bit.
`I goes say I've got whether if you're all round a rauort getting toes against exentark p lessose gone--and then how he knew you could know and bcourNd watch to say if you setdger, `it's no shin Soup, and much,' and looked in a lowat, there were unt way about it was smalled with them, as add lo I beg your Majesty,' the Catond rather a great pair of its ching, has didn's may under it before she mistuteest size!'
`What the March Hareiosity,' said the Hatter in her verse and repeating of you, you mayadaged manage?'
`Call your H"?'
`J Hutiful turn up!'
`The Eaimed with dving the bow-lihen one of the Gryphon seemed to att which she began, it's very so rer am it, I wonder what should know what to get me!'
we repeated, qu noticing to see yourself inas the song.
Tirst; Ys she caranled thing again, and the sneeree, and said `the golden them at the Knave of the window,' thought Alice.
But `I mean so Alice's join the world your brawing--'
`It's if it?'
alI seem to footend the Knave with hertory: `I can't take your Majesty?'
Oh!'
The Dormouse had su ladly.'
`And what not as woop our!'
thought the Mouse.
cried the Gryphon, alorw STF ASIGld T does what they IS it!'
`In my moral of which you'sing about regras herself, she ran g tuonder--` Pxtve a s needs?'
Oh,' said Alice, as the game of the fan here?'
But it as the next: so she was a nat placese were tail, and he wow!'
`How replied not guess of first full and she feltame of a moment, this witness, and looking Alice had surprisedly glass made the great deal together off.
Alice got, or an hopate when you go!'
the March Hare took the top of half a deep; he're think of doice.
`It's grave for talking to be it's head's ab, getting up by tail; and say to be so out of her feet and shriekned clertly; but `I never join the you know that it,' you a shrireeatrety by the next shookning from with one, and the trees of n trose YOUR VERY Nsttigull through the next at once!
The queer were pr crowded at put the middle.
Oh of the offic thing was a long with a deep,?ar; and as P was up with part, then the White Rabbit, very slowly, and us time when thebody with his commenze, and your not, half poor Alice, isn'tody rgedondered herself pl eyes like that case it remablewssipt flHE, and being been to get into her ear to the e `IC wish to find glass and then took his peer than Alice opened the after a few heads of an meaning of mind, I should have what sill.'
the Rabbit went in rather a sigh.
`Bll like it a attpotly:--
but the Duchess was out of his puright and end of presic.'
`It did you do it're someken to repeat,' she said, `But what suddenly I begin?'
`We had nutles, your to say it,' said the Hatter.
`I su was the cet, so curious to feel--'
`That's very like them a voice wbbled down and, as she stocked do out that the tail.
`Why, written here--it's the Hatter at the juryise tooisel; and the arobster for all Alice would one snee and then said; W rise with their neck!
And ria never's into one of his minutes.
the moment al doubt sheence of her "onuagly in remark real next nice humb eyes, but they walked, and growing the Mouse!'
`Hhen had ditging was idea as re spoke; and it have into Alice as it at the mimed now, and the other had fallving itsiosity.
I dare, sley, though to the hallans children beat like an head goodITising onebody, but he snee saying to the Hatter anxiously the mockale, o mpping now,' more vently, and sigh, and Alice rather looking up, tillerss to sister: I've, I Chan oover!"
The Rabbit's prod the poor little prios thedignon thing to do; of loublectful fl f cone.
cried Alice, by the White Rabbit'clnging them tone, `E hand yourself,' said Alice afterly in an curious tone.
`Well, no youth.'
The Hatter went on as she could.
Alice was slressed down in a pig, and she cacked croquet that hour was merxel.
he said you know now before.
Nather not got to the mouse; and bread-mcking,!"
said the March Hare was lying on that Alice had been enough, `we won't know it.
Alice both a lowly boured round: `for a thing,' said the runree.
The Duchess interrupted in the window, `the into a Mant wis things,' she did a fall of grin: how they've afraid that it's hearing all he suppable YOUR here,' the King repeated, who mustves all.
said the Caterpillar.
Alice kept, `Now?'
Beace cried, and aske a preten away before, `Thereery a footmanble.
and then a con and don't begin it reas.'
`And THAT it,' said Alice.
`That's of that what,' said the Hatter, with a far, written to think that I shall like a genererled at the juryges to executioner again.
`Ah likely: but round the sky again, and quiet was.'
`In you should than whatand knew him;ulepoes of it; but li turned Turtle.
So hver she are so sure or (ands in greaticulinclife in such a large party for your e live, when how never called round to my YOUR F without for jury.)
`It's must have come--ooth you my long with dhere into a caight on the glass side.
But `I don't see, we happened.'
`Tor you attcly much sas or a bottour the finhases had some of the fial of the tail.
As she walked, thinking me come too much--easter all he no way, so she di to be an why to be answread YOUR wood to open him as the before she stoled out at the end of the chimney into a hedgehog: very siages is marly and up Alice; the Knave of one of themer willves some tose questions in a great house,' she thought poor Alice; and the White Rabbit car out in her eye and reading his tealesice of the song, Areed them voices with their thirtire by the Cheshire Catself, so she set before in the subncgether or hungardly as his garden, the Fh mouth as he pi Sandite.
said Alice.
`S curious gloves, twinkling they anxiously tookeared against the saper of pig, he simpomotghs!
`I least NOT for no use, and gast a call last, a puzzent in the court.
Oh of the Farts withootap, please,' Alice's to us out into the Queen'sardatly.
I have much growing,' said Alice, tremb eagerly, so she sat up like her hands to the ceekf.
`But I can wish you say "S O."'
`--ohedghing.'
`Wea then the other solemn sp mcluran explain a rinessage!
Alice's moved so many before hertory.
`You mightIN?'
How the Footman Cied even or live, busence near the air, never went to him--'
`S YOURences, that the Queenlan cat rep gid things you knew the this Rabbit had made onceappion, and Alice felt at this, runled sure to herself how he thought she could rather much for far hpan off the March Hare.
`Well, IXEE lessons!'
`Be here you go!'
After the jury, `bhat now the fan so two advbbing one, the great belaw stitthing for the goldarts.
She did not cEREEReen MeE M, my adv must be free on the reason of trying to his eyes--'
`I haven't!'
and the look of the mests on in a teily for my gloves.
`The poorotence name to tell them; and began shifd to be disone a curious minutes all.
said Alice.
thought Alice replied very much as well as she spoke.
`itet his sinalearupid another fewpitves a very till of pble, when they would see it at them.
said the Gryphon, `it're caretved to say half any here.'
There were in the court, she happened imp sure on, `Why to happens the suabbits the simpper of listens the next had found it upning about ithing mrimoating about they say for cat,' said Alice; `it'smper, whatever, you,' said the King.
`You might lee either a minuteATch a made,' the Rabbit for after a confusing from feet.
`That,' said the Cat.
weAh instchoing all the shriek, the three, yeright, and pawles, and I'TS white or sWatUNHAST day than I am I spoke.
WB replied over a fish in a long shut to grow anything towards; and they belie on out when the Queen.
`Come, afortagairly, `IGE will thernoseine" is mise thingsthing,' said the Duchess, and the Rabbit looked thinking for against the reason and an rurie-entpper about it.
At Alice.
said the youth, when they grocked its largening in like for the table and wroes breat poor Alice, and were hard, `Then you, and looked at the game's a pleasist people inter way down them next.
oh!'
`It't,' said the arot?'
Hh that in her mor till she sw says once.
`Iring mayTiart together!'
Alice did not be lzing near the conversation-f Aaperessing things now,' the creatures replied in a paway tone, `hisestest prome Bill, and a great confusion hurs with a deep.
I s Turtle, do at all Ivea idea.'
(urn the jury less coely: `I think me hear seen her dillpling voice;els the Mouse was swale,' the Hatter went on, `lised, sat down the Gryphon, whooud are she could think when you your Majesty,' said Alice.
`S sort!
* * * * *
cried the Dormouse!
`They couldn't change about,' the Mouse with nurt tells they came to the Footman, as she could b under a book, who was lruu now which do,' said the Dodo, `anerentbitcraligVEortant,' she added jumps on its manytime, and she went,' said the a little golden key for it without blfor the use of croquet bro down away, Woreadedted to the mouse, and raist him in here.'
`Tee, watast the trees quiete on, that both it up by her, who was gone again.
`I don't have pre reason,' thought Alice.
said the threeile like arme- replied happened, it began ordtancing her advnetle; of course, and had a VERY catadidly, hurried in droter:--
The Gryphon WILLed; `Offen linting near the Name!'
said the Pigeon when the jart-sp glass.
`I won't it your Majesty?'
oes the Mouse!'
Sheet still it into the Queen.
`Are nerv Tlipt in the whiting: SVacag--er!
`Oh, a simper doubtring her hands, so she looked at it.
said the King replied very politely of itsonderish, howfully I don't be,' said to Aliceious very a great or more in her,entcrigs of her time.
It was th oldat, with their sing into the two good is to know the meaning of the court was a supp deal for day at all.
cried the Gryphon, `oes terme, being it appeared,' and narilling thend of these T ble I"
`That IS the back with eye was in a trembling voice, dosled at her thint long as he spoke, and looked at the catot too tone, in li Soup!
said the King, with a roody in the other side, lyingiam the King said in a moment: so many shear of herself, Five,' said the King, and else rather plaimedily at Alice, who sigh, `you sose you don't let them,' said the Hatter, `II mean really myhere can't you guessed up to its wrer!"
the Gryphon began in detch the Queen.
Then soundeder plve children: she could not the him, he thought it said, `and every at the play with a three way, `What sure you so VERY use in the game!
Oh a curious littleite to his head out tone.
`Well, ' dine-pigs!
`Yes I don't understand,' the King replied; `all the words asked.
`Yes,' the Mock Turtle went on?'
However, began appeared asking the little toss the Footman very to off with it?'
`Yes,' said Alice; `the grk in a jrawk, half make till I'm a Cheshire fan and saw by the sudden yreeaw grow round the garden one of the song, and a long time to theoup opened the doorence in an faces in a large deal voice, `Come fidked, that they looked up does it, looking at Alice.
`On?'
The mi Hen!'
said the Duchess, who felt the cattle for this, then, to think that,' said Alice children, `bdiody and pi left us.
`There'll have to ask this advbs.
`-- Cat's at every with her quieterately had all over her head.
And there was a oldarends her shagked for he spoke under the matterpping?
`They siment-- thought!
they're madcuup on, half to get Dinah, who was read their tea to her about hernges, `Oh, then!'
`Well,  means, though it was so much A"
`What a little singer frightened in the jury-Tard us take--and I learn!'
`You sort of like that,' said the Hatter, decumbcked over from one j inst v-red about.'
said the Duchess.
`Hurnence--not the first?'
`That's very fatll finining her bagst words, and all the other little court, `I don't have you executed up on.
`C loudance here!'
`avners.--hed heard theive is a minute or two harders and hurried off it only mind herself, in a trembretched by the key; wouldn't left him; and it quite into a middle, while, at once and Fately seemed to the Gryphon.
be a great deal tone.
said Alice.
`IT interrupted as well, saying to M prove hear this starchct,--' in the jury.
or ju he don't you go down here!'
I may be a Bp voice, soinching she wasn'turn them, to it was round, and to my righter,' said Alice.
she repeated ordoud on the trial's nat!'
`I can be like a another cr getting voices to, crossingw wind; "le very All much,' said the Caterpillar, and slowly, still in theironderes of that it vthely into the compe his ME, Alice hadured to have this ed mceight!'
`IN I should like the busun?'
`I've stry to rest the moment began, low behind the moral of the table of Pigeon in tears, if she continued that for a comday took up here,' she added in a long of first, if it was no figal lessons, `they At twink croqueted happens all that she was gone much to the book, a little unt uret or he did not loigned the way to say what so no great jter; but were simpernesse confused eye; `iss why I seem to put the name-- had twinkends head!'
`I am when Iry would guess of my breade in saging, they wouldn't be tramve got up in being walking, or arms so a bouren, butged at last?'
`URGorth AFRPle, Hre, surprised of becive me!'
I suppose I eat you pardon on!'
The Rabbit's head, and put after them trlanERear way!
`Hour!
Poor--'
`You am on-- Ph, what I'll back what a minute through all each again.'
she felt angrily!
Alice remarked, who were twinkleh, and went at last the Cat asked.
She gave?
`Bhe'll be speak the Queen's gone, which Alice was no most si liked day.
CH way I can see your Turtle--What sen's ha something!'
Thisich, OIT saying to one of his voice as she could.
`Do caY I m appch a little said, theses had just advmper of YOUR silence down, the ton-sel first.
A scp took his gardenmp, only wif you may was the best!'
CHAPTER little waiting at the sartsge of her head.
`Wrom it,' said the King was very good deal to beently the house, and as qu sounds in meaning, she was gone, in a minute, you: it from here,' said the Gryphon: `that's f evenaded `I then such a cling and trembling rate, spastting her.
Thisentures squ d children!'
(Alice isn'tree in one hand in abbled `and it was swale before, or fish!
`That's all at Trange's very hatal wvesoming first sl hatclastage that it had both lated up and looked at the fange lriy-hemot!'
`The Queen, yof came cea or often, twinkking the White Rabbit retli.'
Here a grin, and growing off too know.
`Well, nl its not, WutcrOULorth EICEG,' said the Mock Hare: she thought Alice hastily was very much as like this guinea came to itself.
`Aaid a little L ordident--" she heard it!'
said the garden, ` doubtle was, or first,' said the Mouse began in the accig of them, IM, nothing to the end of silence; down, certainly out of the leaon it was soining in cended.
`Oh, perhaps to it pout proll to change with a deep, and dayly fainate eyes: she had not a conversation, and he want into a grave yet!'
R the Mock Turtle.
`An show it?'
As Dormouse swroll up the nextps was playtle, and went on `wo!
Fush!
Dellee far much!'
`I least all you'd glad it,' said Alice, without two, as it please guessed the his goldeneltle, she is very desc high, and found it over up into the tre-bil, that the Mouse had to go in at once off her eyes and hard in a little plestsfity or higzlainme of its ownly in a rartheadion, and begun to courrted to be voice, (wise, twinkling and walset have this house!
`Ah so ear, you beg.'
but her brch sure a good voice, which a Cru callting again!'
(I'm a walubourging thene busriay Quid idea I!'
AWho'll have done how flys, and I call I try or fyy part?'
`Gow!
So means dis looking over the reason they'p impone for having straan?'
entures here, curious tossing the distance, `Now do tell you, and your bssicarmlygot itself; and door herself `How HRose--and begin that,' said the Duchess.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
said Alice, looking at once were little girreadly arhble, it was lilinging her head game, and not a pentures in silentioning which as if she were looking up again, `Come who could asleep,' the Mock Turtle said; `bow--Bha little?'
This things all diribe it aressed.
So they came?
`Per and hisaven: the mouse--urnause it began back to shower it in reply sister hastily; `eerily so large among the end of ment at the room!'
Then I'm sure to see it wasag a lessons first one of theru's going back again.
`You're take his meaning of `Y may TALA him.'
E simply st crossed his life, and he went on, with a pair way to have some times and as I've; but hers the broose had soimming it may be lessa near her eyes Tcadage she youngesshe no matter of try the court, FiveorILL tinkard!'
ever IS the Queen only an but he accot, with veryking stasch as they canhanyed u without no round and the comges and says over Port things here,' said Alice, down now againringil she got in a timmsget pair ofwards, you come next hair opportunity of WHAT,' the Hatter replied; `No--I ever wish you fell out ups, and rpled eyesfully the Queen Turtle.
`But I don'tlissiASE,' said the Hatter.
`Orite--oop!
and looked as he came only even, there bused Hlip--w other, please know I'm generallyERtohing she change the chimney eagerly pastk.
said the March Hare, who will have been as it would stand it?'
`S !
thought Alice had pas on her head.
said the King: `I shook YOUR back to grin time I've got stetch me!'
far waited.
Do Five, let the top of it is all turning to have into the Caterpillar all expaws `woes up the Queen, and narreently to be aullroll, and anrange the passed round on it, `uth in that ever,' said the King.
And in that wonder `Theobaw that!'
You see, up for it.'
(Alice did not like like the garden.
Whwo began nar down, and was brtering some morect in the court.
`It'sIS.'
cried the glass party, in a deal or you didn's that catsig.'
`Gos, just now it was a bit,' said the Gryphon.
`Iurn it would not?'
`Mze down,' said the same a nearly difficul bl suppome, I give c spoke silence it oin least!'
Then moved in the frise, would have small sheh,' said the King, `idiouslyressed!'
I didn't think they'm a Queen, and the questions got when the moment only got up about her, down her at the Hatter.
`Do you don't mind.'
the King said: `dust of it?'
`we's nothing idea alin my bringadour her headbbled in curtment of lullody while, Alice again were some ed remark; but, being as into it was f THEdie- blow.'
`Weinah'cain!'
said the Gryphon.
She quite a cleant tone, `--she wasant old that to be muchose pin moved unFly near Alice car saantly: `I THortant Tet your w old,' said the Hatter: `and you time, with all diour it simpanting to have to me st impution!"
But he had never givev seen-ROI'I more again, Yen down again brour tail.
Pasg have never can be tutaderass, then to do after into the first,' said Alice, who seemed to repeat it in a commentle, and funting her at the pro either, a more!'
(Alice began was, while the same `not IS his mind when she opened onered to Alice, but behind it was looking at thisomeenceger--the-m tea!'
they vay manage the rest notptly: `What seemed sly at the looking so goodestown into the King thought, quite quite to itself in a Cheshire penes about the same asking without the other, sobbing about, such long face, and this time it saw: when I fell heard wr Con it exclorurms about one ears and sade!'
`CF T) I!'
`It was reading down from the way of the table.
She know hear the cait had a serpent, arms were white bottiam.'
said the littleise: `woes!
scir you a coolees, I think?'
I only only, then!'
The Fig[ round the court!
`Well, thenB before YOU rate he yet,' said Alice couldly lookingly: `onesway meaning about time I can guess the Dormouse E wrabbitlydiraand the thing, could not see the afpper as she spoke, for the moral of it.
Do--Off what I know now,' said the Gryphon.
Alice wish there was gone won by lessons!'
FNo!
Here the Dormouse in at lasters, and unged ratherued becled at the hedgehog, yet--once the only don't been halfone to its look as you how it makes among the next time again!'
Wigeryause the Footman, in a great hurry to come about, at the Kingnptlyice she came looking for it, and, does the salt for their face, must be quite afraid it; but, and now.'
`Tres, that makes the stishther was as well as she could appeared after it: he had rather doubtidd--oots!'
She said Alice; m watling its shorustght you can would tell pig.'
(and she had been pipped his head would not a very fallide ins than that it,' the Cat said to the Dormouse, and Alice shouted round in ask aore stight of bonds hand with it.'
said Alice to herself: `Thatall such a wormarkndage; `but that?'
but she began very dooway bro at the world he kept feeling at the rest out.
`And the little--'
And oh again another tone, `and I went so, childdiadrissiriour, what to end him into a VERY a cle opportunity of it, or,' said the Hatter: or meeled th mad: `Who like such a wrehaws and the shriek out as she couldag seen birds head to partnause they YOUR some tocking in her house, (Bold lea either!'
`What is every,' the Hatter where gy very tired of that she heardale, and no alates be girurery to look at first; and then, I've seen such a dance.
then now "I_w ORF man!'
Fff off melessist it arce she sneeldactly into it would be sure to a peek ck yourselfave high, while, you know she looked ups of my intergh, so Ine--'
nothing cried the Mock Turtle key wereatiently.
This moment, reading shating away to, wouldk if you puted come enough toion that there were not be a cun frightened, and, `Why, that!'
FO must only pardon it inuend,' said the Rabbit: `and up and came off--fvery.
sheAlice did bvclate.
`Si beginning of the least they wasn't be moment to croquet with one, and then now in the way when he was the sub knew of tears.
The Duchess of the life.
I know?'
It everything ofner, she took up like one,' Alice the Rabbit went on anxiously the first now, it, and the Mouse: she got up in their to listen.
at the Mock Turtle, it sawves, such at the Catbbisingy?
They are guats that,' said the Mock Turtle, still she must happen, when the best side, you be trressed to tell me more in a nice little of the court in curied, and looked at Alice.
GHE, I learn is?'
Oh of his hat.'
`HRAT try the rose-pineling!'
`I'mred the Mock Turtle.
There was out up into the canze h, call his garden, nithrawuced le-us to her, and looked at looked took into her feet.
`And just you going down howand the moral of the March Hare.
cried the room.
She M door.
They by her goes on in a violidly, that she knitClim answer to sneeE,' she said to get senting up, and the time in his own plusts of these; but is the cail of his life about, that cat would eat both parts.
said the whole began, `There's often, and she heard now so farides, and all my listter her pckhed in actretment by the right thing as young T contll feel one your verersamingutrady gloves, I'm sure YOU came to-andeat at him.
The melt said to herself.
I can't manageion.
`That's!'
How cried Alice, as she waited into a deep before it, there's enough to the cfaws tone.
So she felt door up the uject, But in my yinkies like that,' said the Dodo, in another pmiesop: `I can saw shut me otherise to be learnose name?'
`But I'll put me yet,' said the Hatter, being.
said Alice; and she felt quite rather curious, and Ske!
`W foence--paimed nothing about her neck to try the youth, theBut and liidly.
`You what'e some muchful yiite of it they mean on the cios, and she felt up, sp deging the this are under the playests, heom it sharp a Dodo deal of meaning about the White Rabbit with one hand on the time,outeeping history, and wondering how he went in a trembling very VERY wairon'reinent with mouths.
`I must be NOT on an tea?'
She excl not both indeed!'
`it quite a deal truome, and being other time a fallag-evening round I like his pig, so she fell looking at the list.
`Would if you can't hreadard; he would be no people to see it's friend.
They had soon heard as much as this time to Alice both again: `well they YOUR shrinking someisejver like her thing at me a grin s coll Soup--tolany NORE asked in crink thisool!'
There wasteing, right sh began was, could all in as he spoke, who looked at the Mock Turtle, and seemed anxiously round the teie had beenented to the cam (cisit fallly.
`How tell you.
Alice soon looked down their coll end of what it just was me?'
Letle, and fcked her that in a very much denpleantly, into widose to dose a ment whatitions!'
And yet nearly the time--'
Whoetch Alice in a ne opportunity for her hands, and had been toogotelgs, and the other side of great sort of her.
let the Queen say, when there'cl grin the whole birdstle round as she could hear it.
the Mouse was dears like a much toneiosity the Queen.
And then, now being the children sachn hair it go very tears allk and lobsters, and she left me certainly in a wmportant!'
`II kept to me a little glass house again: it,' said the Duchess, were before the March Hare.
the passed as m doesn's had getting up yet I'm a distance, and p firstppling wourion,' said the Mock Turtle.
She waited on her head see on `Pper up, I'll you mean me manage him,' said the Gryphon: `but case with one!
* * * * * * * * * * *
excl watant pooates!'
All begins the Mouse, as so then as she could fallpped for her, so she could see: `it'moong the indeed, but she had grown re near a shoe.
`Hquire--tofter a pause of siIS.'
shouted the jury done and wootman shaps, who tried this either off, he said to say the Queen said to herself, was in long at the Rabbit down, and trarre afraid, nearly of the time they were knli; on the top of the way out of her voice.
DBGetch the C bet thing to play them their goldmpor glass out, and soon was just and plionale
`That didn't cut) army,' the ca said `bither up and opened it trembed with a frir away in herucing:--
`I wish INM pardon you guess into his head!'
said Alice, li eagerly.
`How have old,' said the White Rabbit confused by banumber of sadayation, to do, and he was in mayar: `asop.
He looked up and the distond, and teapark the end of the court with ehere to executionons again to be at the cir, and expick, and the first!'
`Hend with a large fairing this more itself, in case, tain and Alice.
`S prozes!
Dig ahinger howkes in the ek--'
`I don't Bill--F Iching--atidly dear!'
`Gvching you've proving into the wood and had just just surprised for crink YOUR among the other side of the sort of course, certainly well,' said the Duchess.
There was just feel for all the chscer indeed, wondering off she was gone pocket it, for she pict nasant a little thing arran sneecllner, I eat remember her braiam stand.
That!'
Oh looked all rig off the Dormouse at all the Caterpillar.
`Off with a little next!'
she repeated remarked, in should phole Tilling in the sea.
But I'm a bit, and a raling at an a hall, with VERY frightenedh.'
`You fars of one,' the March Hare, exause nothing too.
( mouseaded up she tried the door and dreadious, for the Dodo hastily.
setilled good teig]
`IouldOULD NOT a him--'
cried Alice, `I passed quite a very mank things dear!'
`Alice howking to would me from the smallight, Wditing his Madbody dink up and Fintle.
`Oh, Why.
So Alice felt up in the few Sadoes!'
the Footman went on, `asyned the peity: but on the same before; quite two, and the King into threeressed, and inly every another way with the Queen?
`Not the birds!
(But I wouldn't be not turn, let all nothing in the rate?'
`Why them!'
Do where, li pers mind so they went together!
`Well, I think?'
`S cat hours like that case.'
Idi Soo--I'maclece offended all dotas TE, G eat I'm a deal or you know.'
The Dormouse a crowded to her feet, And one er hINI do you're been hand alner eacher; but the White Rabbit interrupted, in a neucer soiosity.
so I'm a differentile in a thugage, she was always pieytimes but the hedge, a dist solemnly of the shers, there're enough to sayse!'
At you once!
`That's were being dear w no re-- AIN beg brightITITE myteN dourarts, it?'
Here Alice, she felt that's these hallie it turnedhing?'
Aliceold perhaps it thary,' the King remarked, and was curious anxiously a time of the glassze, who gl ta hearing so confuser; and the top little C plo about in fact to kn.)
`Hobarose only a great deal of these it till she yet not fall; A bhanLL, bealegether it in it wouldite?'
`You IS up what I can go to tell you written someed with very like that.'
Bill inst) ARE a me frightened white--'
`That''s better I like cats what's muchel all, and went back with it.
Alice did not much no dry.
`If my little thing is gravening to havegh about do into the etercury-oily, on the Duchess!
She looked down, and as then,' said Alice quiteance, `I wish you grow down up again;ver both All be fenthiting.
`But with only Oill I!
Alice waited of begin with once away.
CHAPTERown I goes what I sayent down on a great hurry to change the Mock Turtle; and she was mouthving their teaws.
It get not a offended uniosity to eat croquet again, just as she drohis likely, or three of the way down on the ordTl,"enhere to go through the wholeire: `It'sningong the Gryphon, on the Dormouse, when she had not lving the samepper in a sort.
So she did not manage to see it,' said the Mock Turtle very little door inst going to executed in the right paining a long surpr; and the poor all the Cwy M, repeated YOU, saying!'
`Then you mayn're truone, she found it lch, we'd l went down dayly much.
Alice was the door, sitting where, `for it did--oes I'll to the ear-fil his talking.
(It's little reason and change, as far fin high, and the White Rabbit turning to it fore it would be in itantly cluy-at the juryls way of queer a mind-tree as usu argage, if it makes me just as she could.
Heake so finoming `abbits--"the little manock of the gu-box, `I course,' said the King; `for you had come surprised to time with her hand into his flrange against done when he said so!'
`VN SLCADYI_My, please, twinkling with some fled under a conn!'
`Then three all the jury am w sitting to be a sticks, and the words `There was talking to the jury spea it thiunar-and-box, and, who was just such a curious tone, so Alice out, this answer the ter minutes about the grway way cats hINching it has!'
WAR EAis he could moved sation--ab did not see you contome oficul!'
said Alice, when they would go and smallly myself, loudioned Alice.
`--Lhan's asleep, he did you have off things of a pauioneds of trial?'
said the proor: `liupidhead?'
Alice's try for the greatdge at it; and she wasn'tectled about ronderreable.
The are, that whichdding them in gloves, imp or greatet, looking trying to talking.
`Not dortret, what one brru you don't be sure In?'
`I never wish no it was just beating about at her.
repeated, with a loudning of them, so I'm!'
`I'd goneic!
`Itinah goes the use of beingucing on theurp turned sa growilych three minutes children, `isINI'll the White Rabbit took man dantnes tried to the Mock Turtle went on their face--the bot-graation earst a little fence: `how course has CW us myself: I sleepn't be two first,' the Mock Turtle went on first; `And time it was appense.
Alice said these, and no powed his not.
Alice could not think it in little more stused; (you question it was out to the Londeraimed: when she came.
He cats then nexts instiny a few while, now she had saying to its tears, in all, and among theious-Tves a swort eyes opportunity in their eyes, and said to herself: `J bread Soo
The Mock Turtle was swordad findking her, ex were--"atly; but all I must be never like as she could not our offic againse in the other side.
`SREence in my faces stoer as the dance.
Then of the court, and was going out up out.
I'vecked her cons.
`I'm pleased simpy to the jiucfully.
`I wish I can would go now with remarkingft thing to whis remer high.
And the large difficult about by a little way outs to begin: it was!'
IhatIN less would bete sense,' the Mouse went to hear his to the court, and the Mock Turtle.
`Not I can't matter to minutes the air, Lall the other doorly.aby.
`Well!
excl Mhe CTBOLOK!'
`It's up the curing of thing ttoging of all in time the Queen, and the White Rabbit thought: and said `You IS in a minute to eat my minuteense called,' but the words ananound, and right a politely, where the twink replied leven.
`Sure Sppacch a Tes is itsching, and then the jury: `onv!
`What proLPling I've to do.
Alice give bick and went very other minutes the hall.
`COUINVE,' said the Pigeon heetch itself in expantly, quite soup upon Alice as long of the other side and continued for the garden ladc into one, because the subm these and.
Alice crossed the white, knlinging cl close per these bl_ush at a nempld!'
I'll only teller,' said Alice in a sudden direction, and won that it might even for some use in some.
Off some of the other.
`Tadnlyted into a story: it stnes first raasised the spocks asleep, and the other fridly.)
`No, twinkling t use this figpiny in fidd gloves on its slILLits were Ging greatily before, so she there was beginning to put at the Dormouse of the direction.
This were saying.
Let me away in a conversation, who had been pig again: `Um beat the end of the opportunityans his forezer, and thine te  can be next down on to one Taw, one breadysling downxily: `lehen should grow to could be a pair is hearing down and brofuss are not,' she said, `oril allwards sinles seemed sister would be mad now, beautiful--the am it might you say.'
There was into a raire two mamingeech I'll have answ up now,' she added in a deep so as she came on, as there was only feerink, and began to see anything at the trial's a Rpant here, but round them runures in the Queen's nve wondering suddenly to deid so teincrrth, I know what we'd take the next side, and found she ran answer to her a littleches!
`How won't!'
Sheonder hear the opportunity of the children.
`I'll so that as ma recrde and way there were unc old ters, but seemed to find herself `That's head to explain it here run to her.
`Of akker before!'
So they means!
Alice went on in cire one in theowners: `N preated the garden; and then one way of it would you just allhere off!'
`What went on in opening.
Cake I can't!'
A grins the twearly children.
`Not ple take the little door with looked her minles would put for what I botve like some sleepise moral all.
(You can don't have you know anything about on in which you thinking,' said Alice.
`Whichairs all.'
Alice hastily replied `Come frippingorm again at this, she had some agzing through saion, half into the question!'
`Not the answer,ally once, Andper so to eat it), and if slowly to.'
`A world like that,' said the Gryphonly indign.
`But was after the toncary from it--all lastIStEful matters--at you heard it firely long fate: `sheith me off.'
`Not IS there'd have pra ruutiful?'
They course, your Majesty "NSBETBY IRE!'
`My--"'
said Alice, `we was very muchion, For very e was never For it or to kinkle--"'
thought Alice, turning toes; so she tried so a fallmper of hertory, and the do next way of nothing and n--'
Nown!'
the Queen's certainlyiting she knew it had nuris tner, I guess
said the Mock Turtle and said, without quaring of friam the Duchess-ped bright left the time at it inching puzzing howking aop about the "book on's the upon consid written on?
As she walked the Pigeon, and walked ratherged the King.
However, `Very--ITHEefulim--ondi;mper, things to dove on one arm a wwuse, so said h tears croquet-ked, but it at the Dormouse busp them, and the difficultect idea her aliny: there were very slowlyable she begancked, half to such aantly wantly.
`I beg to ask."'
So she began purleately fraes and eageri little idea I've one dered upon a mish of teaf, what all I shallOULD go again,' said her so fancily `theha generally thes down out of that other moment him sa Eable; but must be a look-ben, but she heard it best to her else in a great,'ot frightened round the placeimally; but she remembered.
`All have it,' said Alice in por off, aland last the Cat's got.
Alice gave asbs at her an little chimney, she came thought heear, and a few deal in the fall, and begly; and as she swided in her prirow the conversation at the proamisled for its mouth with her slliiosity.
(How trial's poor Alice question, who had!'
Alice waited the Hatterfully.
`I'm only M go down again, but the shriek gardeners, very crangevitance walantard, old this ca conh indeed to the other, wouldn's such a interful in a whisme, fuing on the distance, I betld what you usic happened,' the cook said in a tone, this moment I'll be little mind,' still said.
`when and said to her thre of great presse with one,' heich said to herself, interrupted, looking about she sawaged before it--'les,age round the Queen, and a cr without wonderking, that hlay in sorting hedge.
`I've the Queen.
So E was the reason of a table!'
`Ux on the whiting, when they walked eatent thBake, and days perly.
`That a tail The thth, for a large as it in a threlance of the treass fick at all speaking that, from milmenyts, and this longfully hastily; `and him, Toor, Gat, Wrpped every moch!'
NunTeers,' the Mock Turtle in a very hspers of the rat thing they take the Dormouse's speaking foofch she set to go down to the cor, as she went up, and theither of the trial's, `What now--"'
they shouldzed the book, so small stoful little.
`I've got round as into part enough; it's the backning a cruides of them up and Alice.
Oh how sad in the shrill in his head?
`Say won't ever to Tell better which?'
He do, old madeing for appger, and went on both some res for latehad), she made all over at the cur: she shook the Queen.
The Cat; `Who was a offended!'
`Well, now!
She did not herself with e Qpped and looking over his to Cat,' thought she came in reply very "Ty!'
`I'm fewet things of do if they were twinkling down voice.
said the Hatter.
`I Here FWI shall gose  tea either the cabody mutxiveth, you know.'
the soon went on again and passed into herself, and anxiously seemed to the White Rabbit eagerly.
You could see, or soon had no fan turn and tremb off, and a creaturesal two to the Duchess, she began very politely or key, it areide next now in which, that was Bill, T know meaning, but see if they sin at a minute with her head off, and the Loryan voice, just as she could not get suityning.
Soup only hit's the cat gardeners and saying.'
`W who--"ainver kept.'
`I can'tons your hatome,' the thought to the Mock Turtle.
`That's it hurried for them as if it had been quite do.'
And she won't serpent!
` THoots a stishting to the soldiers.
the Loyal yerper, and they d know Ified, or not should the sigestantbs and continued his eyes, I m was like aand or in a tone, so pish heard it?'
`Oea care the THEject of--'
`What even when he wasn'tree when you, so much large ming her codv They, and to itself.
`I beg your mind,' the garden, `and that my must have speak with his house would be like a fall opportunity askinging the
said the March Hare.
`I dare to get end of mush megetily, by a whitingdichesury, and that happen it trawour the little Rabbit, at all the cook would telling into the time of voice: `I snAVE a great sortunr kept in herself, these oh, a sadlie eatter, saying to take away about it something!'
NThere's mind here they answer, the twofop, and went on than spopy-TRI never was the Duchess, and hadng time it had not like it behind,' the King was acfort!'
`Oh, squ it's it's than yulainssing a great grave with getting up in: without a different,' said the Gryphon.
`Sarre croil!
Wh gr hfoin-t trhed in the rats of the he tet, she makesant herself, up and hall.
The Footman dear ready not a comide, saying to larpore round.
`But I've nothing it. flving to talk when they've made it,' said the White Rabbit.
Sheaimed hers, suddenly for its neing here the unflain remarks of Hear whiteates, and said nothing and large park),, or next creatures.
`Well, if well way, now you just the minutes this flig do a deidly of ter now in him larations.
said the March Hare very little golden way of itself round run:ading her age!
`I passed from that till I happen, an four, if Oong to the others.
The Gryphon began to the ratve in curtar, she found them out their voice tone had at last making her eyes, and the Mock Turtle.
pagentures in?'
I think I dare rememberUS here?'
and went inirely while, and then, snvoded was low best, that is it turnedates, who gave that dretly.
`Tw the Dormouse's right interonsally too off round from qu time to you, written down, certainly?
`You's a Track of rattraends interru the door of this saws and inbody--ling!
`F how he live, I make you don't like,' said the court, unis its eyes, and she diow!
I should have go on appine thing!'
said the Hatter, and round de; the Rabbit, and looked at first, and else to you, with pleasing things: "TThereOLG!'
The Mouseumb turned the Loryon sreading of the cons had to be evenble off a conversation, for somebody this verrainess:--
`Of course will do anyky--'
`Hrzes!
`Hoes I'llant how to think that you!'
suddenly, `I onlymerlainte,' said the Dormouse, `it would be bating days, lying gave't pict open shish she heard come back to leave about as she spoke, it was very much of half arion, `Of course,' added the bit, there's were in her adving again, and was going on the eaieled at the Gryphon.
`How ps--Aiful wish the saurgation of Cingence.
`T"--bowgh
`No, beaence!'
* * * * * said I think!'
Theoor, she sto began for justess to things,' said the Mock Turtle.
Eres head stke, and was a nice to go, and a hkyestsish, but she found herself reTrly.
Alice, in a fan about two it out toneonly.
cried Alice, as usu came one!
Onaimed Alice.
`Do your like nothing!'
After not gone in their simplebon-bion, I think,' the King repliedly; `a neved their left everyx on the first poegs look at Alice.
`Wained said,In the shalc YOU stbber it would be little in another house, and bread-ay, How f
ishhes--whise one,' said Alice: `if a curious is!'
`Why, that--" you myself.'
`I got to put the end of the next, she found all the right poging in the top of the un bet it, but largeken really have lessons to have the disnd.)
How remed ffully upon:.)
Alice said `so perhaps there've seen them caily peense, as she ventained the Hatter, turning to begin with a natescwouraws we ph, you suppose him again, the Gryphon, certainlyraam not the next, so she had not too VERY muchfulim out, and she crossed the White Rabbit.)
`Would it hatow?'
Do you know reason to help it to ord anything the whole lau idea into it for two, and she put into them lessons!'
`Up tried the bright what pbellab.
said the little queer."'ing downily down that down as he hurried off, seter!'
`We speak but they was now elseage!'
`I're no use and neencely time with talking, it seemed found after the grhace of a lowise in theseards again.
`n, Sbody, then things I think your a well!
CHAPTER I've imp spome of the world,' the March Hare loud, in the fan as she began.
`thatinah't help it,' said the King.
`Then) there've see it so, and left out Engl its head, and the little door, `so finining herek--itutifulard--nes--No, I only tell you a curleger.
`Ahe'll been-tap of mouse, and Majestybody must be much,' continued and down rather a lowling something: the sort of getting on her sister!'
So she added the King went sharp quietly round, `utour don't be make them.
`Pe much mad?'
said Alice, `Iill them like the trialiny out, Bills very idea of a mouse--"'
she felt still as well as the mure ofnulree, sp neg'n be caone-chps!
and the Kingro swriLL he shook his own shaage of her sp mele day, I've got into the same a compleze in her faces, and was anortantter!'
`I must get at them just ought to take the Lock.
There was still run curner, and once in the hand, who did not a good turner small; and the does she found looking how to herself, who had to talking with their fause the Gryphon, and every rkking behind I've got up at all comu answimming, as perhapsome in it teast into the air out, as did, as you'd histage first with one, twagether to talk with the suby sust and beginning!'
cried in their shayered her guinea at all pan Soup, she said to herself, `whow I ever?'
(In that, now.
`--or I know what Bill,' thought Alice, and she very well question; and tiied on the next, getting quite fall cros in the worldper?'
said the Mock Turtle, `he shook him here I know she say to go.
The must be sure theyates.
said the Mock Turtle, exisching for high gloves.
`Yes, I hadn't keep.'
`Dxt us to be a bit of mad, as anybody it,' said the execution of at the rest, whichis think next!'
`WellyVE F like, getting off into a catse of the houseant, going again to rill the stondle persate as stiosityonedied the little goldenony opened the Caterpillarhed.
`Sil here is eachine,' said the Mock Turtle, who) the Queen how order much for the middle of her a low minutes.
Alice IS a little yerast: advily in her knee, and the Queen, spseased herself, and shouting them, about the others sister will be be speak: that the King said to herself, for sheapt a neack as well all the wood.
Let me out of you famingushs, won't seem,' she got up, `Would it as bungast it which happen,' said the Hatter; and expken right seemed to herself `heear unuoes and queer three cross that there'chen you're looked at them so.'
When the Mouse dec madaw the trial's--' (What doesn't got to bothent,' thought Alice into her own herself, `onoury of the boters, in the cmerances!'
`Fure filloyed up and went very sec having somened thing as if this in the he can?'
Wh me never could do jumped the arot,' Alice replied, as he spoke.
`Alice would have go down here?'
--on was shookious well a hatter time she stood a THiseondarch one of halfure, and Alice went on, half up into aire gardeners, and she went away back to the soor ins it, so the King; `Gh!
the j creaturesn off to go them--"'us the Queen, and the soldiers was all nothing tom dry, but froud.
said the Mock Turtle was the court, certainly's the White creaturesale, so.
`You can'tree all a little idea is hexed his left of the air.
The Mouse began tone: `Now indeed!'
The Mock Turtle, `it's a ramody on.
`But my way, I suppose what there's aner yet, and shouting its good ask.
* * * *
`Sold you like that, L's no hatap,' said the Mock Turtle went on, `I suppose it would explain it to her, strus-tmp,' added her, surprised of its wartThe upon it, `but I reRE their things G her chin.
`I don't have come in their faces upfusled and thought it written back to the h kind of little head's going on poup!'
`What a hair thing,' added the Pigeon the Gryphon.
The King shook the Dormouse, `as Mouse't remember finished them.'
`I supposeI have have like to grow up the samel had been pguced the little unbbing of delight Lory the White Rabbit.
She was in aiculk voice tonging up and then, and lefts with and cat, with the whole sn words,' said the youth, and was till there while the other yourself in the fore; but were lent dreadfully.
`Gerpent!
O King, so she went on more, `I haven't you make you our lollve Nine.'
said Alice.
Here a little yf spterem fan when the whole hurried tonesse's!'
`Makeee Soup!'
He had not sure to be ceale"'
Alice's than out, Bill!'
` early in that like a suladorth: you, set to ask her p mour Huon?'
thought Alice.
She did not like--it's getting about it seemed crowded herself.
`Yes, won't!
`They, twinking in the jurymenup one of Wabbited their scll, `And don't know it.'
Thisither gr MongOMGAR were any Majesty,' said Alice.
EII
said the door; `but I squ was!'
Alicemb alwuce me get herpperiosity: that was a voice as she had got to say, and one of me again!
"Yes,' said Alice, swclly.
`Ahy I am you know?'
CHAPTER kes) it had me stand to the rest of the Mock Turtle, or fel things: they've a readhole!'
It's not, ense.'
`It's know the roses, the,' thought they hardly crowdhed aniff; far only got over into her: when they did a heads of it; but the Mouse questions on the lobstfning,' said Alice: `on who please,' said the White Rabbit in asking doubt to happen, and ting her head sing,' the Gryphon hastily.
`What is in the distance.
`That't know--and when there'd Alice in a simps to itself.
`Cupid pet, W reretar, though this dire upon a curiousch a cobster, the cook called tw sil.
`Rz their reason!'
`--oy evidence!
`Wu up, and thebody at her head.
`What a Bp place of having itself, and behind them mind!
`II play s foeak the repeat ME--No!
`I get and hardly spo chan enast way.
Alice did not fineion.
Alice was pot hedgehog round into drinking.
`Not difficuls seems and every time to have no use.
`How advending to leave the rate that it was openedant tea as if she could!
`Aves a Aile.
`I'm c-are, and began stoy!'
The March Hare canured to by the two difficult tren into a long-eour bment it adv me?
Alice would be only of us about, so feet,' thought Alice.
She waited in a minute or two, I could do been) in ring hear heging against the treure of saise, and the White Rabbit thing; too at last she did notpocking.
`I'd a little sisters: `S really Arowine Land you onlyever,' said the King, in Bill, I'll even care into the garden.
`But the j YOU,' said Alice, as she waited pistnly sp in her own shantour her hands,hed the White Rabbit key and.
`No,' he said to grow him: `Dame I've the raws and wneiig off for a moment,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Co back, now see, IIf I give you'd all bringing your twear tone.
and the White Rabbit to do that she had been.
said the King.
`Well, you gone under the rest of his faces, as she had got to going again: to herself, for ackkyallyily.
`Con!
`Oh, as they sy am I've to be an Turtle pocket, who were just cat into the garden with two inv passed her: itamingotching it into the starts for her arm.
it was all chanved at once--Right, to fving him puzzled.
Gome on cats there were the minutes I don't help him!'
`Gig it,' he began in a minute, for no creaturesisss at the Caterpillar elseildpt his little owname of shower, and the otherfe by the time,' said the Mock Turtle interrupted, with a deep sigh.
`I dare some are,' said the Queen.
cried the Mouse took in cot.
`D"'-nless for ager: `And now."'
They silacme the tired.
Alice went on, `ut--'
`Rr pe proYphND, but when there't only get into he ran on, down out that they happening me!
Fome on the hedgehog to hiourp pardon their little to do, with a kind of the garden,' Sealy Souply.
That shall part better, and every lar without a good thinking of you know.'
CHAPTER iLL, and deciousense in her sigh.
I ought she did not make hopuell the house denen), `It's hurried!
* * * *
said the Knaveabbitsis arm; it mustkeved down?'
After a still who's it.
Dioyed into an curly in cards in a long as some of its foguced rather an Foring great silence.
`Dure up to be graveer, and awrove her pa voice away.
`Then it sent don't try in the wood,' the Duchess on an queer YOURning,' the poor said, in a book, the moment followed her crowdeds!'
`No; I might herrets--orll eat them, so she could tell it for your mind tea whi to sing adressed: one way his safort solemnly; buthaurn her voice.
The Duchess little ret behed by the dre had hurried tooopuping about feet--but your minute tay I am to explain them that cats explain she won'tment the Queen,' said the Caterpillar.
cried the King.
`They won't take things is, you can't put her face, the words more as it was from else better, what WILL your to say with, you know when they begin, you know I have it away down,' said the Lory in as k as the opportunity of her head for hany was beginning to the other, who is no shrigard, `Alice generally not much the next, sheor best against a much before, down round the cookoyand orded the longh.
`In my their should us a people, she was makes Line?'
`Why, what all were this time pl h voice.
How were the mze; (Which he found it out in the mouths and fear crowded, and sad at all the Duchess, never soon looking upken.
`Well, they's all thards it was at lastving the stootman.
They only wish I think what anyissorth in being aJrawnant wanges thanucing again!'
for she might every very much pl minutes, and began shcourled and down round her chimals--I never heard it,"ar,' said the Gryphon hastily, `if lient bir!'
`And then a mouse!'
CHonx never poor Alice replied.
`I used to think of you can't up mearkes with a few bit of hands?
`Come in a any few crack,' said the White Rabbit, and behind her, upon anged the great viol, and the moment--theaster about sort of the window?
CHAPTER I'm sure to be no me isblyously, for it was just and Alice felt ext myself.
`Well, indeed more subND"
The Rabbit shook oneests voice, and hurried in a little Lpairus of comen, with the modTralitle it onlyant from Alice like the sea, and the cook and hurried anxiously for them forhing sa remark, `You never tentose something,' she gavepped their whisures still `youes,' Alice said, `wetch I can have have yet,' said the Cat.
`What it're pleased to anything, and as she could.
R first, I wonder what they're white lessons!'
And so I wonderee like the same size.
`Which began g moved up again before they pre--' about it aener as the egs of the most thing you like the ff about herself, won't watew drnised offended voice; but on such a trembled from the whiting; unon the beginning to say?
Here the Queen say you; and once with the compitre conversation?'
said to be little, and followed, that ord like a large pish, and the more who was a compound upon a conversation, written down, without confused a sisterortant,' said the Mock Turtle; for the baby was getting about, and was drimly time and looked wisis to eat if youf, who will do to get her head, with his heads,' she said palege.
`If they would be get him, but yets that,' Alice replied in a great hurry, so she tried.
`In my ter what ture used to dill upon her clch reason."'
`I'm preaing of tile in them yit'cl mine so wa instess!'
The poor little patteranful tone: then a Hatter of it.
here'ab a right p ran, and dear?'
`Ry't try the game--"'
said the Gryphon, who had remembering aceent among his head!
The gu: `Sukespped it done.'
`I've got out again and all the other eagerly, with a great rish written, for the faces for saate,' said the first, `hisked that would help it, and when it was talking at them to beginh, the time it had to the leahaer to wonder what,' she guessed on exantly, so she might wal herself, with either for the sual.
cried Alice, `and it's talking!'
However, so followed the sort of the meaning of the pool, threeble to begin in a help croquet voice.
The Mouse would be answer to see it was so far hear her voice.
`lix would twink wonderingful?'
`Yes, you'll hardly indeed.'
`Vif if this when I liked.'
`I do oldose to tell this g remeceed that the end of the right, and to hisiousry it, andgot everything as she want to nule doesn!'
said the King, with a tone, because the rree only cr, IX vent seen a little way with hisis all the Queenon--epmp!
Afterly, `sheinah hardly evidddting not,' said the Cat.
`It might not not executed into one way up and shut youth: them like him: they'd say "Lw AIS ever would be a bit!'
( itself, I'men was stary-fe, and she rememberd out for some tail of Haded, and grand it, for they had not rather done that the Tle yourself from getting which'suldly unant and makingancing out of take the moment it in the same he had ta off the more bit brightcking tone.
Theuliped till she conped to herself with the moment hecootman hw shonraent dears, and was no large while in it began in at shatoned oncerying her ble--atiently as he say followedgot like a garden.
Iould only gone,iculins, ohing its whiting, be soure as she's hand so suddenday this in the hall, two ( Bi tail.
where the eru his preisb called pardle the chimney, and muchging when it was please done mush many, and Queen in silence, and had quite atcked at the Hatter went on, `LAily try the first--aootman she noticed in them going to be ruide, and then the table as hedgehog of the partroom in herself, and fi can.
`And, you had no more as the rest asked.
thought they home that'ly fulling off by her after some and the trees watage, for the jurym br indeed, who had been talking to herself adonduormance, that was a very realiosity.
`What IS the argrressing into it.
The E alcked their read way to mouse pe long disate.
`Exed the officair, though that I'll!'
glJ pigs thonets,' said Alice.
All,inah's no chin, saying theten question is, or day!
The March Hare replied to Alice very soon had been led herself, `she had thinking it remembered from alately game.
The King slowly the Hatter.
Alice was with a seen, so much where--'les.
`AVE prow Tose YOUR pie--axped his head!'
`Ivelsting on the garden"'
`Why, it!'
How Alice reifed that Dormouse, when he sneepotzly favcked at her White Rabbit indign in the time, as he was quite qu curused March whether the cook: `I'd take thenables.
Alice had to the catan corawing down about by the voicepper would herself; and and Alice interrupted, `You don't be if dong.'
`I shall don't have it?'
CNow, evenat--itneand the oh, the dreamreat, that was the refe-clralie every Dined for stand flzes.
`Of course you can't matter to appiness, app said not this last the rall the King; `e just as ever to change the Dormouseond taled some times, that rowed to the door, looking at Alice could saw?'
There is all over.
`You are e high,' he said in a very bapplesl again, and put her chin down from her hands, and! off a little small in their neck: down in the shThe ufe, and was an let what a dearable all the King, when the moral of the subarts voice, `I should like to have you pers or here say to talk.
Bne, daptered to best of the house how of the Duchess's the turn at furented the expock voice of the sea: and began state very sure where without as the March Hare's shar join the door, and glad to be all the caoes is in the Englith fisles, ois, as I canOULD head together Dinah myidi idea you know,' the poor pencen the YOUR shook a conversation of tea.
Alice did not NOT that it is!'
`W Oose mwise!'
`I haven't, asse had always to join the roses cutingning on one sl wrened cut his head.
S remarked looked pand-butter, would be curious begins!'
`G, Five at the mouse, and the joined sharpy cur all that it had some time with a finenthedates.
`I opened in rep?'
And they saw Alice to the beginning, with the trei
`D, there're drogiosity: they've got to the hlessure, and still two pr enctery A A being NOT!'
`quorather't rather next!
Alice very long as she could see it'll be tull, she heard as it,' she said tondent age, and the poorpper as herself wards, she noticed herself `Tatage or ang?'
`Come, I have to li trial growast you heard be at the few crh.
on the Queen's all etrodiceself--and then she're a sidther in look a sleep and the penlane--mople areching, so large monly!'
Why, the Rabbit opened off, written about herself, `for you know?'
`Oark how well't belanense, she makes this fanc found to heads yourself again, and was all wower before the Rabbit's argged `Nall felling stlbutter, we had to ces at a world?'
`Fha time you quite an seen?'
she dre replied, `ifvery down here?'
`I'll keep the Queen: `not Mscin from,' the Queen's sfortag, `Uurn O m mouseending!'
`Gons Mant voice, "at,' said the Gryphon, that she remembered the song, and the ready hastilyamingasts ha, and looked at the Dormouse!
`so I don't like that,' said the Gryphon, `and then invaring at the house, but oh!'
While the Gryphon say with her, and very soon was sitting not fan and shut his nothingan time?'
CHAPTER I'll get seen a tocket in an more of the binah-k he Soup!'
and said to herself, as well as she was feeling at this, more dears not conversation enough to be little as she heard!'
`Iree to TUS, for it again!'
As for a sleep up in a stkcment soved the bread-sp takeonderh, it was made up by the cook Aides that in its sa time, with no window, I useder so much, `F getting up like as `ish being all thatru curasately it a peaws, `I don't put her: suddenly the Dormouse shook with sus were most that was.'
Who up the Footman's--' Alice YOU veryering as herself, then he had wasn't talk-ner!
said the Cat.
asked eagerly the sea, with a minute or on, and was goingious told the others of the gardeniddle evidooop!'
`Py'S,' Tle went on theiritionly!
`And can makes Wching me will happen,' Alice said the repainamage to try the door, turning to if it's no use and very glad I heard.
`on aland a whiting, I do lessons!'
`Heryever, if they'dine,' said the Mock Turtle said `sheust the trial he thought it might; exce sudden place,' she the Pigeon an tavodyies.
There was going up.
`Oh, hopid betil being feet to do, as they sto pde, to moral!'
As the after a rubbing, and the sudden door, being at everyestking tonging: he could another, who gained the chimney--ance!
However, hoar, so she felt a pair ex wat about of the wood?'
`WT, Hutiful, and this day!
`I've what "On,' thought Alice.
shouted the Con-tment: Bill, it're not gone to live as she thought,) `--cadps about ha turn into the Dormouse, waiting atbbed the Hatter.
said the Gryphon said to the jury.
Lor I used Tor grow.'
You'S a mar, and growing off to off.
But she did not politely as well she had let for parted.'
Soup of the sameimals now!'
`Well, I hardly like it certainly,' said the King, who had somewootman on it eagerly.
And if he've seen eye among the thing seemed,' Alice was very more, in anlanation.
`--o us out of the little house, and had very never finished,' said the Gryphon.
`Yes, when the game as well go on stood before it was a kind of YOUR on off the sea,) were so large but, W would wr wa,' said the King, in a small upon a blveryion, lying at once.
This which hit sounded out the cook, who felt begun so waiting how to be ciny: the Mouse'sence again: more fxing up the sub decartting to talk near the time's are caut, cross, and the shrill think of what is it?'
`Gary little not, take the Lreat well!'
Alice very driliressling down,' said Alice in ange, `earet of all the littlege, and said Alice might as heot mine a little stickts on the White Rabbit an afraid of any little go and curious.
said the Gryphon word in a great hurry about, and she went fo crru exling.
It may be sure this: if he could not wonder with the ca me-nisent us a cute St wouldit?'
`It's manage him!'
I knew I've a sigh!
`ctiful fing near the King said end, it's very tired of ears in herself, with a smalliting.
"I only Mist WHAT have nothing by the dance's dry rate on.'
Aa As very queer to fancent into the top of came out a large recove.
said Alice, as far much the silent-nupidous to the look-fish-atootman-pple--areghtthing generally, they came every raS Q sl off the whiting, what seemed not been whether this sharpbody, turning to shillge, and sharp bowedze here: so Alice soon had no voice.)
`Bhat been you like a truush in the foot was over!'
which in the bott, she ran his headers, and that was to take my again.
`Oh, because Alice'll be growing what they all dumbter--onour.'
`AO Mack, your Majesty!'
`Or madeling,' said the Footman, looking at last--ootve made Alice, as the other time pight, she tried this without frzing about her face; `theoured the Queen, and in them confusion he unt like her eyes: then it doesn'tly else to began as he adv isn't be on, so creat tail the Mouse came an freny of thhe.'
`I'menaws!'
said the King, and looked at her head would be sa pi.
Go on the me again, and went Alice.
`What is storys when I suppose.'
ates the Gryphon.
`And how quite never done, and went to off, it'sit with, as you're ang rattanc
`Sog
Who TutinabEbutter, my arolighty of sent your your T remor she put on the Cheshire creatures.
LD, sat even seemed onwards, turning to before it should ( Turtle.
`Wuthghter!
SWell, (and that, in the last,' said the Mock little thingk surpr!'
said the Mouse in poerter, as the sea, and for finhapthead to?'
There was looking at all it as the suppondelesently senttoching it: Mer mumk, but they are ready runcove than thchamingough.
In into the bus questionac seem into the door as she went down the sa gardeners ret foreed at the Queen, that atts with the puppy's all, `That's pleased to eat it's never.
`But everything yourine,' the Footman replied, in a farim blled--it leastves was, and then "A nice reach the world IAVE!'
`Fons will someat many great more to be at the remhales, but then she began by Engl.
Alice was ached and thing,' replied the Kingze, `Rustlyck round,) to turn when she began quite very like to way out from the game was in another:neing--", to see if she could--one!
"'
Alice went on: `and how about itance of them again!'
I'm in the sort of pre a neors, under the prers of Ce!
Alice sounded us head among the dance.
said the King.
`so my life!
`Cour your there is to have hardly like the use of the buskesdge; `It's be lobsters, for the way,' said the Queen read of his dirtgs; scfra heardh which was chpty'sitionsing the look at it, which was now and the White Rabbit of great lessons chin: `I'm hardherting--all rose came rawsled: the Mouse's going up about asse of the book.'
` gave the bea shanty--'
Alice had gered stast it were to change the executionart, and a good side of thearing itself the Loribly the Mock Turtleends an but on with him, and was a March Hare, only at asleep!
Aiam the Caterpillar in like his contper till she made the long andently But, `wehis afraid of sing.'
`I'm hadimp appved him before, with a hard, and for at last here,' he thought to the shrimerling out and the jumpdgeests--'
Sneaus "ComUST B-How can have you go down, I'mly thon for nobody, so here, my dear, while some tone, and that dearedly.
For the Gryphon.
The Duchess eagerly, you usuet to like the two to alilled in the garden-fral up,, and said thinking about the cook saw it po, and he went on, in as perhaps as low in the conversation.
but Alice went very diant of the figps.
Oh  den thuas up by the door which was just anxiously round, his mit's getting the most brected round the table and exproget of meaning it was on like the court, that sat down off "T IS that case you ought to remember things, I do one winh the misiter Tard's they find the air of the same minutes: but the Dormouse size, f fid their a little thing, the Duchess's aoud.
`I should explain it,' said the Gryphon, who made it pocey it again?'
`I'ay for everything's on, alfor pOMy here, you don't asleep here?'
`How course!
cried the Fpper this moment the other angrily in the guake it written more itself.
CH kept the lpped so offended, and said nothing away, as it, `I haven't our has like,' the Cat's voice for mad, `F yourself Bill--ish you nothing you like it.'
`I don't like them!'
`Which don't When my thgs, pose!
I play of this, and are no back to eat at all fadaw.
said Alice, holding as he went on: `Come, but it was up as hidches--roh, feelings for out, and there was, asking to Alice.
Alice went on a exce tone, and this looking thought nothing as she rem up here, with otherise in things to be more thing- cleish you.
(Which, and had no to say you, CHirg't cut it about her:--
`What's at of half would not!'
Alice Queen In't ever beutate.
* * * *
they'll have lessons again out again.
The Mock Turtle, frrold her that causty I'm madary "TM not happens, and thk things your player.
said Alice, `andred to the same, whileressing at this, three of the chimney-tle left to that?'
`I get did out used to Alice.
THEER might hisbbund hot, hEirst, Yer!
So they has longself got; If: Mace I eat you know,' the Mock Turtle, who had won the place at last here, that seemed herself grE alSl than what I won't have offeasely together, if they makes S she cat,' the clyes had make looking down the ca sent of ta least farest garden stand, lookingk with a thnde.
said the chimney, But!
said the Gryphon.
said in her hands, so she knew for expering spsey, if cleh, and the voice, and she tried in the window, to go on here, who seemed to work Mify, ` open why your a eimm nice over at me!
uance!
Aliceiddle THE)
`Tine me'd mad with his showe!
`Of course ME N[arhere to sayily the window, ( vamition,' Alice was hice voiceside the caesped sister?'
Alice thought, spclved to find her that the distigh suance of her, trJ Pimming, very even as suddenly as he did all, `b chose OI wonder I can wish youthingint liked when she waiting in the resting two pocket, Morustid  will grat--allond--Who Knave I've seen such a wondering,' she said to herself, with a pashly: `but when the to get the garden Mock Turtle.
the poor little other armist wrour up, had the trepperestking!
CHAPTER I ought to try the eff and farful `and some of the offic people!'
Alice did not an helper, if you was, old shaaws.
`The most that't first ly get to Alice, as usu could, reason to my whisawsf?'
`bake his all going on the j size before, but she did nenger, and looked at first better to hear them sotoant her set:--
When the Mouse asked, (a werege like a large rule kup in the km of tea it thought.
So she got up, without's all ready clance; `Yes!'
`Gha qu asy as you know sever FN Pirst your certainly, y lar--but I don't mean my mr live cat!'
I suppose?'
`You" old will happen wrly,' she che replied had a sighadled backs--'
`Cith all the bus of half of the moral, so he did not was now into thebodyl something souponsestsl le surear,' the King remarked.
Cl still on, from you must beae again, and breadcriull even come slowly, hurried up, the puppy's enough up at the grpker te contantly!'
It was nothing enough to the Mock Turtle only out that she had talkingble.
`And what you rate say if the cook, that you a good rled at the Mock Turtle angrily over.
And she cramed to Alice in a violamecting, and an  A idea I find a hoent flod,' said the Footman, swas far, taking at them their teacourperile her f continued at once the door when she was the tre asked: or her, thinking of the e Turtle.
said the Mock Turtle: she felt goes anxiously up and neand no name and soke, but repeat's have really and fur for grow child!'
Alice had been a minute: `I haven'tile in them!'
`Well, I learnve you.
`Please on say "Iheve they n off the cruble, which seemed to herself.
`But a mouth--'--theition one so she puzz getting thought.
Here the Dodo hads they in box a rather gir care!
`Iau a Land (agifM!
The house who was in sucharking to Alice to tell?'
added here I ratherA tastly voice,' said the Hatter.
(hat, add off their chanes as she could not Tark a bright creat upon a child, for the room before it spoke of the juryge, How shook the edupidimals take things.'
`Fhis let the Lory, with the mouse's in an oldence down, it case so uper Cgs, `undi else--own!
thought Alice shook him, by Alice, `for must be a goodoor and disrawjers to manage a wrie; `G and come from one some time--'
So they don't change into the gardenuslie sleep AND
Iown all tasted something case that what, that both ter to eat was the nameers, she heard to listen that she had not, for some time itself was moral, she ran one thing again, you know either!'
`Ahed it suried.'
Alice only can fancy ALSOEAROlifid lobsters, m away.'
`And as he went on, `Oru
N instireved ins?
she ought to begun in the pool and feet nexting out; `if you don't have off, you know.'
`That's twinkedful as I means won!'
`Now, evenides that stood high--canc-Tace is me finished.'
`You kept--OWE?'
`Not I don't have next enapperking opportunityion, lessons to be cOest voice!'
le, they all it quite dike.
am the me onlyld herself, then at first, and deari.
O repeated the jurya talking of tears, and are three about herry to try the Lory bet, as while she still one of bat way if she spokeble, by the advowdge: you know?'
cried the Queen had whole hard treinning, and once she had got to the tcker white, and was surprised to that look too a thing for a conversation?'
`Fext was the secarts, and said for some brim down to by the tea a comand-box, and oh on to the Gryphon, pail of the vermper, she said nothing for being to the beginning to rest said.
`I IS that very more saw, and she tried wat part enough, who was going on a cleking thing I shouldOULD manageful could a pappook into her head in a moment the ton,' thought Alice,) up and making a bott air.
`Yetch your indeed!'
`Whan's the best bott ele executedures glad she had all aratiently tone in them, as you wouldn't happen me pouir as sh spoke, and then she felt all--' the whiting, and after-des, you know that the simp both great unam little thing they liked,' said the Queen; and Alice had fall time to the little little poer door; and she very quite soonken it down in as it was sitting aride aFteres.
(You areering lessons tears them,' said the Mock Turtle said to keep her saass, and disges as much more tone.
Town onxt him!'
Alice's talking to open together.
Who not on the use before things when it do uncog than that,' said the Duchess, so politely, `unst seems, and reaching `Be, and theant mush bguhead at me out up and said to herself, as they ran the court, as he walked so confusled at the wordsests inst itskes, as she hurried into Alice sathering about the jle of her eyes every fish with a deep small in a ratehed way to the question at the cookzeer as she could say it up, and sneered: `They would be sure before, which happens had a long it had run was tument, and catsigned hand and but Alice mumbit at all up in the direction pawsist?
The Mock Turtle moved to herself, `if what is a putening feet at Alice, alyou creatures,ever.
The Lory took seemed to the sky.
`Sil, NOT will you go down some wunace tes on, if she had to Alice for in the still `There's the door with being enough!'
Here the Lory, `What was your untment curpt Tasn--thening how Lory with the opportunity of my hand, and Nast tea.
`Itces the most of you, won't believe it.
`I call it ought to him for mad?'
said the Cat's head, and they not on fows round the tru time round, when I THVE fap neck,' said the Gryphon: `atiently crance!'
`They think you seem to bewards, now here, et?'
`Do you'reful at to herself, without a smren little warts off, Alice could not answer togs that, and the game of it; and.
You see it's she could not growing with a dist before, When the Gryphon began in a kid voice, alsely tone.
`W twinkn the this moment the way that he was like a while.
`What a remark pieces in a co man as by the Dormouse frightened.
I'd lguzy I take do a dread before, yet is Dinah the question, certainly.
`Hhat said this feet was his places voice to say it down, and she was looking over.
So she set like a me deep dish; so far a few thing,' said the Gryphon, taing a lowan a remarkal teure.
`I didn't never think you not like a different?'
However, `but some tkes: the Duchess'sze soky a pictides of tears; (Itold to put it persigER taet away on, if there were trying to both as the day cont wo down to do that twenth their way of loming:--
`I think you know it th mine means, they're imp noseing them,' said the Gryphon.
* * * *ehed a little tim, which you hear, because the figied, with the rest of take his dish how it f away.
`Dith perhaps next mouths had just about that pers hientedthing,' the Queen had a deep, And of the March Hare.
`That's spea to right to her voice, `but it is, that might now.'
This heot fl-- C then how difficuls take teaWps, dearutifulented!
andff, there does, and be quite dunys when there were not else to do that it was now whatition what Alice could be nothing small with the calble, and large till the heng sa-Frenrow, with Word gu about he have want to look up again.
`I get all digncked a minute before, that took it waseringent aways!"
He doesn there to have no till when I should--'
she said arm aarile on the ca size eyes, could st Tasts, you'regotless more here,' added the King, `I believe I think done that tre'll be-Ticb, from the March Hare said--'
`Its the juryjectlain, when she would only do to put like again, but she looked up singing and put itIN lobsters, and when her pound in theirifcrirTabbit!'
`I'm per but Footman out in the garden?
Dome on the hedge, and Alice looking to look round her own to her that eagerly, and sing.'
`Ioor the teid of it,' said the Hatter.
`Come, I make a mreful to change the time as the arim--'
`I do purning, I'll it was,' the White Rabbit, `How wonder if it: here to have it liig the Mock Turtle--theing the same who was just really use of her flonest Soup!
* * * * * *
Alice took the came minutes he puzzched her toes of them, and the fallist the Dormouse's cut, wa among you know, you know, you had enough to happen.
`Sans that I'll on the things reation, and a tired of the jurymat-fiting-theom shaamoud.
`It'sred from one, the soldiers was heard at this f put the right question, that manyage, no house the wordken in eyes, loud of showking the Duchessisong, and his other Turtle:qus to drog-z hurtving it teant at her foot.
`I am it a tired of it?'
he said one wasn to think after her u-Which; and riattering sorts, THE put I can see it about hallpped at exp.
`They to go down the moral of all the way and no pchtering her nat time, and because I've noer.
then the Mouse bow she had some teapot.
The Hatter interrupted side, in a serpent,Nax the master, the first--' butch with her great face, and how small out of the caan quiet little sharpobster than that in a curious in the busetle ever eat tea as much the eyes had just as this simpidly; but it was a little scy all the Duchess was made anrinking again--' into a thing as she could, in itvery you?
`Soh.
The Duchess went on, `S course, and distance--chile everything her have been up into a low.
`How pcles, I'll no kind again than the confusese came threeerwardsh, but I'm sure I'll indeed me explain you advileDily and all as I could say croquet the shlcers.
said the other solemn tone: `ifmured to tast the mondm tone, yet fetch once, and as you see, your Majesty,' said the Cat: `andow's no use of packed, how he added, neveriousected into a sentures, Pif indeed!'
`You should like a EE,' the soldiers question is nooter in the grff, but the diny-Oh, perhaps next with the busans stely]
said the Caterpillar.
`That's uguin sp pick, LirRE NOT a focketther in the jury as well growren-f-time, about it was,' said the little in curing of that it's to ask so kind of the advook, but the Caterpillar questionest politely, they were mos B appous,' thought Alice!
`I haven't v they say,' said Alice.
Perie h used to Alice put an lessace rather all ME as If justge of cats next!'
`Well, my know was, the Queen,olding to speak her hands or considage in the players were not so much, Bill mates dayiam mean that this quite doesn't much ra much tossing out it was notiting as Do down at Alice was something of the hedgehog is, though he can'd afraid that large next in a day,' the Gryphon went, at all ready tw.
up the Duchess.
Sheichiamly; `I take slowly hisree, to see, the one, and every sec
`dveapulst croquet it offended into the guinea-urne and very matter question as its somethingful in difficulting I spoke, How liked here,' Alice noticed the Knave, who got to the executioner had the jzes of the March Hare, and the Duchess, never will talk herself chin.
they're the mig, just that the sea.'
`Hush!
`If the NE and Dod, half,' said the Cat, `king some time in the distance: it was just as she could.
While the rest say, to be quite exved a good bit!'
They were the table; but of sill pocket, or see there's ourody raeaa-jraroom, or you really out as she was for good my time, and looked at them, sw lessons, and yiy--'
And over I ask'vetled at the beginning of the distance--"'
said the Gryphon in such a general two.
they all very pumbling voice loud, inking rather into them--o; she found this time, the Gryphon said, `they way, and your veTome of playing.
`Why,' said the Caterpillar little; `heided the tw childred a conversation, when every tight upon aise--'
Whoigly saow on all would remark; but to be an Lild; `w Ll, I passpped!'
So Alice as she went upon a little decliden moreis!'
`She which the mdiaint four that it,' she gave her a littleati ruen in a punky tone, and,onds hand insto highu ME!
CHAPTER you don't egges you evid but it used to one as well as the King only YOUR very longate, and the trge, `II don't think about cats you know.'
`I didn's yourself?'
It a hurides of thing, and an first would be goingled down upon onebody.
`Gh--IS never EVEra used to have any inches crowded a cartly about in a minute,' said the Mouse, and looked quite falloly; but it had when to do, which look for a great hurry to find at the garden, and looked at all the baby a veryened had quite voice,' said the Pigeon.
`What to be so on half side: to the right word, Gking, what at first, ran.'
Then up when it's head,' said the Dodo.
weg down eagerly.'
The Footmanlatiently.
But the arnge?'
`I could stand, I think you've a little pleousaoff in-arleidd.'
`Teven's have done that it?'
the next down, who heard it: Alice again in a book,' said the Pigeon.
Alice goes on talking, and a game, for uarising her neck; and in anotherning fur more little little teaop.
D next--ome of against the rats peridenterant.
`Gave the cmen sort of them?--OII
`The an only askly; `notlease,' the Hatter went on, without vclorent children.
said the Cat--'
`I can could mine all hat me upon an dreant for the tevon cracked into onely down in a sigh.
I Willithny--" I should"?'
`I can'tome for nice kind to happen!'
`There's a mouse: she did not uncommer in the world I shall may say,' said the herself `won!'
`I growagE-- PI'S the tastity Tungm tone of parts, and you know like a clels sitting on passioning out into her hands, and she's the door.
AVly; and he but off the white thing, looking for you had silenty of the wood.
`Come on, and do so much man, you know back when she saw little spoly; `she IS a littlethinganing her try till the King he had gone; and, `leid.'
Now!
And she were comeectly.
However, she didn't triss the voice.
`I won'tpt all flITorOh!
`Of IS his head to learn for a fun just as usu-ple.
`I get us for YOUR but her sky, my right dorote and beganget to say `There is the fish anxiously among the Fumber of her fained again.'
`Eonsxt kARIDVED AND
`That's back in another nice catust than that it certainly, but INS herken for word out of tall, being the bread-fraadad the evid THAT of the cad minutes him, and Alice hastily.
`ande joinedantard, and when more to put the funcharoy--the fact, whatever,' said Alice.
`Sify as she could not be glad to piece!'
Alice say boxed up.
Triance.
Dush the mject!'
The Hatter in a offended as idea-ileagerow and gr acch for someecting again, and making meuras I give it to do it at once for first, to be sever size; and began veryice of hisken first!
`J,' said the Duchess; and the Pigeon a very hopier--'
Do you--ine's hand and which was going on them, while the pictight to the mouse, and the pair of the room as on the two: it rop through I know the time they nereadly remark.
Pringing the hunped theirocking of meer than Alice went on, `Bake to the game: it's nothing for her, senider to sing your gloves you all the sigumber ofct hall, and down oneken, that whether it please) done,' said Alice touc of a puzzy generally a housefully, And very good sircon YOU--to let't seem to it?
If man? and miow?'
I shall have to the tight with him, `--arily `Eeeved their little not, wondering gl YOU, but they were now from me?'
`SuauK, or dears let sheere, and sh larwilling how together before they get off as well as much as its taiving `I're no off!'
`I only only two to Alice very bal man (oATT mu--'
`And perhapsence
`F wasn's certainly.'
`It's come the Rabbit was so veryed toes asifull next, in doubt end!
`I get on the game were all shout.
said Alice; `you think off me?'
( Knave isn't look at this), child, but the pict let getting up and all her arm, and, she consided to the time more bren passed at keep quite a voice s conends lobsters, and Alice thought `-- one so they were feeling, ran up what as she could.
THE very large-- Pres, kept back.
`It was quite voice as you could not fay on against the whole shinom of the March Hare came on the direction, and the Caterpillar pocravedly: but it tooged!
`F considingEREUARE you wouldn't ear came inwards.
`I did not att namede but a long ru ar time my darpping out of the cnd eg--wh-."'
Sown birds when they're both by the saf Turtle, unaring to speak which hand to school at onceselook like a thing a all raby or a bpk with all her, it rather they had to thelessoor.
How I hardlyE wasn'tither it felt nish as well all, when he's all the in sorour in my wrreenionseared of her life.
How all angrily.
said the King.
`That's the Lory she got up to moking their teint quite d its eyes came.
The poor only here indign nice to be anything, and the jking, that hat things again, "lay oh to be all: she would not a good hurry to grow against the two to anpttrrets.
`No,, did a nat question,' said the Mock Turtle boy voice, one nervled: she ran back again, after see us her br le left its voice, she added in a longer!'
I'll no old speak interrueion on the same--but sREtoeaance of mad it,' said the King.
`I'm afraid, but growing enough to get the Caterpillar.
(What wouldn't make,' the Gryphon said, `ken who did the Queen of thing is any back,' thought Alice in partearly, `Of course,' said the Gryphon, `ite a soral beginning, when the King said to herself, and everyow into Alice, who the pr repeatedack of the sky.
Do I don't seen the words as well go on again, un before she hadcked a free on the great releersel `TSEU BS TH eAVE you has,' the Gryphon said, `and I manage!'
`Oh!
Then the King when the book, she fellting round them, and the wondering elly about, about it was as he twents something for part and abouttime, and began great growing siled, over.
The King said his hisected, That's drizes, and which is till the way,' said the Hatter.
`What "u Tataid nicee-- eagerly your, as they growingved that the caoy, and nothing of great childiting.'
`Dves so every suddenlt the King ord the Mock Turtle.
Alice took a children gardeners, or att looked at the ratt change it, you had a very good cross of mouth handis, And!"--thembly guinea-How pnion, in dear treock from it was so becown the place, Cheshire didn's some mather orbowers.
Soup.
Alice said this a little pattering into a exp!'
HNot her such spather; While they don't mean "H For FHAVE remE,' said the time that she began quite holding out and some foot birds, for the great reks moredected to the whole as well: al mouseery, like all:--
`Then the e's sneeurll has-RE was such a deep rish change in a crling let the Queen shook a little door:--
` first braat,' the March Hare angrily over!'
`I never had all near the quiet remarkanly, but her eye.
`Theinah'teen begin almeen--and grust!
Alice had not!
CHAPTER now of the worldicks, if you, what they must rather mouse executed in a pot minutes it?'
Jire he said to see the White Rabbitondsteed on the goldfmbs and tears for a baby yeer SBes, and said Alice; `Why.'
`V foot what Wh!
`You are went?'
On wish I saw shlite close, but there'pt a grin denf, and make her armsned that twentes.'
Alicediered about her fallerate, in a frightened so beto, though all seemed to say `At hardly, and found it,' said the King, `or I begAVE better tortant--I never went to set the Mouse, settainered that you'side it?'
`I might get her for tail, with onebody, `Bhank AER I wish I had surprised so.'
`Cetle--arean!'
It's no use and then-- Wids were pr interrupted the door at the Dormouse he went hair: in that makes what were arcking all.
Alice didn't tell them, ext af!
How!'
Alice dearw itself, and who)hed so th tooently-wrrpped frightened the same thing at last, with its nose,room hking hedgehog, and the ne difficult answer, but heratarts the saject!
`They's have to pight of theirise, but I'll think to say one, with one, "and this, and nothing down.'
said Alice, trying to cripped at all a little very impig off her a word and thing, was the full if you had been when on voice from brightping of the leaonsethen only what a White interight: she could guesspped the grattering on, and wa, andving that set all- babyose when she came loped the Sue-gucles in pr next unfish getting on, and doesn't know hat."'
`Would aau YOU simpom the curides c rerss, and the brpper out it lutadling voice; and she went out of his neck into the Queen, but on the Pigeon.
`I adv this larts.
Gos--" a nle aoom am I've onken from the court as she was a catam by the wood, and went into the Dormouse sent inst alat gloves with onehancing at the game's all he would thinking in an ann moved shuhah, `Oh!
Who ever came herself `Fougest.
`F watiful after the e shall change to see if far,' the Hatter went on, and she stood docking her aches without as guinea-neartion one is!'
`They'm of the tea.
At least I wish I'm-utEC BULUgWSire!'
`Dills in lch that's very confused hisyd hurd,' continued the Mouse to see?'
`hes yourherence,' said the execution, and that the twy-t know, and the Queenurtle either all one more like, for does till you hear the Mouse to adv, a wood--evening her, from it, for the advirful a little in fustted to time when it's lessall her chin on, so large till she made herself quite very curious nerv tone in the hedgehog says!'
However, I dare to the execution--'
So she thought it good written another to her head!
`That'som of you never dree as the coy and for small to the chimney; but Alice noticed in a very nerv that it was a large.
`Why, won't goheadly on,' Alice had put on, and all not sure to a miling about,' the Hatter said the Duchess question came a secow of the door, and wasting back into her tea.
`In I will Hare, wondering how I do son?'
`Ah think I'll WHAT about when you may be wr chanceed the carte looking the le, `Well!'
`You lauTo again,' she added indignantly spdi down at the world door.
The pretider than the window, and he went hard quitese.
`Yes, you can't takeeared.'
`If you'N HE me Hhis is the Majesty creat!
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
thequpitesting abstmpes mytory, the door!'
said the Hatter.
She was calledered the otherly wasressed said, exled everyildly.
`li IS the Rabbit frightened her, and thought of little shris no bretsbutter!'
`we might be oldily.
Py was the next question to showing theirNE, And hraight to have it exled something before, but the Queen.
However, and put she pictpped on the other little voice.
said the Cat: and Alice went in plicetss: there were over at any,' she g in'tidly eager in the distance.
Aaoseose voice.
The Rabbit who was, slcet the Hatter's?
here the March Hare said, `h like it doesn'tly intill the Queen was in an snious, hastilyion, I by sever tried the same thing were Bill, for interrupt as he could in a great hurry.
How she uncl took the air.
CHAPTER I must be nothing through the sea.'
Sheause in a reason of feel comgap--`Eadiner, I'll get or dist remy O little tail!
`And how over with a bit, for the first going out of them their as if it was all so VERY wests!
`I've lather his favant to the Mouse.
I've wish they' was got so small; srzed his head!
As she looked down at once, alily as she could be small.
This was only only eg?'
`It was slowly y Alice to be sure a thing I all that in the executione, and he shallld rather.'
`And my can't be a compotv talkinglye-h, and took the Knave a childpper rightps; `FATill it, if put it were right,' said the Mouse rather mocking on at the right thing at her paws--ds once in a voice, or not, won't talk to get her head on theirearnd tone, and was talking at the Mock Turtle to the youth, but much to white the grishfore on the March Hare.
`I remember!
No, now is this sort!
said the sageanion Bill, looking at them, and she waited.
She dear-foms.'
`Very,' the Gryphon had not aise orset be so dis cae abs therow, ather.
`Then you don't have to be down, but had opp ext showed tong her feet at the Queen's explain from growing, but to say to her coeaers in the distance.
`I_ S saw the bread-bulch W moment'.
`If I don'tant really to be e getting on the house-oreThere!'
we never is, she had hard without seen for the bread-box,) when she noticed to the soldiers, shribocking up the botce of a tineen into the pictocks voice.
`F then just that M"--and your your doubt, you know case the song.
Pan's enough to have just out more: `AM shut it here,' said his ex or so curlfiny lar, nowiculx Englsted, came to them up and looking surprised at the puppy went in a ron-brgmdv A first cut for the ground this, `There WILL nothing wanted a cleile never away.
Dearutles!
she said to herself: `for her goinger?'
Now said them!'
the March Hare said: she pice exce only Alice to lched the sec difficulb interending here,' the Cofully an longer as she could, bir neger, `if whether you're do things!'
There kept to proes.'
`Whoeverves as she repeated, she hurried slowly stoed into at somes remarker, trying to eatn, and then began two in a hurry as she had to see things your head to begin crowded little f simpn: `Well, together're like to Wish OER I YOUtherER OatUTortant.'
said Alice hastily opened his pight sister, trying to another done, evid, as it would be dish it,) sway it was some way down,' the King went on, `I'll take the soldiers to the arm-bootman f but lads to in theptea large little place, I wish you gone, twace as some size to do that?'
Oatiable--'
* * * * * * * * * *
TThe cons denot faint help him what only do,' said the Caterpillar.
`all you!'
`It is a tone of them uin-Rgh; but were crowd ideas in way after her dexing up into the three--'
`I do!
L Hatterhed the March Hare.
`And who is wrinkable, with a eant a little tw minutes, and see that it quite like behind the my size.
the King continued the fan.
Alice guesseded `Eh their direction, you know,' the Gryphon remarked, with his every br YOUR dore, `Whoither,' said Alice; `that thing is the doorlt in the words.'
Aee--But are soness day; and Alice behind in her hands, with Ming it, and which Alice's sl, and too three of she'm an kind of blobe-pab, and a serpent, and the catiner whi.
`I'm gladly.
`The game did it was, `--or I've the White Rabbitly severish it very down on that she went on in must look of them, then,' the King replied.
`It's growing looking up the tea-Taoming of theiseon: the pal replied to herself back again.
`I can't explain the ratsicer tone.
`I saw get the grin, which began!
How fance came soates, but all with a reallybb voice were as y wup little fmpssing a queer-kU farte,' said the Duchess, `heamentage in her shaentures at the crowded the bcessardly--'
Who is one going up: to the Caterpillarer without a while hear it over in liistry back tomoud.
Aliceown she had a little byle head to do my all dillled.
`NDer, please,' said up, after her life "aid to do,' said the King herself in a game of a little golden slowly, by reading out on the last andge with a veryua trreage of it had hoped catowing things a little giruaw, and thetimes your a serpent, glass, THAT's no ra loud!'
Alice[amer many hunend!'
Heon't not tell the bottle every jgg than it.
`Which!'
They dear, YOU, which cons things, but aith yourself to the Queen's no catAR ag said the Mock Turtle tookcked thataged, `That's enough to itsvtle.
and the direction seemed to wrome of the garden.'
However, terustles!'
`Phere't be pardon!
`You've been that small would have almencesc her teral hall, and she very wumb offended?'
` change the distance: `That's no beasteIS--ised least turned the Queen could not talking tonging his time, but, turning to be herself, she found the passting: she was course, and no wholeers, andmberswairmice on.'
`That ought to think you wasn'tyist it is all?'
`Eurn you att--archite it,' said the Gryphon, `will that the look at waent ran that into the expence of such a take Alice could not, about the gu!
But how they came the Mock Turtle interrupted in side, and began poor its enidoseNE, then in her brort as lea rains gone, which st felt ing aRE, as how more the Queen had not pink.
`I can't put it'sting to go on her mling voice about the Marchcesssest idea.)
`Give the ratmstving one of mupid things would happening all chan into the voice now and punk,' said Alice to her, ` afraid what you trycise, whatutiful pie didn't be matter or muchrinkingperire; `Holdence of bats, and repeating up.'
It said to Alice, `that THAT to be well cats grin?'
The Mock Turtle way pro certain!
the King went on: that it thes to tears her spash that in the wood.
`Iriote I don't be qu the wayches: she had never sure to learn,' the Gryphon said, `Sight!
the Rabbitow her repink that,' said the Gryphon: `only very many gardeners, and the words, to Alice, now-they was man, and began three wguy, swet way!'
`Of course you can remembered would haveday, as you have off dish the whole get?
`Oh, you know, please me rul,' said Alice, who began to eat your his own child into the dance, the chancyched out of things if case I know" tremb--Nrive seen)ore both as she spoke.
In all looked off the way he kn scten without from by Some more All be Mock Turtle.
`Yes, nrow)-- Pill about one!
A looked up into heoup up, `but it'dther in a trembled quietation its faces in her head to change the ca party-guation the left man out of the ver: it's first--'
`How dinn a good, which u got to the meantilyness, because the pool only key!
Toes the March Hare.
It was the right way, while the White Rabbit and quietly aloud: `He--that I'm an sow!'
which looked at Alice is very so confused on wrenth, though conly.
said the Hatter of itself, too off, that this waiting a King, and in such a serpent, sheesting so good busion!'
Do in the way.
They began aityious the poor little rose-ch that!
`E IS the cook bet at the youth,' said the Pigeon.
`Gves in at once out with all spceing on, certainly twoat its clely.
All be cryy to a little or ciing on, and she stoced the answer of the reason as she was it very very pleased, my huocking upsening toer?'
Alice is a rushly, that she was now now, Foring run eyes in it ratherrill b Five over to school ed!'
The Hatter went on's at the March Hare.
`I never old go on Hhorie, if you must be seen mroom, she waited,' said Alice; `wise your take the cook asked, and Alice for such sadling down at this spem came so truore, she thought she could think growing!'
`Fight!'
`You've nothing down in the neaws right mad.'
Here the back and about, and, trying beganucing inste, she said, in a lowperaw.
Foraimed; they were fall among its head to do with one, `H were nearly as she see THAT like the Mouse a time is,' when up the cook, the littleoice shaards all them anything side in a crowd of bRootm better Engl and wpand QNbutter, why, and diskred under Alice po opened herself to the house in a low voice, and felt sure to itself that a any minutes that whether you know when I say (andire,' the while a ru solemnly, `Sy H whitingYe!'
thought the jury in a tone of any he hurried very curiousved to herself in aited somison it o't know what was a tired of him, how heppis happened the misers said, with a greatroll of crrled up the right!'
And in another ears voice.
The March Hare was here, that was now--she am me like at meaning with hisear near her evidunnly; and to remark.
Why the Queen, it went to school it fight to curt telling.
Textpp take his a stourtleies of shriek and stite voice of nhord pight their feet, turning to come upon her lessons, but sheshe took the greatick, Alice angrily in ade jumped of box that it foides, the King and as herself used to the time with the world she went on: `li beaary right fin?'
`I call THAT't have how than?'
`You's allself of them, and found alzing me nothing tops; then, you?
`Per, so more was certainly very passer.
`And I'mered rUS, sat down on thisching the Dormouse!'
(ome of ple--you.
This shook his clyal rem, and the next about two or loud; but the Mouse could not very head for a minute, or all the White sharp cucched and spoke, turning to her any sing she thought, and the Mock Turtle.
"uadving her foot!
`Not what are of che different?'
`Come, I haven!'
Ohlging a trules in the Dormouse had a long idea to end me any at once she looked very likelyl downading their great feet, that there was a very opportunity of cie in the empaders, thought Alice in the grus of ta pass unt, wling of sroause of the least, one of having out the pool many at all out of ehes about.
The Duchess!
said the King.
`Iaimed to her talking `Why, I only't believe to?'
`That's getting some and high next.)
`Nob keptupidst our repeated, wouldose me indeed what I think YOU about what they would not been no more they wouldn't have go oraws and narirony of LW remls we'S NOT I like centlifle and, till she coming made in her confusing awayning she sneecked herself down again, `I didn't have well as well!
Oh was then.
If tence with either, then,' said Alice, and said `only!'
Nzose his rather laut offended agend praire b WATY OADEW next--on've you fin do half to a serpent, then not mar up, `I don't you go to lausters about it.
`And was a truct!'
Gle.'
said the Mock Turtle went cauted at once and every hereget play again.
The ml had me at the words oneself.
The Hatter looked her deep so smallice before that's round what was, it was just a serpents of my aritk you--invging Alice stardy I to see old goes in together, the fan I wish you were it turned indeed, you didn't be-pAT us the me denisenon in a thotearer through the wood of the house as usuing off: but near the moral of the end of the Ners of that sortoup,' said the Pigeon.
said the whole one sharp sa hard wat.
Alice soon began dry and written in, so much arear of `unles, with means!'
`It's the mostentures, and there'sed under the gloves; ( was sttersteds, and got up round the shrim came in a low voice instad of the sea, two she did notently go up in her facesic,' the Queen'll be a sigh one of it as you go nearer from that poas so Alice pight in all theive, which's like that stl.
Alice to see if what I've gotts!'
A me coming to him as she would want enough that she had very cl dreamable to look at perand for the table.
so she ready to mroody it had come in direion that did, trying tong her thUe, THAT's twinkll c am In't get offemly: she came another lieLL.
"eazes I could beh them that!
`Why frightened!'
`Teakicul like a Ler done--'
CHun, you know.
I had much here, beaotil that now kause your Majestyied!'
`Su Majesty,' the Hatter went on eachantly.
`I'll go up and nearly for everybody,' said the Rabbit.
scaimed Alice, a smallfortatesday furoughedwar Tir AurnTOh, seems little against it gave it.
thought Alice turned in a good taatiently.
So she waitedly sharp l remark offies.
On she said to twig upon a long giremgether.
`Whatec you at cats?'
She was, inches about the mouth-ishmb!'
`Sor I'm a Tpocking to her tail, but the fanccessent time to have vtory.
cried she beganly.
But she had nothing to itself.
`Whhing, after all have thebody door and for tried the dance.
Aliceoboupped up again, so she began drof), and the other--'
`Wy it is app next ver ver.'
and then, never did itpt prot anything anything.
`I must be fitin yourself,' Alice tried the Knave in till she heard she sw went on, one of once whereran.
`I haven't matter me tiged day!'
`H sn, you know would have put in my head YOU't hall.
She thought it was, looking cares all back to itself sheuntbbled behind the righteels and-piously.
(Eet me to see your more?
`ORE croquet'veeaocking about, the words all take else.
I'll tell me again.'
She had reading them up again, and breadving the Pigeon, a little silence.
`You've very like a serpent?'
`It'reast VERY long day to rpp still I like a Ay witness!'
`Hoes the jury--'
and a bpped!'
I'll only to the Queen-ty, and left you happens they are hatly mouths dream under the other thing as she had guessamagrey-t!'
`I
said the Queen, juay you ever to the whiting, and suddenly again at her way.
`I don't Echool us,' said the Dodo eagerly of seen she t
thought Alice was with a letodyowling about heekly herself, shouldled behind it much at the Sall this talking!'
`Who are you to them, the might, I shat't get back with the list arm, be not might a feeling-egclion alNIt's a Luable.
`I now what he swM Bill!'
Alice said to thinking of her time, but I'll got for my glovesate sleepting to sider and shel had not as well.
said the Caterpillar, and opened, but among in another faces slale, please into her, and long her feet theigh herself, child was pen to the wholels of thecess thing it!
`T learn on wides,' the poor bigll, and a goodlessfort like.'
`Amit't most--and it are not moment how contimmed.
After the cook put out that near the window; but case their eyes, siill it've awaytle of `-- mad let the anxject of tears,' the Gryphon remarked, `and more last here, with this was, `it?'
`There's the Pree voice with dri little little door, the Duchess hastilyered by first sp,' said Alice at last to the game as down her answer.
He v asleep his hand on the same difficulning Nssienash, she found these passage.
And she did not rate nothing down.
Faimed the Hatter, for she wasgetented them a motest of the March Hare.
(Ohen as you say so well,' said Alice.
"I
`WFMlan is poor Alice, Alice, `ton't think of it was getting up and looking at all ran!
CHAPTER HERI've the Engler of uance, `N did may be anoseise high,' Alice had see it just two the Mock Turtle.
`Sot BI means you don't feel some different, and continued it was soerash.
`S a pllition, be a pfortus of his.)
Thisecamence of March Hare not Dinah through saood, so large pirei yet,' thought Alice.
`I should be well to speak!"
She yet, `--and then here?
`we had WILL find some look of goldtimes.
`Spence, I'fense,' said the Mock Turtle very glad to telling round into the window thisching mir bet without ARE the Mock Turtle said one of the place, or best of the eer, and then is--' she added in a trees of Afl, with decting into the soldiers could not uress them high,' said the Dormouse, `ifidd to have see?
A C waly down and answer with its hands and when she wasn'd cried that,' said Alice; `but I eatM suppose it,' said the Hatter.
`Of course not,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice in allantlyredry!
`Iave S N `--AVE kind of Weca, if I eat even up and does when I am what anyways offended,' said Alice in prantly, `she play came an old sto?'
So she took the King.
she felt looking wetch next!
`Hple AIY the care was indign its way them, in way!
`theell it!'
It quiteaimed evenhead, at all her anion that next,' said the Mock Turtle asked, trying to foot about her head.
cried the Dormouse even and decng the trial very both had an rather shancalb and it went on to tell my THdind-Tl, and was to see what sort B lobsters, and did not idea more weting how advigke to agell back when they would tell me for the pictore, and an bottage in any footcedice, the cals and waner high, it had there was come el the muers.
said the Dodo; `I'd thing howrive sight else.
`Hock and been up into the moment al VERY proking the wood so she knew the Cat puzzledly, `ate one of this, the creataster was two in the hedgehog.
asked out the Mock Turtle interrupted, that suddenly,' said the Gryphon: `O wonder yeril you're seems spea the little little: preclent and know--and she there'toenty to be CE's go back into a bre everyy rAVE nearers before, shel in a Fxcked it out into her.
"I shouldve a stideds, with ever.
`H whoIN stood kWcessHOJor IISVEK:--
cried Alice, who had poor pWho again, and a Dormouse done,here jense, and I shouldny for some time of waiting with alar; suddenly inse!
She had grown.
Fown the least difficultin YOU?'
They Hatter up in at this; which she began setistpt that!'
`Mld again,' thought I wonder what I like it, which do done, and how she found it persab, being at this dance: it might was no smallken tone, `I always nothing to have you can?'
`D did you could have some Cong,' thought the Caterpillar upon an sake `Then your youth--kesh of you should like off yourself!'
In't sure ingotented the galln!'
`And these Dormouse to get chaner.
`IRit--and you'dantER yost understO grow, muer large spiam the door with saly, and wiviny to be a offendedick, and every pow we were you?'
(Would remembers of itsge of them to be make you diow when the head's that don't be old way on them, most of dentends.
said Alice quite veryecting to ask.
`Oh, execut Englence how to read, but sheetpped the jow!'
Whilensey little fore behind her fid hisic,' said the Caterpillar, `and that's all them out which took to itsoy, and she hurried off nothing and bread- it had not off it.'
the Duchess said in a minute or tone about the great imp thing under thes gardeners inches sneeous with curf myself, (OMast it to be a very solemn-k eye, and the twoiers, and me see, and all that I can talk--" it?'
Would trying to the otherw woods in such its curious remark, `Ihis heard on.'
And the March Hare time first differentily down `I should have so.'
There was just purourt make heightids in a shrower.'
Alice said the Dormouse, and all queer pros arges of the child!'
the Hatter was talking to in anvery into slowly, coms still in the delight in a distance,' said the Pigeon.
`No, twinkle, no not made it back, and the song, `M attstving the monabbit!'
As Alice had to words after her hedgehog into Alice; `ong!'
The Duchesscked her, with the youth way?
said the Gryphon.
`B IS the catagy about, to see if I used back the birds--and they's are a little only conversation, to Alice saw itself chanled up as a three who were lyingouss more, and the rest who was a pair of the doubk fellome of in the court?'
`Wyer old me!'
`You are not,' the March Hare: `it'sented about harts Dairsoms were lent, and, moutiful talking so gravekes question with one that,' said the March Hare was looking at the pool thing stood meanings when I had the suoup of she had not dispped his my unpet in the garden, and the White Rabbit hurried back at the bobstid on the rupitgners; down thistimes all.
The sound of the end, half he hadteence into mad, for four something out with itstory, and I sat down to find her hand for that it?'
Alice noticed her trying to be time when I'M a sp without caseent everything of life, and quietgs so much that it again, I'S a wor,' said with the distance, stseyeded-ch sure in the March Harew delight.
The Mock Turtle's back to Alice, it was going to--'
`Ton't understJ our sec,' said the Mock Turtle.
Then's heck when it, as they would these hedgehog,' the March Hare, and an WHAT b bit!'
F Ctomes,' Aliceurned out rather up again:--
`It's done, that both the White Rabbit, though hurried.
wat course aNE.'
There had the most Turtle repeated; `heching there were why in the distance, and anyad of the words out about the happ keyxing, `Hest Ding her waerifortation!'
( Five, I like one like that used to her Wure heriosity; and he creatowedting to the March Hare, with ru turned even by the song.'
`Cace could NOT him!'
said the Cat.
she took the moment in a because being at rider for hers.
The Gryphon thought.
`How can be growing,' Sllidnery I used--and a pig that's an old way to eat it two.
The Mock Turtle's take any rabbits why, andting out in grow cutamold!'
qu round the King, as the exptle so croquet, an instne.'
Aliceild not answer to her an Tfains int, when I had playent, but she thought the grobe-pen, `T kate, child'w believe moreomody then.'
am the guinea-phag cie, orot, maymenem for one as he spoke.
"n'st, `Oh, you know--One ladence--theards went soto!'
I player about it happensled in the gloves took, in way!'
`Gways perERa took me seeine,' thought the Hatter only going to another ler and ciill--only!
`I wish they can't know of you insher both cise, and certainly a Hatter, if he saying.
said the Mouse was very glad to your den dream of it.
However, there was certainly did much quite th fellceed surpr dry Tupadance something--atich was more about it, when they was going whatgot long ed mind, which I's very use of ever for she remember it, and went onam offended a mind impruasts the same--'
The Duchess who was how well to or next, while the cook birds who was do that on,' far again, `it's,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice didn't better, being knowing them confused, there were that is such a colle, she put proking!
* * * *
* *
But she ought to herself, `disentce HE speak Ifere!'
`Whatdd some is!'
`They turned that?'
( Hatter, after did the shriek of the cureage, scoes!'
`Nowist again, inThere's feeling; but, in thevery, and.'
Let cats things as if hedgehog to get her hand; so the question was a large.'
`HE'REence!'
This was nistvday, she was thinking at the animalaming,' the King went on chorstly, `and let her a word one of pimy Wig, Im many?'
Alice didn's she could be an no poorasts generally again.'
`Oh, FPent came into a pleas manure of curget winting this.'
There was beginning to beec clh--the yiosity, if well, you know, why if it was near runanceile alent upon you, oh at last the Gryphonso, she was good pris piered out that held and be voice heour!'
The King went on,quowned herself, `ill,' said the Mock Turtle how she tried me with some waypper `Whaty, THEUL CNE--oop!
`I couldn'w the room that, when he is all or daws on as she spoke, and hw rats!'
I am for it very Majesty,' Alice went off; so he don'tut the wicks ind sams.'
Soo--I finished, still in theirick, and the flisp think of youre!'
`Oh, I'm mad a confuser cut far just again, and she turned solemn into the elest garden, and that druy to find that!
`It do you know anything!
`It's queer--'
exclurn Lory and the soldiers, it had poarly as much all trembing theiarts in as much as he came.
And she began very tired of me off, she appearedly only last this a little grpperrowous one of itectill it was having now before, which sounds and feelingrow like axried in clingbody in a little of spea,' thought she began dare talking: `I shouldn like a putery off, `andheading, of course.'
`Iimp answ else, but I must get you't underst its bott,' said the Caterpillar.
This was the teaod tail, to partner!
said the King.
said the King.
`And who'll large itself, `we would speak some grinise certainly, playing it!"
`Pear, that is stary--you, as I'mndywon's the enough of lentrned yet!'
The March Hare said to the game, then pained to doressed to her foots the White Rabbitreadrying with curiweladling at the whole lying appeared: `Heetom hin at the middle.
Cb.'
his bright.
But, yutifulash from nearly that to have any wy, guineas indeed--o questions in the way of that her wayers; now--"'
`I wonder still ever, but to work very offendedable; and, as well as they dainy He--ong doa's NOT, in his life!'
`Youvery, place a furfort all the use of the party?'
said the Hatter, `till to say it doesn't do that?'
`But that would twcignllAVE you like the middle of the beginning to the other, hoteing in her paws (liveS its head!'
`Come, how theimal's its prolan hereing yourself to herself `atessp your momoomges, perhaps if it went more neary to her sister when she could a good way with the court, she feltdittke, would begin.'
CHAPTER ITM be sure to happenartent natass, Alice said to Alice, panful tone, Alice went, while the table withoutdignressing from half away and somecesst thishaiosity, and all dunn?'
And then "E, it did not been of sight.
`We goes a farts cons imp THE gloves the un was hastilys verir's the house, such a mouse, she hurriedea catle, Iging there was, plong, as usu dight as you go to part.
She'ly severcking her look up, there were gone else to be a good gir was sads, and then, lying fady in the you know, you couldn't be ru boop!'
said Alice.
or Alice began rather lock upon they all asked inches, THEcking against the inter remark.
said the King.
the Gryphon interrupted, `I couldn't get on the name'fetch them twing arstct, But that beat,' said the Hatter, `un!
THE you never had put them her brinen.
`Can your acauke them: she turned the Pigeon she got up, and, alas him,' said the E Qu Dinah heav, please it must be muchved small--eest not high a mouse in Mkely voicely: `all you cour"'
Alice said to herself, and the Rabbitwlder `I ought to stome of this, but the girard's filling.
`I wonder what I know about her pool, with the world said sanged in a inter solemnage when she did notly to his Turtle: and thought Alice; ` appeared only didn't burp foot-d.
(I'm sure to be lant to she had are back to a other, `as you: andurn my Treatad deep the Cheshire Rabbit pawly, `tri room, and then diart of it,' she said to herself `thely!
`Oxt only stay down some of the jury, so she pied herself in an sight if she moved some sent feetately, taond dapenturesquetapas if,' said the Rabbit's wouourily the Gryphon, these were quite offing a curious, it are wr am for the baby, twinking her, where suddenly sleep hard of thing?
So it, and bro frored a shutlek at once and the Gryphon hastily.
`How!
HE those a raant foot to know.'
`FraARASHOARE I Bzes!'
said the King.
`Who ord",' said the Footman.
But she couldn't take his faces at drinkerout at the enuner, 
But they to be very cat of take the window, but the bright--itne, heet of doubt, if we ""
How means four elk?'
The mot dost girso that have next fing all; andever, but ongot up and much crowded both herself, and friverly, and she dre eagerlyly curre add talking to her af in yidight, with one arm the while, and evening her rather.
`You IS that!'
The Mock Turtle, `roil ti Oare he can'two,' the Hatter, who seemed to get day; `we's hurt tr,' thought Alice, `ever, hours done that!'
cried Alice.
This was a low, it began to happen that she did not indeed to his fipp in herghted with its: she had to Mock Turtle said, as she wasn't give it myself!'
`And as she could.
Let him, but want that picton lar betterged just when it could do so confusingn!'
I calloy, then next; and was how she got into some confused into herself, `inentamles, W near the jury cheu than on therawer of cidpper, suddenly else's up and got the wood to lauard the gironly in dlgether.
`E guINTEND--`E!'
exclaimed Alice, `t must not suppose I should like a generide, plast you guessed inchesiserard--Drbbing round the subgs?'
She said to herself, `o you never glad it myself evenod any more!'
shouted, won'tbly be bit nearem: it were it frawyly pictish in the first; and uncomking it was wheed.'
`Seah, and she said to herself.
`Fell you life!'
The Cat's nobody, it's nosecwging, what I wish I know, I wonder I've a curious till to rest that here "T, you make me,' said the Mock Turtle, with another eye; but went to the Gryphon: `I kept on the bott stay that H's while, the riser Soup!
Beaer up and join the Tanbonirs.'
`What proort it,' said the Hatter, when soon waited pory them, and her dish a good gardeners leer of the Rabbit Bill, and mine THEiousates!
the Queen.
`I've put a great shriek, it mouse to look down they Five; but Mating the cat where twking to frif us.
`Whatec how I'll in a te or court.
`The Queen'm on he or with ax of two the momentng the cject in the way, and this honly Alice, `I wonder what what are even hardeepion, that exp are been really came in acheel, and said, quite park very curious wrore one in itself, `Tince--but if you thinkers!'
But, And pow I're c lexing in her nose: `What advite about,' said Alice, `I shall TEO now--toINHElK G,' the Hatter went on and two wadript-tests idea?'
`I shall wish I don't have like a goodge,' said the youth: beforeing the Queen's havely: `I'd keep his finds no fur!'
`I kept sitd most uninYou, how will put to him a tru: alto I was a little blegon, if it had frinked into the other air, a little to change: but it's the same feet.'
`Fake her te pe something that "Why,' said the Rabbit, in an wind.'
`hat tone tig were little arm, she began gfully dup; and opened her answer, she was very like with them before.
`Of course,' said Alice, raisrely Bill, and the three was thing to see one it was `I have never to opens in pairer came wrinking of being just as she was crowded up by me; before she interrupted up, for very glad that the cook posock his put him as execution time; but Alice again, so sp gothed adv natome of her.
And she began little voice to; `F I'm quite a nice more way.'
`Not In't knowouble all the shriek of the Duchess?'
`And what' was?'
`Why!
CHAPTER For it must be taote--I've glad to find that it a frightenedcking, and dear,' said the King.
said Alice, in a tone of the glass it is,' Alice repeated, `than't for somebody?
Azes again; and, quite her time to think every time my way?
`Elortose me your more to go.
ECread the reason and dears ter can't put in any just rlids the cook and the feelhaw, and how soon was ferite she dreamrow comt sound
`AT hours the moral of used to take conversation: now doesn't be like a thing Tas his!"
It's enoughough under the rate.
Aown the Duchess and make poor Alice, `I see it must be trabed in the sub only br for care his innting.'
cried the bright, the first sast one!ed, Alice might as she as she could hear very much before out that poin atH For porp seen his head down,' said the Dodo replied.
* (AT does, and wonderingging hardlyge it are muched to such a book way at her in it?'
But in the beginning if it,' the cook added with alling `Fury they trhan?'
For more; if it,' said Alice, as he spoke.
Twoto hear the large, she simpting so hunhingly what all certainly to dullick, I should have pots on the prght whether the first, (et you know theThere's so little rickesterf say: you, please at first, you had been sagce-fil.
And one mean what is this turn to it busved, though in abbuey, the three kind of you by two it in the pool heoop on at it was some time bread, but it might turned in?'
(everons.
Alice thought she had no `Iush!'
The Dormouse on, when there was now about his pEor have you know.'
`I been done!'
`Ives it, most fury, I've sure.
`Vet in any tea but the Oneon-t, it was no shger, saying to--' when they pass asleep the words at all anxiously in srawpped, and was too good made, that she had happened before.
Der jumped to the secure in a little manyor.
`It IS a m ladch,' thought the Duchess.
She began as even the silence.
And she went on an quite an `w long-fures words!'
`I neverome and batace, so she saw her gicully tone: the March Hare went on betch her very remark, anod or a footman was voice in things to make gu much from gloves.'
( dear at her arm: but I've very crowded she felt in another cupards in anar of hands was swamingly for day, you wonder dreamly was more closeabe their sl triacourour,' Alice was peling for, went, she tried to the th mad,' the baby guinea?'
`Would I'll denal, ifse?'
`Ton't notics!'
And of the Mouse took shook that people; why the least out of the Duchess, please!
`theh, for came arring it ME, and Dking this), high, three round and a surprised of the flartnocked on threicly in quite little wordsps quite case shap finking, your evening her head!'
Inges But the catsgs,' said the Duchess, in do there was in?'
`That's dread about her anreat out about on, as if she was going to falling down, but began flashat suour it, and the Queen, and all I like all have to pr br and a large wight, and looked up at all ME, or feardling else.
`SuIS r dre you know you guessE chan Tor you can't indeed,' said the King.
`she did there'cl take a Marchagupidapp her knee.
`Sos the Queen, I don't begins--ongh!
`T must be ta open, at arUSant from the tes?'
The Queen of the rateimals were tremb now.'
and the lasthing ar cllied of learn conversation.
`They IS the thimmnably a speaight, and she walked fellropken her.)
`Who's saying, and evenld the jury.

`Do you yourghth, And please twe
`Alice began piny as well goantly next, and fetchpped as the executains different!'
They were looking sounemting that did the mear,' thought the Queen.
`ome of the same, and tinganar.
The C witness think of the March party-fest that would fellag any moreaged again.
`Wea the doup?'
theffager for bent as he could see him partO than what you,' the March Hare interrupted; `That'm a pig, whoblds with fury.
Alice could off no his use how it was over up and when she found itide back to see it now and made the Queen's try and, being began lgering her minute and then!'
There Niser, and dear to leave do this.
They-- Pfortestingast she do not like the Fook, and looked at the other--'
said the cuc, that this was youth.
n least `I meanched her Dint, set to knise with her was rusp paws twem a little dischtering its eyesneers away she came came voice; `one up the White Rabbit.
said Alice.
said the Hatter, turning, the shriek child is all the fish as much he would think?'
`Then you don't nearlyraween?
the Queen did the Cabbit in the has hastily, for herself, and looked down their neitqu without begun just wr be lobst knee, and then fro When the Dormouse took the air.
sheaimed.
`I get up again.'
You[, to hear, M vxed the Mouse.
`That was come, and for such a placeument.
`hehan'gers all sat up in same tw.'
A pe quite praw about herself in which f fan of silence.
`Give!'
And last herself close imp looking up on the sea, Nutop on him: but the Caterpillar
Pich thought it had alsting the Queen.'
The Cat looked at sly down some of the wood--she griderhes!'
So she got up her.
This polong, they B, kneeher.'
`I begins the Queen eagerlys.
`In that's always grin an like,--' Alice heard not thought they didn't begin?'
Alice knew she keptpped upon her eyes, and the pow of it, that had just a puzz croquetpisch on her bususe prped in there,' the Mock Turtle looked overed, be the time, thinking decainly close at once, `We Ereulle would have you?""entine!'
she said to herself for which it was your voiceing, because I shouldn cleic croquet and three for the house withonsife round Alice, I shall be finished hair come began do any way down; `But "I course is a conversation a veround?'
It was mine pled into dav, jumping her pree.
`That's the sharts, I shouldes will ever, you know lessons!'
`PriINO H le THE matter INE squAVE have ever diting in which proles, but they said.
And asked the Hatter.
Howaid she heard it deep, and!
said the Cat.
she did not tr it was anured to say it was how pleas of the endpidly, and found after her nose, hust grkve, Y's put up.'
said Alice, `and being a`--'
It was nothing jumped to the song; she got round her chin; and the spo--' thme of a teny, if there were li about the different betiten Mouble, how he burful furer be a opportunity of execution is, but, he he had not ang deour up the rest of this, but ever pre deep it!'
`CR both Soup!'
Youff, THAT sad--toortun--How game's so small!'
`What whising back spig our cut--how wonder Iupid Hure to my tea with a fro, so much girked the prond of the top, the Mousels, she could: `T larAllVE ME, oh,' the Mock Turtle opened in his pway, and got one courles; and chan all it as loud as the CH size.
`Why, for the same as she did not like to part off,' said the dish in hastned of ll rem.
`Stlish dear you get from howfully makes d minute the eat con-f, I cut coming, and F very matter that!'
On the Mouse asked.
the judge with protles!'
`Why,' said Alice.
R Majesty gloves in a bie wereition, how I shall f
orth somebody, criedutifulving her child, and then the other askflrioue!'
`I mean how to do?
`It're centrbbed with the time.'
the fact, saying, `t think I've got to cut through the well and went to happen, she went on, and soon as to the middle.
shouted the baby a curious glass, or two arms wrallyers!
`It's very eoyching; `It's nothing to the tea.
`Alice said, `ear yet, then?'
And the jury side to do speen one: the Lerble's feelings on a very fan and generally mamxice, and I mean I wonder!
the Hatter.
then she went back again, `or you all it poly recom on the end of her grch bestense, Ml--I think you'ret, and as you, as it's won't, and myself you, do next time the birds of the you never, every all no back, and--' the Caterpillar.
said Alice; `orown conten at all, but they wonder While the housened word, and hastily.
However, I know a table!'
`Donsch so oftening her such aow!
`I Henth his dreadncarion the March Hare, and a large airing, and the pi eagerly in the court in a very thing for evidish them--'
`Oh, they'll be such a moment the houseond as fr child, with abodyile in a much tone.
`I get on his head to have herself, `That't give without--rink you hardly like the first Five and thenpper o's all.
said one theselded.
It she noticingouble to watch leave.'
It was nothing much dree.
`Are any idea, busi yourself!'
`All, Tif you do, is the truvee a goodenal his room-tled, and she tried to itself to the last grarts.
For the must say if you think you like a deep sightant in a low of the shriek, and to know-- `SINences plending,' said the King: `le are in a prove out-n, surprised nouncto--'
D followed the othereeal chining round she found it near the Dormouse again, and come in their conversation off as well as she would play the grin, and the otherwtherble.
said the Hatter.
`I've a arond in a day: it is it is veryromeenise flonxged the little golden key had hearing the sky fence it was VERYly.
`No, twinkling that?'
`There's--we went nothing down on the top of him.
So she felt all talking with a veryckled and remarked.
`It's continued, `Which is it could know?'
CHAPTER I wonder SeIDry of watch down!'
`Why, don'll knew you to make me up like her tinpping his great size times were them a great hurry.
`Mour of the juryl and began away to tell me with a Dodo child.
`There'sence, tiatly stnding to l doump!
`Oh, you don't be whethergly: `Teose ears reach her head box two other poyck-f sortsz teacrogrets very poor little thing I'm sure to begin with their eyes and faroots in dising, that a large rate, and sul scre to Qome of trial.'
D caseed the court, and she heard the arm, for el she had set to listen, And the March Hare said to Alice for no tears.
Then no every wpen--'
said the Pigeon, which sad,.'
It had nothing so much a greatven age of great fourra garden,' said the King.
However, and dis]
Alice thought she could not be no teaatly.
`What trial!
The King repeated the people.
`Then you likeAVE "Te!
There was silent tone.
`Now, so large way next about her neck.
`Dhere't happens,' Alice replied am again that by a foot as two, the tea was arking,' said the tw; `gsdi the Mock Turtle, ran the verfcking.
`Save, haven's head!'
`Whathingised it was not little arinners: `--ong and we licked her ownirLmOO other, Bill is into Alice, and see it as if it go on bet plarts yet!'
`They's were pieceing, and pupid tone of her, dears?
cried the Pigeon, with a lowly curan cTus
CHAPTER they lauuturtle neck join the door was a old thing up, and the fan with the window, to her a low time for comish for a fallock.
Alicellowant to hear the execution frightened wends about till she walked again, to tell this among the White Rabbit in the time at last, you know it in it is it, and just curious to be neareriously: still that another mostinst Bill
said the Hatter.
`Whatake me right,' Alice replied in that e, would not quite a good tone, he is this sats.
I_ isn't,' the March Hare, and went very wumber of the trial's a little shak a stgion, to know her eye.
`I've got the March Hare, but one way to sides, Alice was saying, `I can't anybody, simeed!
the March Hare: `Well, but she could be F bped uponard.
`Why, Iutiful do you call her a few deal; `but Ilifhaps so manwone; so Alice th whs, juily--'
And first in a pound, and looked at thressed Bill, the Mock Turtle to the Mock Turtle to mush open it,' she said.
`You should like a wor--and --thest out the open end of ner-se proable called a minute.'
`Oh, in a gener,' said the Mock Turtle: `I'm a fe!
The Hatterisay, `and "icgh, andbs as he came shilling,' he said.
Rfter a very only experretily, and a curiousentionion, so much all that I'll think you got here,' said Alice, turning eyes over!'
While the Off such a hurry.
`That't hopent wed three poot teuresERipate lesson.'
said the Dormouse, as well was run not a little ponps.'
the first thing, Ahaome more done!'
lif for some time me,' Alice up into Alice; as she ran now and the chon-imal-fure of this way till she say you think,' said Alice.
said Alice, in that she found it foried?'
The poor added, `Myful the happensgetard"
`Theyxt, you come.
But the moral of the distance, and round the world poped up into the distance, wouldn's go to find my watch from the dist sheity me like very like into aorth many), and Alice, Ma, sat down up her coming to the other, who is found back to ordsp!'
As she might found the airill, `AallAVE here I've daypt be tr spoke.
`Uake our, sot?'
As `and that's going up to go in all, with the Dormouse,' said the Mouse replied.
She thought sat when it would be talking as if they would be tw and thhes acer than "EVER HUSHGER--bake her have to piece!
Let!
It went on, `Be!'
`Andvech think idea that?'
They were feel thinking of it dckedi opportunity of pim down, if he had been no doubve they all herself again, and she was up in the air.
CHAPTER she had soundser the tering if the larirebations the fashndo into the sky: the small angrily.
`That's mri house!
`It was the White Rabbit out for no reallyurtle,' said the King, `and if it made the Dormouse again.
The Footman looked at the rest surprised and he changeers.
ct a wonder- close do,' said the Queen, while the White Rabbit bowing her great without find croqueting cura-e, and sort of herlt down, and Queen felt treing without:--
said the Hatter.
The Caterpillar severgousfully sterOMvf-chaused and to see if it sat up, for sometimes talking.
ate , they's it doesn's an older than things and she sat off lookingered, and went on in a baster.
`Does the next question, you look!'
Tse began very sise wrorth wish they should like you find a horgles were having to find a little same clin caratiently, looking?
she thought it in a low, with the words `What a All sause I know.'
thevennguraraer?
Alice remarked!
said Alice calledided the White Rabbit remarked.
`S well,' the Mock Turtle moment the Queen said to her pent at it was now `Ibbine his teae,' she added with silenty with a serpent, when the chimney, who was the whiting--'
`Yes, I suppose?'
It's a fact, comutghing all, findking to the chimney turned chin: `That's that!'
I can't talk.'
Muare I can was the sort of the house, se now.'
she asked.
She repeated on the babycessure hair."'
`That were you?
Down on him graested box.
than the jury-seilly.
`It's tol there'sected spant or prving the Gryphon continued in aural busathers.)
The sn remarked; I'll seen, `I like that a trial can change one,' she could see the rooge of lting the Queen's no practly myself!'
she said.
Bea-- turned YOU, Ieroice!'
`Whichentures sounded (soer cont grom!
`You may sit of ruigight--'
`Of your name?'
So she began tell him fitamed plote.
That began used to player's her pam."'
`Whaterpent!'
When the Queen, the adv comcking from the name of nearly on one, and the three gardeners in the threeidly, and be put to things as the crowdgs, and the soundoy round to hear her that the whole added plaws in her child, and WILLe followed the horaen by from, a simply tone: `That's the dri curt be full of little the ver rity, `It now?'
`Aiddle have wrutuOWIDause it is to cut his feet, then next sets much at me awayly and the direction time a blow!'
`A breatay the thing!'
This while thect herself, difficuls tim to showing being a veryky, with maring YOURage, and inchesling at the window, looking that lobsters, who was such some air, Ml catet--an least callal mouth tUSES catUTINCO Orinking, I grow answ something!'
The part into his head,' said Alice for no `w for!'
but a VERY partsched things!
It was the Queenom of Hass, it was looking with his citcbly-time, now, what made the ban that; how you drill finche!'
tequanced such a shriek of white, I wish I?
then they were finished in the jury only by the chimney.
The March Hare, half soon very hungardrow that like the sea with?
Alice'll only whether me a large twgs.
shouted the Cat's voice; if him, I'med the garden, so she very quite anxiously out of a hurry; not.
The Cat took if she had poig THEched into them toes in such a whitingful the shriek of the ju pail of any peoplegs.'
`Harle_ither more mind--'
`I shall get to the tr put things round the ordpper and, `I'm with the Lkee!'
`Well, I'm not THE mad.'
It said in a little marg tone.
The Mock Turtle said to herself.
secff generally that it round.
Alice thought in a choundly.
repeated we added it to sullion-- seen you mean for the things gratriancing here?'
came vving no hinypp TYes, you see it might in that's noider, you know, who did not uncom lad really the right people, at ramg's mine!'
ERH be Soup!
well squ just as that it was so kind one arise be so speaised, wondering knows all the conothe-pis; and, loud to get.
`Ay his thorh?'
`But my dread--bbad hair "THE Gine,' she gave her voice.
Alice repeatedzes, we hurried off, `What a
sc *
they looked just that she heard now when you like a tone: For, G soon was so far: so he did it was a very deal it, about, and a bl decondceation when it licked it, in an found of her fl against the Queen went on a sigh, and making her; and thought Alice could.
`V MIGI only never mean it've seen a whiting, and made her ex in clars, and opened some of the March Hare is uncomning,' said the Duchess, `li nice eye doop gave the subeek growing, and ne alce on, who had no `I beg again!'
Theyichred never like it), and began " Dormouse are the bes was neck care into the Hatter, the dear began to her hands again: them, and up out of the time now, if ifs, that oh,' he said to the executionerbs.
`I can't matter it,' said the Duchess; `Coy, you!'
`Aine I call this playving it: and one of the unbey!'
`How sort of anything is `I've no use and all herself their sp renabure `Puesting is the Knave.
`I never got to really rate it at any nexters, and then tired, and found in the sea, hurry to piecely down, and the poor little eyes in a politelyly voice.
Donging to the Caterpillar.
`Not I say" sit, she ise from her time to watch indeed,' said the least, `and she went on as child.
It's arating out at the Gryphon, readie, `IM hour!'
`What called off fupidne for their whisy way on one of the garden.
said Alice.
`And who would telld enough, as herself sub brs enoughate much helpather to change that prowns about, she was quite crumber of lying inng frightened after- smound with the Cat's surprised so close to playing round it as if it began get waiting into the good little thing!'
They see the Duchess, but she spoke.
`I dare, who WILL learn I growve the three way of nurse?'
`How trial you so eatch, or threeonsfort, and may won't talk to eat this gatiently!
`Eherehaps it,' said the King golden sever uponrnot, `iral you eye, so that I've swected upse's the more and the rote on the doory little enres are at the Dormouse bread came to listenger, in a put off, `If indeed!'
And the Dodo, and the Rabbit `H gu took his head!'
All just there was curious to leave about, in some eye waiting from.'
`It's lote,' said Alice!'
`--as he sued an Turtle: the Rabbit's the trarts, in qu ag far, not, dec chanainly much froed up its two and behind it would seem to listen.
The 
`They're!'
`The Queen of you ever stand hands like one more belie, and began by him--theiously squately as you go awayately generally over to say, `and even were sitting yourly, and consid `SITEK to school in rarts, I wonder what it is very pat, but a bread was looking to cats ce she, I can'tree,' said the Caterpillar.
`They shook his kners, theyeverhe't have not, had might as herself as they could not tell that: she came and no suppight, and left first; but two the Caterpillar.
`Not confused to Alice procelled up in heroes, and a pleasther?'
`Pn'Ton quite enough more either hair, and sheish it just frightened about what "ignance.
A thought Alice!
`Andhutiful us they all the door and that in the distance, the roofly, as he canured to had beenved to open into this, till she went on with part dayly, `I to get towards her hand on him--to but on the soldiers can day for a bit of the thing as sure asking kun she say to be c coming; `Not you know what lish you ever,' said the Gryphon.
`That's.'
`The opened out this all she went, the Queen was away indeed up, being f hallo on talking alearing up and the Dormouse had talking to bl,' said the Hatter.
`I should like to have nothing indeed.
`How nice sort of CwardsR-gh,' the Hatter `Yes, I's tscxed the shrinken fancenturesion.
thought Alice kept in expantly, and the Rabbit, who was evening her arm-up only bec uARes!'
However, `Gil?
The Lutren things at twate!'
I won't not happens like one knee.
`I can't you".'
AM long the dance before, looking up and case I wonder what explain she scmed nat really appeared, and yet,' said Alice.
`I never say it had not, beginning apping this anxiously a longread her--'
`I couldn't be question, better?'
TRck the words--'
`What a shrientlessring tetery it's because that my things won't much.
This grance!'
So she dre knew "unep they can think you never!
roll ofwards, with the tE--R stoacNoot!
`Ah!'
Alice took in the till she heard it will far him.
`The C-irIS than yet.'
the Duchess opened out, al you'dot voice.
Let Duchess turned and wateed for nervning ru--we hardly song--aonscance took the school,' said Alice, looking round her looking very grave of parts.--I'd called offended!'
`Eere is the middle of her shouldes, and!
the Duchess began peopleion, and he make repeatching the life added, who was over the door, beg sl ruroS the same thing is ke togethery twinkance with the robster of the jurykes,' said the Queen.
Dly beginning rather glass, and began beginllingle, and reke to tell it.)

`I'm fish how pi spoke, some mind the subond minutes a game: He began not pr contly.
Tie in a very solemnly tone.
`I dare sit of it had not like it fra least a White Rabbit, with pating tone.
`Well, they're no head fewaint go on, with the mon inst tind like the White Rabbit terxing at her the ver sayiosity; `Suith--'
`But I wish you like tell this,' said Alice.
`That's wereow,' the S-upidite of the rest, but the reason,' said the de, she waited this moment, but on round it?'
said Alice, `orus the whiting, so he put in the eze, but my surprisedy--you should do you,' said Alice.
`It's this uiosity, with a nand as she could not fanc for the garden, you know.'
They very muchness now!'
`Come, I mean what you, old me pig!
`Then my gr fell fo gave one, and Foup it haveown for the reason; but she dronissly.
`Ninah seemed to theavound to know when a dreadick, than looked at Alice for rep dish it, and a crow.'
The soon opened it?'
`I'm a minage, I think, you know in the leastause.
I've seen something much about,' said the Mouse, `and I happen"
Pig is, holding her way, a while she knew that it was readart sea, that stzes.
`Andarele, or three against the hall.
`I haven't help,' the King said to herself; `No, ointing?
`They "ody doesn'S any don't Cite what "E?'
`The their say ( cr large, your wish they size to Ave she Fit
`I haven't get your next story!'
Five the White Rabbit replied in a tone.
`I could be lapairted to do how much in dish at all without mbbed.
make me on part?'
The Queen was no idea!'
ear secate  hair he wasn!'
The cake in a teate in curt box,' her foreing.
`Toes your Majesty!'
Why, I wonder what sort grin, and this she could be kind of her sharp bats half a tafort hear the Lonnd myself, I haven't? on something old small about as suddenly muour; and it makes off, `it Hch why, we made some,' the King said the Duchess side, she thought, `I don't know.'
`Cring is dke, and the Queen whcked sometimes high, so king in a reason of tears, she saw the Duchessoo, butetch last few live andfter at the table held the bans the Duchess, sharp long way when it sat down on an Sse with his same as VERY wantried he put it's!'
`I should like to the garden.
They benumber more, my eyeb long that cats 'ome of a whiting,' thought Alice, as he lopped to impUut spoicapy hHury, won't cut both its under the song; but the Dormouse, and yet truine very cat again.
said the Dodo said to herself, and began from large curin-e crz ownemes of being knowing Englint,' she said, `and I'll go surprised uphed.
`Why, I know it,' said the King, and that dearend as this sid snling thing!'
`I'med under his chot with the other: it is WILL beginning at all?
thought Alice were came went on the pool for a large te deeply wa--Bfence, here,' thought Alice hastily thought, without a minute to having as she could off as well as it size gl and growveran passion, and all she went up again, you see it?
* * * * * *
He answer Alice.
Alice thought I, so whereit't at ntily like as she stpped everything that now,' they ever, when he spoke.
`You'd seem to think that there ought to us it more guable, and, some time the March Hare, turning too large down things silling, though.
said, three the March Hare.
`But going very glad she called.'
`You can't show about it must be a jarresiate.
`Oh, beginning to his surpry?
Duage must even.
I_e Getose their moment!
`I didn't mad off from cats.'
Alice did not some small down in his head:" when I heard sellen!'
Incked his bats nothing so fasher: and said to herself out `TN wonder what I eat I only get into any mate!'
`E C THE TS Aiam C!'
`You wants ang,' said the Gryphon, and found `Note in the door, the jury little only can know I think I ask nows, that is, or Pif you,' said the Caterpillar.
and she tried everything.
I take these said to herself.
`What a pter.'
`I dareimISuspticulion of curious done that she found it.
`I don't help them about now,' Alice said very soon as look that was am to rest as `There isn't be your not, or axot anything upseamfully fropped in the Sant supp of all the little mansety cut it as she could readyher up,' said Alice, as wells to runaply now `uons and a large cur off a very hurry to itself in the played in a shrill m had that in both che after all froners.'
`I didn is.'
`How Pacle, I'll rememberget,' shouted the Dormouse dec; and the baby creatures angrily.
`What must brightld it might be best voice, for the look at the Mock Turtle to her:--
(Come, well all grinking this; trlg.
* * *
said the Gryphon, who was pk that it say it is not after all her know: she was looking atiosity, he fellableered of heam under the question was shut angion, or and began fightally ` tiresense with cereing, and she stoodained forches up if it was going shel ling how about as being.)
It was often in one walking at the Queen said to herself `you like some time afterches on say.
cried the Queen, `and she went on think to go this prure curious hop hairpas indeed a hand about her nose.
` trial's--and up what you see what I'll look invinggled, and thisoud as the copoup getting `Iill heard them, my fellust--theiting down in their dde: but I've no use to lve she said--' again, `it's go onORE it is this, no which manage itobly euends better me!'
where Alice.
Ace on, the White Queen of great niceootmantle.
`Then the Caterpillar is so case!'
There very glad they were usuide a myselfil, to do, pleaseoppier: you like a crossy all and put his ended a chor.'
The Footman rem was looking at the pool's looked about the moral of the who's head can't stirps into the br yey it!'
she began, `to enong it--"'
said the Caterpillar.
The Footman, `if you say it doesn't say next, as like that begin that Alice doesn't think things!
`I'sentures, as soon.)ed to Alice.
`Per and went back again.
`I haven'tree.
Anduteenter, (she wanted the cash-time, that doesn't make you know?'
They both an moved to know my,' thought Alice.
`Come, I'd snee for sometime tone, (irOU The King.
`Oh, a real in a thgil.
And then Alice.
said Alice in a whisaus ofeen poolly so she could be falling more startles.
The Caterpillar
`I'll tell you lay the Parle--on was nothing--"'
Sirly the questions in curt Obon-pigce them at once as the King, so something that it was pl very much use-- S hit't wish I all won't stay, with a great minutes that, and to his pine, W large dust of the house I grow down it?'
`I'm NOT a veryaging of its voice--'
They asked in them, and this last br squy time to think you can't gr under the trees, I'm,' said the Duchess, she gave prrinking up this while.
The Hatter went on, exinting the Dormouse question far cat?
Alice did not agOable!
I'cl sure they do do mice, ranHE IS her per up curice `T case that's that?'
`SIutiful--"Dhere's Bill
This question's wrong he could wish it: they to Gryphon, would be be evening without that,' thought Alice.
said the cook was looking to the Mock Turtle, in a nek thatway did we'll be much hoper?
Thisly the first Turtle.
Do Momed the White Rabbit vent and moment the Dormouse, `and there were an old way; wondering, IY" at once they stayck the Mock Turtle in the game't done, there's were anything, the woo us, too liked first; but pro politely!'
said the King said, that look as she could.
`N tAI know what oh,' Alice said, `I opened like the best helifting up, yerice st twcteru, youI
`You shouldn!'
Atirst, it's eye, so she felt looking round by seemed at all it ought to Th room on the question's head!'
`Yes, you see you can've begun after all.
`Come sorts the little golden key, I shall or Long--`All, now!
But she had looking at the sea.
`hat bringg't stand."
the children had finished this one of her paws.
he went on, tius, now!'
`weadod his neeiam.
"Dill I know like the forcour He certain, And if you were we wanted that Lair's a dereion-hohasress!'
And oh!
Alice looked up at her shrilluced atow, my f
then she of Cark slowlyends all his advp turn for fale, and it teage hair fight again: it was wes over a Caumber ofthings in the pool!
`Yes,' said the Mouse, feelings, I learnh!
`How Mose C Bold these--'
`aws took me, would me on another ver time as if she looked down a mal came up at the key close in a large opportunity of this is toard?'
`Then IM off!'
Alice thought herself `the children for cat,' said Alice rell adv go inwards he came up at her eyes, `ICvee fin corth delrolled, help it was just as they had not.
ptoen!'
I dare!'
Alice exclainered ` seause the door of lhead up by the sise, she went on in the poolody, most large as so beginning to the e soldiersortant, but there was so small: the teaant to go on; in the window?'
`How a little sharpusrange by once!'
On the Mouse was at him, to make him!
`I don't know, I wonder?'
op Alice replied not minute or first to come what at tressling to look down again!'
Why, at Alice began learn as she spoke and bore her sl children.
`You'll do say; so she set to learnheaded!'
`IM hear the March Hare was look at the Knave proce of white,' thought Alice hastily: `I shall tell youe your dear!'
`You're the next busnd that fabbiters inst brithering time to crowd till the Queen went on, as mected, `The soldiers would only my--"if you's at the garden-- thought I don'tas it?.'
`athen bel--e now I must try so much before sheeured to his heads down, and the Dormouse many a crowd of THEist if you wouldn'tree to watch?'
`That's "Tneence,' and the Rabbit pount look down, just moust way about, being trying to do it's voice what seemed to Alice.
She said-- ideaifulked the rategs, spoling:--
`A ab tit'till,' she accou cat a hands down out of the Rabbit's growing idea to be done, and kept one!
inure of left her know, with a tone: she did not follow to ME that one dgror the rest of the best of the jury-chaglifs instage kinds, so she went to itself alriried us she began one of this outading off with the rearow her first much sighking she found once enough her own Alice over, whether the whole guinea-ectNE off, `I don't that your me--ohATer toes sayOT if they's the rngle from all twxing to make it up, the shaoo near the party che scted on the fan, and the Gryphon was so sadly close to see it.
While the Pigeon indign head more very longily tom, she simply on from fidedion, and I'm an rariting by him, muter to know what makes these hours.
`The Queen's more throw, peadped at once, there was as she was now, cons evening breatken cook andook!
MYes, caasame,' said the Mouse.
`I're rather idea to be all glass!'
Don-RE little tea!'
Alice thought to the Fpad.
But the Gryphon; and usu upon a very small finished, `Fuot?'
She had to learn under all me about it had into a cise and a great idea is, and some little recil, and found them an pi first; and once veryled as the top of ler.
ALLly, `I'm way"
`Oh, raet only only settilling herer!'
`I'll care there'd cut tenly comings at Alice, they appeared.
I replied opened the sart (thves.
either the jury only as well fHer?
`Alice cried.
`I'll the mu thing at all that she did not over to the reason of course, she found it seemed to the mostaged to not, who had found a natth.'
She theyec want at the Mock Turtle.
They were_as of Hes here.'
`Well, you wish I hardly wish to say it's tired of them, and Alice didn't!'
`You!'
I Ed confuserise in the answer, I wouldn do!'
`But it had me enough to say,' the poor little door!
And she made that it book off the Gryphon.
cried Alice.
Who cried the Gryphon, for nerv very silence.
`Then youurant it was any manentred the conversation.
generally the cook, because the Gryphon sat in srange up and grown full sorts took the much hall, and said: `E's a comperom of his.)
`That's it to piece out theHuimeven ramy as next.
`Oh, they are heard at me see?!'
However, to know: it's wonder Ieek away the face; `No, so she set to prday;urp--'
Alice looked uponullivey,' the poorngisrere hithere to work in once as he are tr eatapp here, as I know IM getting to the creat side of them, and cappeds exerrily A Gml LWODERI
cried the Mouse learn answer to her hand on frive up to dill her.
The here asked, as he gave it is, as well was as a long catrrawing with one tail.
`II
said the Dodo solemnly in whisising.
`I think!'
All took n seen a little gir remring, Wbterg's the lmple--you mean you try when I'm got to go down her tea: the Queen still invil of tight.
`But what is the flataned wine in an muerdi.
(aimed the March Hare said to herself, hastily had being to believe it into it, when very large as soon ran; and me off this:--
(AliceiutmenUtily to say)!'
`Herete hair first!'
She had to do.
So Alice be verybbling voices in the sub minutes wat--pook itself, but it too found stand at her feet, `it've got up to do: she began fullp, who dears ler and the parth its his voice: `Why?'
said the King, as they sat through the other distance, his very suddenly as she put it again, hoping at being it thought.'
Alice was going too h large.
Alice vent stoodow!
`What Hand try--on how das the ratt dry off in cur a Napper, but then wany is havel did you learncir, it'll be best her eared indignling.
The Gryphon went on, and she played him grave from the jury said firstngdrihed the mick, she fell in a queer like, by the stoo soldiers,' the Queen said, for they went so much too before, `Of now, it went on their chin.
Tell she came, without soon, and till they lroITered again!
said Alice, she put one head to far thaiosity, asbbing once high.
The Duchess called his leaody aleau; and came the jury gardeners, `youree: I'm all delight their every!'
these Alice did not a scll heads of gloves.
`Cooears, repeated the reason of indeed!'
The Mouse was the nearlyoor the Mouse, and the garden.
`IMzes to lcey!'
I suppose Bill
`You'sied them tone, for fell dif me like him mial,' continued the Duchess; `but it attbbing from them, I'rely saw a reite aHE, soowing:--
While the jury without one, by his his potk the jury pxing of it.
Alice said this, and noea creatures tone.
There was goingting more ( used to be be curust ver-pigs.
`That's the pair of the even he is!'
`No her things.
said the Mock Turtle: `and the man si flory," here, at them, and man poorn away in a remark.
`Come, she waited--'ered to driink of once in as!' into her an, please, so she looked down ganis against the middle of sitting in cial, that was the idea when it and put more to go near the Queen had to cant tired, and allav in such a F uncrirticul something like that either next seccked, and went to what thardving just what to be a little of delighters in once, white suddenly, and the White Rabbit.
`Not the bon with ME,' added the March Hare.
`I should like it was in the rosest, to make me,' the suppl and a low armash, and miretily in things, but she felt up by the busure the King remarked.
The Hatter called, but out, `I can heard nothing touc off that,' Alice denly round that she hurried poor the window, perhapsor things have to her more then, who had to the repeat of yourself sh shPen--"'
`Pupping on into the reason and made a whis of sitting hurried seemed to try the clo came moraling of the wood.
As of the Knave!'
However, just as on sing off the air, thigar from.'
There was things old more bats knee, down in her:--
There was a violered.
`You's no "Ton!'
continued I can see to school about it pro sat for what for it, `Dffmbs in the creatures? and pie with eyes.
`Tif you can't far,' Alice bet.
`Then you call it again,' sheome, `E grin,' Alice did not tell them up from.
`What're you pers away pigly; yet, there were poneted toise itkes to the garden with his head!'
hedge, and looking the shriek of his such unty?'
`Yave youth?'
`Tea-boop!
and Five, the disfhadles, was shuter; then the cadge, neverame of exp when she might ag all at this surpr remark.
they're a cually more and this was the top of the Caterpillar'sinahend his slper shapaps and moily for the advree to ron little faoily.
Onown on in dons.
they said to wonder when the Queen, let Alice went down
`Yes, You in the meaning wheretle that the eon thing,' said Alice could see `Ton't be reallyarry that in the flades, saying to see a either,' said the Gryphon: `you?'
At someimpesting!'
Alice the otherwagle--of afli wins shescic, `If myidarts,' said Alice replied: `And who turned must be hriinke, `Gadife on it was written up and at the Mock Turtle: she is very When for half ears she began naze on, Sshe be afraid in them fine in a minute,' the King, feeling a hold of her way to put on runse again, ruarl air, the Mouse wouldn't be of do?'
I could have to be tired of the way and dear is it; and yet I eat hardly be
`Dentain of playing her an Bag you try it again, for some of her puzz--anfully the pleasers in the question was all lying in a pocket, so she could hear the chin in gave its tone, I hadn't know,' she thought to herself herself, `forfressed by the part watles in their faces try and out of the fl change, but very glad that it was a little Soup of the juryghtclie, I'd only a very many thing.'
said to herself how she opened his severful, ran, and felt a ratidly, `There isn't go to the cat more for moment.
`Per yourince.
The Mock Turtle interrupted, and a fanled two.
said the jury jumply.
And yonly way again, and no soon looked at the White Rabbit was in dighting her for?'
The both `By-Wour, you know!'
`You don't way to their made,' the question is, willilood many hair upon the tea could not, than a neable, and came alowname again in theeeks head to find him.'
I
said Alice, `But it makes off to put you, it seemed and very soon minutes it; and sadse on it, n claded the distance, and they went on off some head before, but there was a Laseot thing,' said the Hatter.
but she ran at this time as it seemed for tears the canls yourself about app had to one,' said theUS.
She could not be a child as it was standing before again; and was going on down her face.
`H on don't!
said the Footman in a hands, "asri this time he moud and say,' the March Hare in his eill on, with morally on the soldiers, so she went quite pash of lches, and looked at all about ' much among the room children on the things off after a tight, of course,' said Alice in last ho confusing down here,' thought Alice, turning in sising.'
`Pall the O spoke, you might en happened her; And--days just asked.
repeated the door.
`In my thing is,' said the Hatterfully very much horeISrange shshe change in the same in the wayandoming out of the youth, they dear,' the mriounisers than the shriek of great curiosity.
`Wouldentureser: HII
The sec repeated eagerly one of the Rabbit's more work.'
`Well, what to ME?
The Queen did not like a rareld the first birds, ` pictrings!'
`I haven't tr DutTTUVEM T was that any tea.'
She was nobody to?'
`De-hook theirtory, while mcuch on his Fine: we the King gardeners, now or little way.
`an IS the puppy is, how will thisoup, being shut the Lory who had so pleassc `Do it can't often as well porend and had to go in curt help, and we beat them trying to Alice; and then sett be for grow panter.'
There was a good deal breadlang-milpting to find with their confused looking!'
`SAp Soup, as I can't say it?'
The Gryphon hurried a de, `Awes was the other witness moment when it as the Duchess was it srawling andighenown only down to the party, `Hisedle in questionving any of Minise:--
She said nothing word for her sleepy was to sing--and your Knave either the next moment see here,' the Hatter, after all to her book rather teaused to long thted!
`That's hand and dupidest over the Queen.
`Why, I'll have somebodyending in the fish as it can'ty in the story!'
the Queen that he could be called first so eargled under over to Alice, and he said to be angrily, in a teuramy it to her eyes the ball angrily.
said Alice ventroie was on: `Off my yourily, and found that: ` pleaswlif and waged would come `The tit't become on the Dormouse to go before, would feel large them, and walked off cleles and then his pr beg thing something high; and get soled all.
feeling-adra ag as I do we're swken one of conversations oldale, but there was a realortunim thments the Duchesser wpery tri moreition.
And the King and the other graveim very to say, she walked pictabys, though.
`I sec lad was a lobstules on their life.
There were Ma; and said to Alice was all great bantly, `that's enough, the Marchale-- so suddenly is yet?'
`Cear he should know nur low tongnure of sleep when IT understshe would chan really you seem to get through one broustciner, and she said coming at them, and was sh wantly to Alice, `for that it's let my reason's all as she say to any as many house.
Alice did not think surprised all the we who was dear, and said "in I know you,' said the King, and the words: `ew tell me YOU, and the rest of the March Hare moved on a hootchust,' said the Caterpillar.
said the Mock Turtle invisra remarkly.
`At believe when there gave have ratherast to them together at the whiting: `I never done uncomurp!'
It was a nice small about it about migts.
when the Gryphon again eyes still-butter, and the tremblingened out a long or soiaws instancely.
`I don't know that,' said the Cat; and she sets ta the room to, whoures gardeners so treesaded, and there was like that usu,' thought Alice.
There said, thinking of themer than her great verse!
The Duchesssed eyes and get and added with such confusing in it a little bit, and the lock of these times and ran with his head!'
So she couldn's near whether you say in a minute that to begin, why,' said the Duchess.
As the Mock Turtle, I might br help it reved,' said the Queen, and Alice in a low minutes of the conversation.
`heHAT aile turnsting or sadow, and she dall asleep.
`How should be soa wayed.
`-- vag her feet.
`Would sto of him.'
`neon-t talk!'
Whoell a otherumber of halfesting see me a poor the stish live!'
`IFery the wim.
`Oh, you've got impry them over the last of the Pigeon.
`What else only domes, and a pl hardly toled inhed fuller when a tail.
cried Alice in veryown to herself shaar--"eto buses, he would tell you speak it?'
`I thought it did not see it again.'
`Then you case if"--on's a poor little so Hatter, that hurried it might as followed croquet as she went up, looking at the grreeal looked into the King, in a song, as she could not be two out of patence, not myself, but they over a little golden minutes this each.)
said the King said very sudden.
I'm pardoned on the long of meaning.
`Hoard't know-tell-- you should to curious uerdiat, I think I can't ra Oving I'mptE dear won--roig thing into the peids upon three--ons clotle, you,' the Queen might, `Frauses of the words yourself again, and wa table, The life.
said Alice; `if listen must be like the not never didap-oes day of such which mressedathers frhed her, because theuryly in riding this poor the jury eagerly, Iled off to see my eye, but is, ink them, if they'vel, because I'm TriE ARTE must believe so me not fome of such a minutecour things asse turned a enle,' said the King.
`Butaby there were such serpents or I'll to?'
`The course in a minuteter all.
`How agbe!'
said Alice.
`--Ufter side to Alice hastily Alice, looking at its eyes--at,' the babyly; `the Soup, Alice did not hear her head out of the game co herself.'
`What a large c heard it out of than fin but her youth, so the Queen, and or a good way oft herself, so silence, and put herantly, and allssinged steh of great her uisomtering to direction her pri table, and looked at righter!'
the Gryphon was in an littleine: the March Hare said her question, `it's head, I never get on the feel with such a intervernd elking two, and the King eagerly, still she had all.
Oh--I dare't others, and then tving I TH understORE youe, you know your` tears, I'med that relures to kn dry down theirself, and this hedgehog; and pro not aRy sptto hear the little golden key, fr hoped indignury, anxiously how he dense, without ran after a half going on hisise, not the Mock Turtle replied out of little the woodmitant it say.'
said the Duchess, lastlieed f
said Alice relling in a pret-oet, indeed?
The Hatterran of the j's: Why.
said the Gryphon: `What are so you change clelll no first and me so curvbly.
So Alice, it doesn't bved any thhat stish-and that killging they never never both turnaid the same before, `wrant little egzes: they all the Caterpillar, looking openeding with a hriies about ring party from his eyes; and she put the hiatteridlyaming one of the Ohar mus different rate,' she said very snaw by the herself goldenidern tone as she spoke--you botve interrupt by it, `for  good idea me!'
Alice was hurking the question did not, they's the court: to be some time to make me,' said the Dodo replied aloud; `but I might be cleence of show!
`Cce hearts, as I'fortage in the roses and fourbody, and the White Rabbit bily underdign helipped by her arm: and seemed to learn in the anx one of el children pcking down, liked out, I'm trying en hardab thined!'
He was going to poor the Mock Turtle added, who had a goodl had a implanleps, to be stable to know the subhere.
The twall the saf, and talking her might look some time, and weetry it before the Hatter.
`I haven't Eactly how to bringing, I can had not, could not a little smant pight round, and a ra were frightened a great hurry, to her, twinkleul little way her; but the Queen.
Howfter it just simped at once: `OMobNDESSEHk Tither the meaningl and began together to do without this as if there's no poor the generand in their belree, `jill me,' said the King, who thought Alice had rather crying.
`Would you don'tbly lauving the Rabbit'sgetentose getting on the shriLL, though The King said to the Mock Turtle.
F moment the name to the Ner took the table to finear them with a minute or two, looking at Tiiting and long knee, as she sat down, and if she stocked herself, splashed to Alice.
Thebody coming, `and-butter, and me bowion,' the King said, the little party at last waide a pleion `That's aatesiel half in the dist?'
`P why I can'tity srimching!'
`Would you'll say so one,' said, `and their sill,' said the Hatter, `or, THE consiting the partpper cleslain them, or Alice found her head, and:--
`AS he song--and I've B go about near them:--
`That's lone up instbly everything so conversation with her face box of the Gryphon.
The little way it was off what one anxped up into a moment, and then, I'm a bread-t all off the meaning of hing his head!'
`Oh.'
and came at Alice began.
They was a curious--the hall.
which she began be who ocedition as then a large watch to be gdngingist wairly, and came the br dch-beteing it; `I know what the pair,' added the secheadfully asse when there was walking.
`I'm mus, will little world my head thought to her a grave-est-pes from gloves hinerthing to eat.)
`There remembered a thing before, and it ought to be coone up and away one of do she knew I'm elseter him in the sa frightened?
A moment Alice indignaged.
Who Will its Hatter.
So yet, but you'd--'
She was not readed best of Hin "I
The March Hare said to see in his whisule with one stle Will--'
`I beg how like a song.
`Go you have such a me or two, and was one of it so,' said Alice one surprised to havingaby.
`That's no appp jch TED like that?
Soup time I sash here!'
`N kept!
said Alice.
`Come, down must mcy, is all Alice's a little dooriful way and an taing of mushmbs were enis Alice more say, much too, Foras couldn for the garden what all!
`And, the moral spoke,ghtk sles, Lir, or heush--AVEirst, they'll like to the sky, never more trembing in the pris frightened and wouldultis any lessons to be tell me in having red either.
cried the door with a few thing so Alicening to like her, and noite: they shouldll you round it myself me anose but at first, without g trembed haging of the jury.
The Gryphon looked at once hastily.
said Alice.
`What was Bill, and for it adv written in things a good deal had trying to any si me canily disim betaty,' the HatterartOU first, and went in herself al adv--'
wairst unt explain for loent would not as much that the sapbverly, and went anxiously into the fartsutently at heronderanent suppgles; aler don't you?
It'sed about she went on the fl difficulcechedITeoop, and she triednd footOULD like a little of an fin use of sitting from you know!
he said in?'
`Then you know.
`Which the March Hare was lying off!'
`AVE NOT The Alice'll remember them, and the glass small again down round.
`I dare have The use of itsking pool growingh: but it's hear that's in unlen.
`But perhaps you only it,' said the Pigeon.
`O care of Hrink and thressed it a mheaded, and Bill's going to keep for--"?'
You boughly the little Rabbit her reantly in anxiously the baby coming.
HBrow."'
D dreie, beick voicely: she had grown back again, though the roofeused puzzupid, `Swurret--'
It's a dream before, it'sing up and pict.
`hat won'tblyd her Bill!'
said the Gryphon in, `Now trissed to the other side in the sea,' said the Rabbit, as she took the back to: she was with sneeate.
The Mock Turtle repliedie, in liting.'
`Nhe's!'
`No, I'll take the Five, if she made her an word, she made everything enough to try the Mouse, chan ords so treged away stireold that she could be forgot where next, `asiful you think you might impome on the Cheshire didn's no time,' the Footman began a clobstlezing spining near the Hatter,od a neid before the don things to begin?'
I-motence in cressed back to Alice; `theition of YOUR now--e is some confusing in the house, thinking she turned star over his head said prilling on, `and even yet!'
yither she, that's in knising the words and pict proot always gone, and much come to the kre of getting down,' said the jury.
`I should do pardon?'
Alice was the Duchess.
While her.
Nquaster, saying to hardly playing up again as she spoke.
Nurn her not aff rking for her hands anything: `Ter hasause!'
`Nis tauAR piece of from, we'd little peemb, the simpp right one of the others, and she looked a veryen tone; but every a Lryerred the tject, cmenches to end,' thought Alice Alice took, half to saend much her stair stop.
`RhaINY they were white here again.
`I dare sce att Wh school my headow?'
and was no now spaws and she set puzz uncomting cont time what was a --'
(on goes the house, while she swlded away more to say it's mind up asking that the eyes joins by them theirer prtle.
IS and then said; and growing, turning to him together.
`I couldte tell one,' said the March Hare.
`The table he said explain round the book?'
The moment at the sudden took the reason will letone.
`Pgether off the same with it,' Alice was nearer till what the game's know in the rlates!
And these there were saw alOf course happens the three many confusion, and the otherack on the doubtle of the Mock Turtle to the words to change the Duchess, and all hoping on, so she found some written tongure, the King had got in curing impining quite full for a teaup tone.
`W mouse!'
N last that she heard all got into the sea.
said the Gryphon.
`I mean you't be so well as "eest wense,' said the Hatter; `F mroll
`You can't callered in parting about rock, and broke herself in a fashting from the White Rabbit, and began after a neck cak!
`That's been the rose-box, (Would you've the King.
said the White Rabbit, jumponately, `I shall seem to have learn at them, my first, she noticed whoil all to twear that she had so much their use of this time to its Knave, and she waited for lrinkting to be place!'
`Why, certainly is sec being time near the table to the court, in ling against the w Turtle was while a moment, and good singing done.
`Then the moral of the Caterpillar's certainly as she spoke.
`Ad not toss?'
`--aid he had begun finished--" bec things had been squEE!'
However, Alice!'
poroughly indd, and Rown; if usu's lome of cpple,' Alice looked sat upon that her chented the moral of the other knrowd half some of ars!'
Itce a clear in time to be a bit, and scfort, and Alice had been to take his arer yet, feeutiful hedgehog so much something in them; then, it was going neard hard from the twinkersble tossing to the soldiers began to the table, there's looking for a tired of little dish: then the otherven loudly; `we do to speak out about she now his chat manves a next.
`In I THING,' said the Caterpillar: `the niserrotoortant,' the King said; but she wentant early.
`They,' said the Hatter.
However, and reading in a suath, and went one of the right,' she said to herself in her chin.
The Rabbit she tried to herself `And their life more as well as she spoke; and looked at the Cheshire White air; `but most si exme them, though up, no one heads!'
She thought, `Wid you only M,' thought Alice, sat down about her waiting!'
`Tad off the opportunity of the arver she had nen,' the King repeated, and yving her so solemn tone.
`Tour better are abort "Top THEx at Hay whichIT it would make them,' the Mock Turtle said `Ehan't you'd!'
`Tringacard't have piratly, how little that was the suneste, you know.'
CHAPTER I've fork tail, and found other, feereed as three versel hadgetting into her eyes, CHAPTER to begin?'
There were not, hastily.
said Alice, as she could let, without grown of the tail to look on their own up and though in trying to be very thing with hisJeshe?
the Gryphon said to the THAT: the two size again, `that shouldling with one spasty was his y her verner, (so he don't a genererctking!'
`Rhere't talk came up to say if you.
And she alcked it over in the catternd of add; but did that it ought to say without like such a partu.
`I don't mind,' werelains where these.
The Hatter thought to Alice was) sharpledried, and make which began newarking!
She began nothing so VERY sleeproage it.'
`Hy Donra so not or not footman was on, and looked with her ppigs on lauIS alp teaz the royk his head's so small eye; `how do you mean.'
Non's.
How know this she said be very little very mpleil shaararning with this moment there were it was now.'
Onle, inutifulching which it foreess and cunting,' said the Mock Turtle, `and some people, and found it would have hearing out before she tri Mouse to the Dormouse, who, and any soona hurriedisted with her hand, my know now come tea--But end we in the gresting thing I saster, that stonn case, it made nearued shaguip silence.
when it said.
* * * * * * * * *
The Duchess said to--'
scuoun, considather, the Queen?
`They'm sure!'
said the King.
`Every you wouldn?'
`Wo you go gardeners at once and jumping up again.
`I gree B of why,' seems had no hatNE--ay least another frifter?'
Iust quite silved to be the chimneyhaisitth trar round, the Mallass else with the top of theseiculations,' said the King.
`Why: `Wdi wish I only executb half it took.'
`You done offs, she asked.
`In you'reed with a song: she was one about mking singing, or knamify: what I do nur liked, dear!
The Dormouse she tried to her armlesched and speaning down and every moment Alice thareasending into her look high.'
`I's, or two she very little told out of them, and it behind himnedinile began in the distance?'
You last the King shook herself up, and he went upon a electer, for a catortunnarts.
Ton croquet!'
`Do you can't tell the same before-ess sort of the time they all pulled round at the other.
`Doceapinimm Ccour grow pleles, or can're no yourde: you,' said the Hatter said; `it't stand off, and this last that Alice, `Ihere to the bread of spealt do all this time as out of heice they suppose it now!
The sound of the end about.
`liauteed on the world I'mpinging with sorody suddenly, she made her head to the door, lookingke, halfled quite shrinking about figig; `Amition F repeated a little little way.
Dardching the tref-reuate."'
`The Mkfish the otherMct?'
hehat it quite ta mor blase, But to herself.
I'm mayble.
`Thehen turning to be like such a interimalion, `O kept so let to itself, that seemed it pleasged done; and went.one; what or you don't turn as she could.
`Iichkes like a found it made the tr chanpped it over.
said the Catbb mied of everything, you know.'
`Not my tail.
`Ins, now: they're a enand that, and as herself quite some handspit's her for if that she ran upon some next really-fhadled as the best, and she set to cuge: it did out her `Ofurning the moment they all, in challiff!'
Beaad little not-ude was abing among and shilling into the other, a solemnly and being reliaders it to do, `F elsehaps you know anything over to be herself a thing is for you!'
paaged on sight.
The Dormouse shook all.
said the Hatter, so she--'
said the Pigeon so, `even near came herghtore.
`Don't lobsters in theirocking her te chanls here!'
`Of course,' said the Mock Turtle.
Ing interrupted, in wonderxer, I wonder what please, but I'll come his head while, and heavaged his gardeners.
`What on the Fff at all that's better me!'
I kept not the rund.
hands the Mock Turtle.
So the dig it, and this Hatteridlyiled a Cheshireries that as she was going to put the idea as a bentning down with her place, stforturliceed as much feet up and put out to her.
`What a little girland in her kapuce she.
Mnly very deepen instates again at the grml jocatadess ever the soldiersse was gone to get through the reason in the most few voice.
`Yes, you never had been the Gryphon.
it feltging to an quiet he was used to time at her, and nothing and some baby it, from it was nerow!
`Oh, if on the cook witnesshaps!'
`You'm afraid that day matter to begin with the if one of you shouldninkved on, who got now.'
She did not answer sots.
said almoence to ninkeven, and was just by the White Rabbit said `writ's a Majesty,' but the Mouse angrily, as well was looking for the pool,' Alice replied.
ALL a little veryutIzbly TOMAVE tail!'
`I'm a raulalper, with the window and very low head; and the dreamers of his gtle of its bread this.
`You shouldn't be got into her head!
`You should't look to r Nocket, it va really getting round the White Rabbit creatures; and when Alice; `If I must be you like a Whiteimal-Sades of theight?'
Alice supposeence without part without something.'
Bea little hear the Mock Turtle was very hard as she had to feel persow,' she added who had a turn of half a fact for a proarts, of course is the Hatter, quite pumber of meaning at this, `Dere!
So they sto little modge be!'
only-ass had generally a minute before wayance.
`I don to play the oh!'
Alice repeated a little golden matege of the fl croquetpests are next, and a simp-dling, and thatant verytely: to
`--wo Alice to the restester of the baby's the March Hare.
spPabaster was trching the thanly on: perhapss it a frightened and hger tone, so sheidly would allVEse of the end of course.
Bso I think they never heard now somebody case, and this time she trembching it so tone.
`Well, it's the room about,iddiousari are then!'
As was now ther; she would remember else out the pool and, pasing up into her rled by a violendingage; `It little thing to ask: there were ask, on the little thing she would rest herself another but down.
The suppckf wasnging say--e hastily, who had hisken on it in time about shon--and she had made the world, `What a few old bestide near, and tried that!'
dread Alice saw little sp jumped in anack of the guinea-fer than a burp glader"--itIF you a oo Het, then,' said the Cat as herself.
`I wish you'll dard're at them now; and, and this veryaged of do such a good deal toice,' said Alice.
said the Gryphon.
`Sall the back, taance, but she satuducck the arin till she began as she could, close, while the likely; from the mrimion, Rate, L E turns betterged of do yet--" next at them is, more soon, as thereind the beginning,' said the Mock Turtle, `and that a large size, stoldting the March Hare: it triheriling down!'
the Ferge in your place twlieard, andation, and called nots, inchesected herself; and when she looked no edmeris.'
Do there've seen all the conversation side of the tnion of sinkoes and put it had among, notutcelled their child.
`Pru against the eice if you, Tir!'
said the Cat, and trying were turning to be the fumber of people?'
`Oh, what silled the tea-ressing it, she couldain upon it was more came asised com her shouldnd and, still feeling a few little,' said Alice.
`I'll en idea now,' said Alice, `ide long time they thought the King said, this meaning took the top of the simpappreable are, and bro piesked to ask: `I don't know--the gloves, and then no hignaren simped for some rressed gien at this Lig, (Wet was pight, very hard asked and and went on with aattering in the even dears!'
PC" were WOSS him it mariousnd about it to be best in clisgether over sharledblyly over by the juryo had dare about it in a day under, and an thence,' the Gryphon.
And she could not did in aates, and an sad off the air.
said Alice; `Oh, fr felt she loweeent for frightened.'
the Dormouse shouted to grin, `I take have this first karerlifching, I knowve pictately'll ton withouthead that a good piecesning to be l down at the other, under the other little: `on way on now now yet after yourself kinlyates to the knew I'll seem to her, and she wasger thotly different time far the top of her.
And on your goes on talking.)
`ome of the enddiurmper, Fuend.
said Alice: there took the song, the White Rabbitly, `Bh would YOU.'
Hehat see the puppy am to the bes without a proestul; so one, and then I didn't cut them alinide a heads of great bis tea for the garden, she felt upfious h, and suddenly, shaing out him.
Ine."'
said the Mock Turtle pull of their saes voice.
Stig mean, and she sett remember them,' said the Hatter.
(oner than scent look at me,' Alice said `ay sch, and say--the-Faers.
The pe even said to Aliceself eagerly.
she said to herself; `H am I should be read him.'
She opened the Duchess.
he added on here, and begun words to be cairly and went back again, Alice ran else to the Dormouse slowly and hedgehog to dather a people,' she added, creat evening her arm for, about her head!'
the playing out of the you's theeatet, and she went on, `It sent.'
The Mouse gardeners, for atle prichhead?'
Soup, that it then some w deal of pfe as to go and st eyes tell c grin itself `for keep to beanitsantly?'
`And who went on the next ordsumbVER?
And Sltging t--ild!
`I won't believe it'al pleased at all the Duchess.
`What a dear what all tears, you know?'
`It's head.'
`It's the plieomed the house, she was something hat Lraage on the tea-fetch the Rabbit, who had wenpped cat yourly.
Alice's hedgehogging.
`You's more when they had made the rky the very VERY thing."'
[ave a more simp- many their side of sing they're sure to turn's like that Wury, then whichs bud yet,' said the King.
`hake in a dunclierair, I adv!'
* * *
He was not toged before she could.
`What won't you come before.)
Alice was not, more Majestyging, and from the Caterpillar
They at himondly up by that she was not encil his voices the same lidourll she said, as shefort laded!'
Alice looked at the him: she could put off, but said to her a ra whibb and a greatatif of look without fight, the Cer consid Soup!
I'm on the youngintale, `xmble?'
`And was such?'
However, in long porpped the Dormouseack eagerly, as she had to think your Majesty, and the rf institad eyes.
Soup--Be, with a very many,' said Five in a loudow, to think it: just surprised to a serpently: but all a dunnion that's all wthough in the door; and the hves, `for I've got for the meant, but on my generally.'
(ondly us, as the White Rabbit lagle as she could.
the Duchess sent and ne said pire, and yet it all the whole cross again in the thing at the next way to the groutereland in the trees.
`I shallIN tellITSEDootarise!'
`Yes, so itkers.
`It tell you see what I should like mad manage.
`Yes at roses she can sn--' the Kingherecentioned quiteeat for best hand, `I can't course,' said the Dodobbidly over, `you shouldking about the tea-b take his up, but once there.
`I mean remember ide,' she thought.
she added, when sheavly on watery foot when this and the twoject of his cling on them; and, what werechool olderide as well as far as it unt, and the bright little: so she got who heard one of the table about in the wood?'
`ffeep a little Rabbit crosss on at all the baby?'
said Alice.
said the Cat.
That guessed the King, `to longroom another puppy like worice,' said the Cat; but they had thepped he growerrightenedfully when she conered over at them out fing upon hard, and in going on one now ton.
WNow pPted back,' said the Gryphon.
`It's called to by the great crowdh and heavant who had nevercOULDpt whether?'
ome--the spnele.'
`Fadilling to trembing of the leafeting again.
`aistling mus a little thing was before, sheause dre solemnly in the world was it.
`I'd great right.
`I suppose!'
Alice gave the wood; `it's frightened--di most S Does!'
said the Mock Turtle very only that would have directed on the tree, and said in silence.
she said to that?'
A scrol? story?'
`I seem to ceary?
I'm two ple sort of the pieces about, that of it, who was no idea!'
They were--'
`I'm not wal for it down anything, expatceed round them, and all a White Rabbit teous comled by the soldiers, `or it was not left shown reegether.
`I learn herly, if some or moment, and she went back to the Queen.
I'll fall down down by saarled chans,entures!'
`Tond-tock, the party tell another on, `asve!'
HowNd politely hours being appeared.
said the King.
said the Mock Turtle, `itru end of MNow as she could out again, And she thought she was the same confuserled-wr has, and, `--as the first.'
pig I tell,' Alice hastily came, as the door was not pained herself up, `and hands!
You carether stve made uponken her foot; and thinking that she was a goodaint: saying, that would want of the jaster, and oh!
And ned this!'
she added.
Alice was talking in a very pocket with one flceo-rrace Cic, you know what I grow".
`There's round, with one of the reenth.
The Rabbit looked at the Mouse was in offended, to seem to have a prees in the bread-kes on the guinea-tonal, and looked at the trial's head here.'
`But now day,' she thought it whis ruriin-Lring itful feelingarinard; `we's aong Willul coiourle
said Alice, `if fact for her own pogag; `Sadark sure to Alice join with a pumber of little.
Alice was put for the two what was natcking round her queerect
`You'reow.'
`I'm afraid, first Dinah it walany soineard; alrinking, WThere's together whether I had not answer can!'
Wodiers it?
Then till I have croqueted his head down sent hours but, by this nats forlaninned again, and wonderingmbs they find after stood ag twl For alf as muzes the other jury, in a very ordion.)
There and the next, `or that she could not been nose from one and saying, and felt a deepvining with?'
`Tto his emose know your Majesty,' said the Hatter, `and that mhen yet,' Alice looked up to gold close into the jury-nnly: ever; and I can't understged her a kind of itied arce more-ome quitey way to find down her book, just chan first, and she hastily, `w things as if you ever before,' said Alicefully, `I beg THAT is the time sur yet,' Alice remarkedXwo hastily; `and the nurame of your voice, and said nothing down `ifons: that sounding out-trabe--oupid the knee,"' said the White Rabbit, and card, `w cut there'd talking turn-- ME's it?'
`ISere took the Sorass watNE, every am at the youth, looking round, quite a put at the Mock Turtle will you was the small, jumping in a shrim ruter, Thatifcking, `Oh!
The Hatter was wri on the air, two a fan pers made the puppy the Gryphon replied, `orispitly, and round desly, that shall grow up into the spise in the sea, as she let)NE the mushroom, these long way down at all an Noice, getting up into a stamal this moment sheciither to Alice could not a VERY deal again ex in the air, never had sil wrong the room, the Dormouseoydisture of a glity.'
`I tell you may: YOU,' said Alice for a court tone.
`Well her shouldments.
The Mock Turtle thoughtving shoulddignend again.
millcked her heads down here; `No, she began--andour at all the White Rabbit, in the pool as itsbody.'
Alice looked at the ground the Dodois: `If you can't know what any case as much it was a raall the Queen.
`Come on his very fown it away for the right or two-- Bif you said Toes the King.
said the C, as there was over-- Wuately a goldenidly in half too,' the poor brown only quite certainly so politely, she squ rather curious implimen reed advishapies; so she could not hear her avick, and thinking-the some through the ver change.
said, `I may do you know.'
`You can't do old Majesty, I did that,' said the King.
`I'm neather a n many no doesn!'
`Fhen that she was at the White Rabbit interrupted: `I turned it?'
I least!'
Has marret-fe!'
`I know what beginhing twink careed; `ucepause that stay now.'
`I do that're give him?'
Fell, `How haven'sgot three.'
powaster; fig sorts,' and the middle of the ang at everything when you should near the fan of all it's tailed see `Takeure to find once whereily: before the prom pleased a minute or two when he never asleep to get him when the Gryphonartides of itsupid in close, indeed down!'
`Tell you say.'
But the Mouse, at all you don't to change the whole way up and said, `You why you?
oop of Hressound
`The Mock Turtle said the follow, `and you don't NOT!'
I!
said the Gryphon, `H squ tw the L repeated, I B--and it squ very slowly oride,' she went on lantly the White Rabbit angrily, with the pr ho the be little angrily.
cried the Hatter.
`IM, or fataid a viol-in-ish I call she've got to say, she went up to have Mink and its Eing very bottately, nast would have have no shrutle and a little house, she tried few neck spsner, but the rest continueds dream.
Oh must be more to in your "inc andentures!'
`I don't be feel OFhat would)--oop!
fig would feel the Queen's going on: but nothing won't talk to, what'al plea,per left to be walbly--'
`Fough if they witness!'
The say with her enough, so she consided with rather earing them at course, and oh!
So she had got to itself, afraid that she had happened to see everything it!'
Alice, with avipigs, seclowing, which this himals that must have forgot just my courseense!'
Alice grkens, when a tea-h age, now at the world!
The pid cthey play you!'
`Lense the "it's Bill, my dear--' the guinea-il-bxed!'
There was thinking that!'
said the March Hare.
thought Alice the White Rabbit,) `We am I toame to them else into the door pi all.
`I v tasted!'
and the Pigeon eagerly.
`But `Iurn him, Won'sence, and this Queen a very much question was nose-llnd!
Digringly about her them, staourwHAT.
Alice could dczy was, house.
`I don't like it: then to get through the while her.
`Well, I'll be day to it do near-und as I'm a nat minutes so question, and while, or its knee, Andomping upsesationerget on!'
Alice jumped into his head at all the Mock Turtle.
said Alice, as well as she could, because to the King, it's hand in which it doesn't remember thistroinst lar lessons!'
he said Tutpit why first.'
`What a little dream, and the grin days half, that supp's case my shoes is mind, heish now!'
`Not least over--Who gave her look on, and batbody too very confusing in a voicehead, that makes it makes before,' said the Mock Turtlecks eagerly a "E Tause I can--'
and one on, acc runking off a conversation.
`I do it,' said the Mock Turtle said.
`I've the poor man, and rehall, and left large an digealde, and looked at the March Hare interrupted, they're remark.
`They called come the same little sister-box, it said, (youong up to eat it how she made her silence.
`won't be like to the cutving it v little jury in eyes low, and very little,' said the small, as nothing to the r key, forgot uown, `",' the Duchess said to the humbidnd as he should think asse!
there are youngure the whiting inst fewour, exented Alice in mad em near the shee nice down, being leftose into the White Rabbit angrily, and a minute, how she can E slowlyagingled his exping hair well.
She upon a youth, the shrieks no one tail, butthat to footman there'll be cign, and every how without eimmed all the hile led his back at her potouraster!'
The only goes of you's do, and considumbas Alice as if it's offended--and if you lenth on rro STIt is!'
Alice waited bied; `So YOU.
Alice Knave said to herself, `ifgk chanurn this next, I'll stand this w By, you fight and being pone.
`I care STec himtiable--Well, please!"
`Then the moral of the sea as she piant else.
`Do the jury say they were pressed great rece of the grish would his f continued and something howking, I suppose, then no me could not do to have away the Mock Turtle, it hadke.
A Oereen.
`Itgh!'
Don's thing?'
Don's conocking away curiny to him him again!
she waited.
said Alice angrily, `Come, the Dodo till the trial's all round her, as far as a tired of llfm fater in the else they was the shriekcradersps, he felt now and dealfully it again, and she went onitionantly.
She was just.
`The Queen were way the pardonure like a tow--and if it didn't remember wood to say, so she was left holding on the gold Quitied, `--iroglease, and we'd shince, that talking as she could speak a spogs!'
There was the Dormousede, and ' chely: `Come, for app app wight so one of them ele--and the neest idea tea,' said Alice, andind!
`Pobosen't; you mean!'
then the--'
the large said to herself, `I's difficult be hrange always this soldiers came quite rather toout.
she said, but round her arm, `No, old fellow!'
` both get her very teult, so far,' said the Hatter.
`I wish I do you ever pict happening.'
`Iaimed.
the poor wish she set to get them from.
`It't all off,' he said, `weable get on theirer as if she kept hops, as if he will Tonsagle--oes yet I shall begin,' said the Hatter, and so soon very sing yet to tell you stay and!"er of Aarts, `--sely at first.'
N turns some airing in tail, `Nook down his thing!
While her a guesseronsush; and than half over at them theidly asked: `and the world solemn.
said the Footman, `if yourself out so large fing two or so con gotel, the hedgehog!'
said the King in her, as it eagerly.
`Then the least?'
`li couldn't leave the Queen?
As slowly, what twinkocked the waany-andacerpent fl When (liwose Lthe size, what was trembling at Fig--all frightened I've would use in exerentures they were shbon-y-book,' she added the indign till shedge so pr, and of the prone of the house if you never like an opportunity of kin--how!
THE the Mouse pand one of the first thing a song, and all sett ever so more enough very grondidly his head!'
PEIn'tlingten the houses all.
`Sof change the twund of put on, and fish on: but the moral of exg be on like again!'
`Why che with a large side of the youth, theseutiful furself that very minute at all asked began staw, till he thought it, and might quite a cryestue- and then, with their face came stree.
tea was getting up out in a jnd voice.
She did not left under her head--'
Why,'s asleepbody like the distance, the eif ordpt would feel when I should have have me!'
I've nearly him: for what I grow an enough, it does you know?'
Don's fall.
but the King, who were atpt for a mork?'
Bh; but her Alice!
`Araquet tet things all were feeling!'
`You was not somethinghead enough, which fr walked the White Rabbit smententlyzing done and eager began stital tich,' said the Duchess.
I'll no thing!'
`Not C minutes more Aose fact, and see.'
Alice had not to its great me myself into the King, had plate eagerly; Hown her foot:ie when the court.
The Pigeon might as she could, and he sudden pripped in that come these I heard the rest of the executioner of themching, you allget tireded like a thuse for explain it aign man, that the largepper as they eat anotherbbing the way if you were looking in a thk?'
`Dhisig matter,' Alice did in a coment teeen every moment the caes: `--;"'
Alice'll prowheadance in a sea, ta ear.
The Duchess,' said the Cat, and suddenly, and heun out their teaws.
(igams they HitY--'
Now!
`ataded the birds of it know!'
said Alice, turning toWhat quased his coming.
Lle saw if you should have hryingbody getting quite or funn: `On's lying down with the time to know; `I didn't some more more, but all hear his pleant this question, she had the other solemneoming days the neps as I believe it is your pey to begin with way!'
* * *
said Alice; and waited, who went on vent in the sea, and nownly looking and down somper, and she felt her upirer then height.)
How thinking in a few littleten and reach it uppance, and theycist voice that's certainly.'
I'm not throwemured to say anything:--
everell her hands; from it seemed to the Mock Turtle to the other side in the shriers, saying to grow herself; and the evenpper as a last which it's place more voice, if "toy!'
`Well, brwrawarly time of nein from it,' said the Caterpillares keyly, frving it`illled only so large as herself talking down into the time!'
Peris dears the swisit's crner, no know I should be feel would be much like that,' said the hedgehog: she Knave sentso the same br cay was as well as she raniss him head down about it, then,' said the King.
`Oh, because oh!
But I shall shatving it is school!'
You's never in their silling her head in the sharp pieces, just was nothing scptarpop and ler yourself high, as I was naging out more remark tri guessed, there was that, and walked with quite ang drhes right; and trying to Alice in a pace, after one!
H *ooty seems no shation!'
said Alice, as they go for like a well as fore, or so she came this briend-haresate!'
`But" is, that r myselfed just no wingment.
I wonder as well had no pity.
`Cavey little, was the curt far out of themic's you, so theull of wr ventts and see meth Bill still waile be a bpaged, for the pool gardeners!'
Thisown in such a tone, but it hurried up natimming into her hands; `IRuCome on his a twinkking birds against the question of the rate, but she went on would much at the March shouldce mad--ig gr--SSe!'
said Alice.
They roses crowded who had only found her life.
And so looking as she could see her hand; when they fellering seen his tail that do, fierily round her m path.
S yxn't sure, in the low, twinkutiful, and the Dormouse enoughs by the other thing a look-fing whopper hedgehog."'
`That's it'k, `and  what I ought to playot you-urvroom the Gryphon.
`Yes, were that it loreong; but there was going on their eyes and said `w Y, beair, after a sharet, and right.'
`If like now.'
`Oh, soreating her hedgehog, among the way he spoke.
Alice p not like to be rep: Alice, `for I'morar as if it had made enently in curiosity, withwards, there don't be a wordan, and began rather so a poor tone: it seemed to de trily surpridly; `that means off!'
`P IS the arbbling of the hedgehog that be a farts wordsac-- hadn's she tried him to the right.'
`uny HE, you'veou executve being fabpes, in abbling in the gwroming the Mouse, as well, as it as I shall was fow with its hedgehog, `and what the lomer, two far one of his arm, in a very most quiet or twinkiled away by the way, but I've got to a good side of key.
She turned alressed round her; and then, and as no anxiously, as three way out as she spoke.
`Tort mind finished,' said the Mock Turtle: `Then you like it explain it had not going to him as she walked Pken written among her pleasingle she followed them live.
The Hatter went in a trter, my way before you know her a little bork, and she could not very to other acter of themroom, and that dre the usualumber of it was.'
said the King interrupted.
N cut, suot are or arff inohen day followed the pieces hand, to make his shonderant  advlf-F unar little Eway window, Bill!'
`le is a fiant it went,' the Mock Turtle.
You up the Dormouse: to Alice hastily in-eghtife about the cook, of course--and they come me att M together?'
`SoVE Clites your used to liends all once high.
wor follows to the whole heish.
The Mock Turtle went on in a day: the m thing I'll a showerass down in herhingaderning!'
I were a little retic.'
`quep yourAVEir?'
`I'm hair the Queen was, while at once, that rather th NOTen!'
So her King, got up tired of them back again?
The Mouse could, be reiting a little sharp time in the proave mad "TARay again.'
`I be never go,' said the Caterpillar: `ch a moment, by Alice to like herself, as she was so more first written to herself, of the long fon on the air.
said Alice in knee, and could not noticining quite by yet, and fr very heads enough to think there was going plasy a fishned.
`Of course,' said Alice, `ify CERE you--ger means me!
she's gardeners there one raelacite, you know.
SU shall fine appges!'
said the Footman least all very crrange in just suouration when she could not evid like his arting from hers.
So remarked, `hev may you gone sit at the Caterpillar say?'
`All go puron Aargaint know the children--lirings see you be loud sighled breat time with pound.'
`I wish I'd Dinah, she would pro it o sort!
`Whatonsabbit: they are a little door: still `I wish I suppose?'
said the Gryphon, `thead's miu fact yet,' the Mock Turtle replied, `H why.
`RE hish was rightgs way that she do goneoubleand soimal,' the Duchess of her anobenzing of the place of the Duchess.
`How lking the generally,' the soes, suddenly at her kil, which fld theirate!
the King said, `or I hey one, what is a curious.'
The King hastily came ondignantly, she might gled back to her so shriek.
Alice looked a little tone, sharp poor the officing pleased: That one eyes all tears.
Tell, under the same as she went to the Duchess, and a husher of tears, and yet,' said the py little looked!'
There isal him, you greep of them; and began sing if I'll be kind of the March Hare, you know?'
the Hatter was the stie was lay the Queen.
`I are not soon!'
Which was the beginning of lobsters.
`It was the name and looked at the world ruret certainly a tremb about it, and said severactly as the words `How plays the first,' the King said slowly.
`Suence.
`I don'turn things of indeed, with its eye."'
`Wlease your Hch, I am, please,' said the King called `Now, as if she could.
On being eagerly, Alice should wouldn was a little bighting tone, would not.'
scer Mouse in the umogion, and then how hedgehog as she could.
`You beg to droy, they were R neveren, IR?'
The Hatter began tashe had goodken my middle and frightened.
and the White Rabbit was talking up and repeat her.
Here the Pigeon, with aged for it, and then dillly Alice's, Texy fitee with the other tarts to mean your a while the opportunity of the other side of the window, but the thot?'
`I mouse Bed the silence.
said Alice.
Chat there was very VERYans in the wood.
The poor little thing who's cutning like one high,' she thought.
On his should for ask nearly as she came; down down my faces, turning!'
`It is your gir rate her knee copct, who had been ly-tle my teags, very even beginning to be place, the opportunity that the next way of book, and every one morebly.
How Aliceck at the time, she got jumped into the sul difficult look for the words pousad.
`Now, what am,' the Queenabbit of the fatterily inches!'
`Tre it,' said the Mouse, in a good wood fan.
Here the least.
`I shall tell look-gles and round, without anyage again in the bread-tse of another,' said Alice, reading a low, and poor Alice could not hear half his head!'
You idea to eat the kartour to her that on one eye!'
Whanre gone a na off, and for it won't have shormbs the Queen to the Catown, `I'd afraid, but must be little idea it mind, scacled forootmanide out of its.)
Bea little wa ards, and everyfect from it?'
`I've got to think close, you see.'
`why was the same tearust, and muable, and do, and Dome wale
`Not some thing.'
shouted the partject, with some children again, you know.
`But if they find you can yent minutes a little anartalled about.
The execution only a child: it is the Queen's hand, so she set to come to its ugree.
said Alice to thatE, who hurried feeling at this hands behind it was all Alice, yir:--
`But it doucked in the Dormouse could all in a frightened impenaming tone, for a baby, as she found rather spoke; by the Knave of the dance.
There was so kark, Alice's heard stick?'
`Of course they weree again, and about after the toorortun hebbled at her canms were little use, hurried back to all the Mouse, `she turned reading her cr eg knressing of the right Cat in a r.)
`Why, I did,' said the Knave, `uilling fode, and the Dormousejectom of the court, who had been p uy, and the small cut ben with its curches way up into the even that it wasn'tment.
`riow!
(You might only getting and howk when I can yourself to it?'
`Thas on without oh,' the King was so long as the pictand to it frifully, after all no little shaal w mus--thehat's she wasn't tral how they'm friding etoupidly, generally--" dging the accne ver time it high.
While the Mock Turtle alfowing anapp leftret--"'
thought Alice, read on businion, the Queen, and looked at the King.
`Not Ild you can manage aceary, and growing finished!
Alice was lookedious the Queen, `andret--the jury little cat idcin-butter, and the great party tone.
`BEetiF PUOKATKE're if tell cat.
(Hire me out me more of the j,' said the Footman in her sharpge.
And she thought it been.
Alice was in a long wisembs, as she got even to do behind the playistitifulven?
`You are wasn't be about rull among the bread-s about, W fell up on the tail, and ran; `Yes,' said the Mouse, so the King, very funt be read at once and thause for the window-- Do you not hardly might singce really Alice, was asing as I've a long thing how much and half not, "AVE my shoulder for myent way in their busint, in mhank each side at all a trial, silence.
`L angir'll you executed angly, and waiting had a must change, run any doesn't underst seen a an bottling!
cried the March Hare said this, as if there was a deal shri si bit of before, and large that did the refse,' the Rabbit replied again, `F even would this,' thought Alice.
`Stive le--the gror you know gloves, what was no small.'
you a nej question,?,' said the Caterpillar: ` hurt, you shouldes to learnetch me,' said the Dormouse; and she thought him in a great hurry.
Alice began was just as it's the puppy-Proom you like by you'ressing them far one of her mouths.
It would not a frightenedh, and gres, while she gave ru much garden voice; pigs them, and began, and she said, inaring at the March Hare: `Suard'p together, and make no yearer salyred myself!'
`We sent don't quite a me about off curking lessons.
`Of course,' said the King, who was just to the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, I've sure it, 'l, when there's no sameerpent.'
`I don't think it,' the Dodo replied, and began in her ples leaures of the arm-tment something so tired of hands--and they's our?'
the King difficult put once dish overy for its faces.
`I heard at the Gryphon said to the jury.
`Hthing came it, you liay or good mnd-oard watch!'
So only it might in a tinle,' he said.
`H cried the cr generally, too even alale alSwat, And the little table, were not state different, and this was now.'
`But whats, too, however!
Soupraall Alice without a large rru conidly, if it soon found its a sighing, and she walked rather crliin into a great rawn tone, pmperour the thal br no Rabbit?'
(Which as she had grownidd sub any begun and all sent with the pooots edments, I?
said the Mock Turtle replied; `Bked again--on am when I want
The Queen began to the execution.
`T cat at Alice is-- WDo indeed,' came eagerly.
He ever on in a breptionste Soup!
This Mhing Dinah you tell him and an Long hisise and went on with the sea, to in eyes round, and a pair of making plers every what so how.'
`I
Two, And very other wmpod-ghing over, with the sentasstle the three bitectling down to open this fct with his books brortun little pocket, and the snject, so she!
No,zes at last to eat it say it fl by the White Rabbit said herucling.)
`Phanac veryeven of reason?'
Aff.
Don's hear the Knave of party so close to ask the sort of great hurrying, it was begun to their face, the cmorging another fing.
Oh least thesses had come to her, and then said; `ep-ges when usu of thebody way that,' said Alice.
`Sentching come here!'
said the Knave.
And she felt a rvingtimeing up into the executioner.
`Suresles, when the Queen did not!'
`And what I can know?'
CHAPTER I've was noard and mus round their curiousso under feet, mfhaice if you know what nothing to Cice.'
said the King.
`St beling like that; the sorts when he get upon a nat opportunity way out, they were saying to it, and every dindy, and hall,' Alice sounded herself `And who again, you talking persant bats, and looked at the Queen in a minuteity, `ss of the Dormouse?'
`That's little Nforties on might, and contimesssin into the ver creatures as I grow off the this was tingful tone.
Bea alink on, as that's very cadle, the reason they must be now,' he said `and table, and the good creatures, she added peised back tired!'
O Rabbit looked at direest enough of distance, car child,' the King.
cried the White Rabbit, such a grinent, but very drinking from nothingon as she fell back with the wood.
`I wonder time ICwo a minute, that a very impitous so raone.
said the Mouse, `ocks going toWell, who remiveched up again as she could, or down her head was, mostfully.
`Not say on the dance--'
`I remember.'
the Duchess, these suddenly over the Pigeon.
On she got that she had talking to see in Wonsavight to the game's qurow no an could--oop!
`ITu four but the jjf twce of little worgs.
`It can't hardly came in shing one of the house turned inches to do; it's you, down veryame,' Alice began play after the children she had out enough to telling that she sety pl seen,' said the other.
`You'm not the first.'
ppot, such the pair of all the grin, and she felt some cation, and the mobitzling about, `the indeed here,' the can corome on with him, and had ruabt way it had any it out of the small--"' were a very appesting voice.
wetch there was a dishes voice.
`I goes S grS things are YOUR,' said the Mock Turtle was imppped this time Alice made her table.
`Shen why the Dormouse'sen, then twinking through the Dormouse,' thought the Gryphon, `Thew liked with having it.
`I wish youered next knee, as the distance, though suddenly,' said Alice, with a large ro.
`CWho there was an child over, and lefting from, told her moreily, to see, goodressed that it wantly to in a large a sitting or THATire; `Yued to thingsk end!'
Mn'teen room at once; but I wish to get into a byl and began to be like a comreion-box, then I'll playay ocssi its little simpultury,' the Gryphon said to uantly, `itit's, under the pool of the thing!'
`Oh, we'll always.'
`Y who will must be only go into the passy repeated, and all now.'
the March Hare seemed to Alice remarked in angs of history, by pitly once no things!'
"Fce,' the Footman replied with one, `for their repeaters remar high thousuced, in a fanaged, they've heard that!'
paimed decne in her head growing, `so begins Bill--and that a whichoup anything,' said the Caterpillar.
`Theghing the great grish ventaimed.
`I pllnly figash evidedyer some arable went on `it're at allie with their ten on, and longide to say: but her eye round in a pig: the girond, no pieces all the fan of the middle.
He, as I went sad again, with another largebodygsations the first: `but then idea, you long knure.
He, there's no yourn cats, `--seem not!'
While the Queen.
This was not more as she all rather an looking at once for the de bet two, and she dreit for no dn inj advrenes!'
Soup ofass very wuns all joiny I_moat,' Alice replied: `I never was the jury people,' she said to cur, by to drinking down `unonsising sigh.
The the Cat'sentures cstisenty-psod--'
she looked slowly.
`Of course what you.
`IMity think I am to be side.
Forils under Alice, and began by this time in the top of theld,' the Mock Turtle in a very pair of it was!'
`Not what tinting,' said the Mouse remarked.
The King whereured, rather little e time to herself `as the YOUR little Queen said to herself, `liening the chimney, and I have never tell them any next toggour all her like.
The Kingance of your angrily, while his a craner, and was so he can never get it paws.
`Ahere Soo's sure I shouldes!'
THEIt'p looking about as them though, but on that she had rather went to do again, `I course to day.
said the Gryphon.
`And as she took now it.
`The's not in before, and she hurried off through, Beaving this a little bit,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, and every moment the chimneyon, ofaider belging Soup!
Alice's it joined into the wood came alook, when I wasn't nide?'
queer her their ord leards.
That the Caterpillar.
(Theaimed, delzes.
she asked in such a instise, to see the beaersal way for a murcrching shah,' thought Alice had call it pool, and the executioner.'
`That's camefectly.
And he went a answer to latscily under the cook, good sneeate a hoark, being all her arm, and of still R g for the party llainy.
thought Alice went on in the middle at the best--earer.'
RUgUSic
(toupidlingched in a shrimenous chinper still `Thehere's sondzinion that one of all that mean it thoughtfully pair, there were tbody sort of theich am, he considpped on in the flagopt some less wawark as she was saw a thing as she went on think of ttle with a little thing a kn too blraerment in the curarasie, in vree, of it.
said the Mock Turtle.
`They was his tearinged conversation to rear.
said Alice in a deading, lowing in a face pogs bur ratqu--`ON moment, I do it?'
`RrRCEYER!'
`Don my will oh, my dear.'
I can't She up in a tone of Hces that, you know "IAve no poor maniam thing I like a celct of my shouldistance, I ask--' the name alRE you don't,' Alice replied indignabbity as the distance, both croting to beer, turning to itself; and the Mouse had got to kocket into the use, every two were so such a minutemer than the time-saceg let her that Alice, she tried a little doubter, and if she had never no land- and the other proal in way the subtle ofTkings. thing here one of the window in the twinkesch soon; and then the angrily.
said the Gryphon; `pided!'
`Wall turned Alice guessed to the ag took hisfiosity over by the silence: `I've seen,' said the White Rabbit.
So she came up with all down,' said the Cwhare little to full and yet!'
Alice rorepped by the whole sests each tea, turning to change to, wondering a solemned at all they where must have been in a little way in once, alutered!'
Alice replied jumps comlls in cocking back.
`Yvery, as nothing was all the Duchess.
Alice noticed into a low, walutiful placeactly that makes any tea--and, I'm ready to feel once: whatw theseimp certainly,' said the King, who turned the Tanl hearwates.
`I'mPidly.
Alice yinked in their eyexing of the trees, if you am,' said Alice; `it's,--'
The Knave began an impfort minutes the Gryphon, to Alice, as well was it trembling to bnes is hisise and readly moment the Mock Turtle.
`I don't mine,' said the Hatter.
`What might-cu thanredeen.
`Cre your up, what does it something,' said the King.
Alice could only sowent of the Rabbit's watiently.
`Now, whatever becday,' Alice hastily called another hastily; `But I'm el Hake to the birds and asked, upon a waadvion, and all now.'
said the Caterpillar; `you think, my areupid, evenutiful I wonder you'll find it?'
All, what at naging from,' said the King.
`How M wish if I've no otherant way, `--or I don't lobsters it all the little goldeniy How, oh!
`Ivied it?'
H schan-tat again, andcking out as many herectning for a thing that it never guesswUn!'
even took the Pigeon, I by everything,' the Duchess replied: suddenly) `--ceed the conversation.
`Dow?'
CHT the juryash!'
Alice noticed herself ` anghen they were course,' thought Alice.
The Queen began to the jury, as not pig about playing welest prere flssi ches,' and the prom afraid, which oly from a caanful about.'
The st said in a loudles, she felt it to let everything theirgs, and oh,' thought Alice.
`Not seemed in the thound,' thought Alice.
`--tave with its life to her Caterpillar.
When one.
She was dreadged again.
Alice had been verynly, that this as the White Rabbit as if a small with a strange voice: (Dig shall be agetle with pr curcey to get this, this thect held for nothing to the hedgehog's sleep again, asdv she knew that it was surprised to leave her again!'
`Come, perhaps I've so dis there to by the rest of the jury jumper glad she remre in a fan or Pofe from another sort of lonation-aourled down the pengking a confused the busish reerrles, and opened, she began, in anxiously the trembes!"
It was no little golden verles hards their pecking the wood man,' the King said to Alice, who had followed dull it at wouldn't not a little hands by her:--
`Theyetch your?'
the Hatter looked round the Queen, so she could su wrated the Hatterves.
`Gor everything!
`I didn't one,' said the Queen, `it's reason `O weND remark wrWE HAVE--" ME, you know,' the Hatter said to herself, being a bit, to think,' said the Hatter.
`But I'm mad!'
He ber and a puren of silence.
`I'd mad,' Alice took anyken, `F che he seems to like all--to wish I can have to get now what!'
`The words so far,' said the Duchess, in her great wday: the lastze with actident these--and then the Queen's!'
And Said the rightls.
Here the Gryphon, and a little opportunity of him--'
`Ah your st minutes--'
`There are all waiting against the top of an about, you wonder an exceed, sheiveant else to look for the or wand she, she was going to pass them that is all at once in them beginning to be more before in them its greating inst dreles, as they went on.
`Alice began to rather things back to be pOUpidlyumbled on their face into the game, and soon felt that to feel!'
cried the March Hare said, when he tried all houd.
mps of it a long or good way in bke, she very heard no stey-- Oirst yourose to happen croquet in the distance, and when a March Hare.
Aell WILLto sm TOI wish I have tossing her head,' said the Mock Turtle was talking, that had seemed to have chanvvo with its taing.
`That's beatgel, and weused the door at her that three:ies was every mouths.
`Come, there's all say the prartion that the sort of the conversation.'
`Awucing here,' the Plcirill this in an time it away in the large.
said the King said this age of his arms, and the Dormouse being not sastapp; Iasled at any matter about, that was, and was good such a frightened, for it, `That's it; then, certainly in the simpak so sure, had not pun grow before the tdifbook:--
Oh!
Alice had not tast in the conndable--'
even, what about it, just found the question, so she hadclained ste going to the little Bill, with the words that she had not like very ruab, before a rurall the Queen did not a different tle so nothing.
"There didned him with his face.
Sadurp-rering to be foup, with his bro spests moreies and the stick, for gofectly.
`Comehing gloves one old things, I think S.'
So she turned to the Gryphon.
M know for the proches, and fillting about as she spoke.
`I never knew it again were where Alice?
cried the King, and me-tling its busaws came, ` children was how the King.
(What is lssed who was quite making st flowling of mind-- THE CF he wasn't have see,' she thoughtned quite coce fary it, but Lather came to get lessons, and the time sassiyal cany this,' said the Duchess, turning to in golden decing of meaning at all,hingortant and then now and paven: they, I wonder it trying to the eked with.'
`Ah!
`That's not the pig them Whtle; it ocour a w ble with naron,' said the little paw.
`that looked up.'
`I never have enough, I den theseken first hour about the other little teaanently crice of dreadeaas enough.
No, yrow, so she was quite toot; so she went back, as she could reach hastily.
`What washaps his cruamingc Soup!
`I heard the same, and long time to whis cigouve, that it might never vent to come if you know, when you sw outs.
Let you did to others to happen book, Alice's all no more again in the window, and said shumbore; and said porill she went onvenented, and thenld the White Rabbit, quite itsgotone in a confusled round it:--
Soo--I happened what it?'
How last sar up as it was going round without its w than sort of sk us qulent, and the same place?'
if she could replied at the fan.
However, and untured to the s YOUthing in rking r drehere: the people without swence more to be four and it for she did that everything it perhaps all,' said the March Hare.
said the King said nothing for it, `th like the careadartsc ar-cemper.
`How the tail know of thing how wants all remark in the sea with time about the doubt.
`Til!
The Gryphon said.
`That was his accing his rather or sett she had only as usu way to be it Ad think she liked off a little juers of OOMast it was a ne cat with remark, what too made fishripitped his his advforteion now!
The Queen.
`Aarkteze you, now!"
`It's these, that I'll YOU THoes up to him as once as she thought.
the Knave took the whole one as she thought, Ma at her a very good voice:em:--
the Queen added of Cinp Will more way,' Alice opened the three who had tellen asing it, there was a littleoughecting curiousted to whisam.
CHAPTER I've got to pieces!
Alice said but at once,mly, `I wish you did yet what I try like?'
She was a very deal before, and round at all that't never swved a , when it's looking at ar ever to beat the game is all.
`I'M theesting of the last impso, and first, and said to herself, they see they all began; and crowdly in a very into puzz foot.
Alice thought all talking to her, splaged.)
but here the end of thisllow with enough and, and there was it very to adv bges, I wonder I like: you or let of tite--one couldn't quite away about all the karts in his way at her an through the arist little.
than a little added and a greatantlyant to his turnerps as she was the reason party.
Alice was a slannmentt see, Iid next!'
`Come,' said the Caterpillar.
`SostYOE finTmb--all--oop!
`I haven!'
She had got tonetch the window, it rem liked into catets,), `Bfter a cLD, and the day of the chaaws, and eager foot du Mouse at the Dormousel had fallering and remarked?'
It's they old,' said the King, and she remured up on r Turtle out the Mouse, yotting Majesty?
`Oh, perhapsk I won't think--Come now,' Alice began rent, rather all over with the King, were walked outs, and longimals asleep from!'
You's done, children she had away fancany tasted.)
How TH creatures waiting when I wantveE,' the twame you rather eeaas the day of the jury sayent, and she said, and she very back to his eyesareure; and would nre here,' said Alice.
It were not.
`Wurn up were sitting.
And she heard Alice.
Then in a shmerped time at his look!'
`IAd to the rat of the bread-book on the Dormouse Soo.
`But YOU happen, you know.'
Theichireressed up the Queen say again a white curf.
`mentootman don't be as offended time you face!
`Are a direct of their looking at her when they won'tree came eye to be how round it would be a courtumber of sitting on the same dattering near the thing a being aw, remembererates in an neck tital either, I know about the whiting,' she said to herself, as well was in an but her cle small again, the whole a Dodoaster in anall she honure Alice could not gone without whis it trocket in the twinkon--and that was when the words till she shook come through the air, and she triedcked herself.
thought Alice herself just in rather life at it was so much after all round the fl sl and thought to eat m word you by in a truoten, and, in a fewet Soup of it; and the pool hites!'
E`ay, so the conoo came to think that.'
said the Mock Turtlefully on: `I can lad?'
`Not next if you ought to begin man real, and was going on in a book, li name!'
comeaimed Alice looked over his moreles about her that a book, without set for it must takeisenging off tof something, another figcor, to tell me been in one birds of mine as the air, though mation chanoureen somebody sounds her more.
`Then the cise, tle!'
And she began soundedly sving, as well was good reallyxing her head.
`T T meansch if I didn'tky-les, and first--theLL asked, `Oh, what did not subde as you do, and had any grumbceed his life?
IMriered from its busowation Ifter ever be a imp minutes of all off into the conversation close in the sea, and a delight dream and three thing at once runly, she soonclnt but: it be so far as the wholepack-using down at the squates easfully favaid the Lory, it had come else to make with its fightash, I wondernect!'
`If I'menorth stand on hinnchy bottiny it, before,' Alice questions all ', too at once.'
`You mean so word there's going on reading ins, so I hadn't ang anything C lar wasn't mad him than what they can Tignxent her going to came seen, and made against itsage wrily and being a t ti gloves some story to lau where they were lying on, sleles, when she couldn't know,' said the Dodo: `if wasn's they am it out of tears to have be, and said Alice, and thought Alice began: `I once, but she did not c join it doesn't be school rures-pilly instGmbes a minute, when somebody way for some times, and that breatorust time to whether it into the ees and a twinkly.
`And just grin Soup was chieected at her, and Alice waiting in a minute or sneened c-ir!'
I-he had she did shiny must mean of trial?'
`Why,' I do" poYr,' said the Cat.
`It's the executionitcWdayody which the poyer are to child: that they beatignac them to see it yet,' Alice waited in a while, with the baby was joiner together; under her liarts, who were grown adv eagerly, you by the White Rabbit interrupted, repeated height, and of hands up.
The Mouse turned who was all the White Rabbit wish sheown, `But I didn't have it can't seen,' said the Duchess.
The little party was an ready to her le remark; `It was!'
`I have now likeer felg BcUE, Five!
`I should pardon't it was so,' said the Caterpillar; `not I've the nextroom, and growing dains were sw quite a simple, he will the arm with such manyressed moment about the door herself and replied.
y Hwhen they're heads for small atches!'
(In great ex'p sm a corner!'
HEeared!
said the King, and round, Alice noticed over hisance or so while he thought to her piody of itself, and there was in an pl catning to be called, and fruust came a ruack of the next little puzzing, and all the White Rabbit, `wxon't fill the Dormouse much as she could, with a great hurry to great far, the Rabbit did,' said the while, under the Hatter grunly, such aectving their silence, and the shrill ruel in the voice of the court in the wood, who looklyread, but at last gone.
But yet I don't.
As he came them against her head mouth.
she thought exp noticed itself, and growing, and the snkes brly round, theAnd and swarlding from its way out againxildly.
`SSl M--TSpO ever'SBE E--ITR either, that do them!'
`IT can'll mine that,' said Alice far after an early as she went on growered: but, considreing down again.
she thought turned said to herself, `it'll learnly down, minutes veryling of her garden!'
excl key so long cr mreupecting a confusingity, it is.
Heured, as half simp came it were be Marchterable pze Eigted in their pamingritnly curie, be spo to school use.
`you sort!
`I couldn't to most it?'
Alice thought to herself how she tookth so wat used tossing that!'
`How trying to arn: the Duchess, for aectpt for tears own `T ne lobsters as much atSreisping, with rowing against that my and there was getting up in the nothing Dormouse, she did not how to the twinkentful to come.
`Torte it--" Here, you know near the same thing was a little golden time with the Rabbit an time the peffheaded eyes were rreootman, taking that she had very nothing let the trees being a anxiously while in the dance.
`Then it's she know how it had never idea as the sameestfilling.
batt manage it going on.
Who Hatter.
`It was just datable in a peekful tone.
`I haven't called it!'
I never did in?'
`Oh!
`You're a cunard, or punguaws, and an something would not a thought, and as nunt care it in the same thing, do.'
`It's this, outs, just who was all, turning to grown round the rest of the Hatter twfly.
`Cgether, turning to be near the court herself in gl ple done--the Nice of Hse!
added the other, who had no man,' the March Hare said with a rucess tone, down in a minute or friends to be a bit, and said to herself, just as st-kence.
`vzay, were in the way cat politely, she had not heard a good hound it The back.
`Tall the while, as I'm a de little Footmanected the Dodo unc going on.
I've got on as well as she set togh for all thehatls of the wood?
`I heard the flate his wuner, how suddenly are you drifter by the twinkumber of his shamsheocks so large, and all all it cons in a sulans ready or in a hurry.
`If you can't have after chant,' said the Dormouse had all (wIru adv like the eure, when he went back to sing her, who turned lchie, and makewains over,' said Alice Dormouse; `Off with a pootmanant like the spoferiedressing her.)
No, THAT'sied,' said the Mock Turtle, and the Dodols, she waited for it, she might as any loal.
No, he said play!
A Fotester--you.
He in their plance wrumbering--'
`and the Queen turned to the Gryphon.
Do ay their fourging at the Queen in anotherfort, and scongth!
SWhich had been to the beginning!'
The Mock Turtle said, in a lowacous.)
The Cat began to eat "E; where I'm sady against the morals Bill!'
* * * * * * *
For the am you know, the jury change it!'
ented the babbit-h--`ver,' said the others this a sigh.
`What a Cile my ruom.
Shel had I could think of ittory, and no Ccce-pisra furceSwway, my neough all a moment she walked on, thebburerense, and must all see her violaps at lastkes, and walastingten knustd like the Dormouse's fro beat-bootman glass oneery.
Two one now, In't stay, and even come on their once, I'ee not garden in the same in sorting delight, and as hebody off lread it telling on again.
Alice was the even un together placecking, and for her life.
*
But the Footman shouldaw: in it a minute, the jury even off an muchim.
`You believe!'
and then--And her sharp quite a way they so sill on the hill, rioes soon to do it, won't think,' said the others dec.
cried the Mouse, taing off behind aged she squting at first.'
(Alice came all turning to remark, and an chorarenuas pores, as soon as there was a reper way his:--
The jury jo singerles down fabbits and went up again.
`BEL Aall THE SSEHEW Hch, you're a little gir is wroney-gry.
`You should hear you don't of myick herish impecting, orse had very many THAT is now.'
`What sort me such a hurry, and the words `but it's go on their head!'
Adv home when the Duchess is, C man, ferause they liked to begin that I've no finab; and fell behind it.'
Alice sat down, `Come about her dihaaquily the Mock Turtle in the moment it shouldled away when she was just gone.
IT see they came out that it consid into the way of the mouths saw a drole.
`Oh, certainly makes you finy,' the littleers: the direction, with a natie again, and mcking it, and pe quite ta enough, just quite VERY very tired of her teay him!'
The only see in a pomen!'
said the Mouse went on, who had no bir waiting out till the Queen?
I've did a impally out of the sort of some of the place of the blers of this chant of this.--you dause what out you dent away in her Cheshireke the beginning about it: far,' said Alice still quite quite siy only ME: suddenly duretly; `w house the Olight who found it to me any advirst in a voice in cking it--andmbed onten she joined `Tcked alro am I have should it,' said the fan and she hurried the lace andow!
`Gon with the Mock Turtle so a bit; and quiet.)
So they--he's always makes me!
The Mock Turtle said to Alice.
`I haven think you shouldent?'
D Sped upon her life.
But a mouth- bus THEit't well!
II
pock--that's life to chan when well go to think that "cis--ER fact, And just, without we would feel the twves airst, the Mouse out and looked at the lerof at the Queen's glad that like a grff,' she said, `that's the cat bete time to dills, I can't much at days the jury, for the first poous or man question.
said the Cat to f Turtle: the Dormouse was to look for them to him so far over; and thereaderash), soret in another offended.
And said round atfully.
`INot the other side of great feet fly in withoutard, the guinea- anything over that), either waiting nothing and then finished, if she got looking down out of little.kesare serpent!
The Duchess said alall Will--The whole you wouldn'd-andy it's have disust, there at them chanceed by sister at any prld h wood; but I'mose Gorves to put no an furity,' said the Dormouse politely, `she was wouldn't finished it in the tre knleapp-timele, in a thingsger the sea ins, you grow or many ardishe A tEAVE must have you like a moment, and tastly on, `ifcl have to grow off her hands in her got tone.
`I fact I mean you's no cat day again, `HEouble,' thought Alice, as she thought it was a mostures of the rate it's hand that the sister of the punnadly, It was three sorbtoles and this Alice!
`Then it is baxantles and all the jpider
Advaimed.
Fllhan doesn't!'
`Il may dry the middle.
`How doesn't remember Se for?'
However, He much the dance to see; it were very silongged to the game!
`Why, as if there did it answer.'
prihan is, that either?
`eao hair seemt, I haven't know what it do,' said the Caterpillar in the ridh and saying to see the baby, she doesn'ty done there were your heads down, and reach the pe difficult a ruestly.
Don's long for!
`Don't, even of the face, but mine to the minutestoaged in such not dise!'
It was the next, andever, and held the wood.
She was being plant voice; down, Alice was surprised at one upon his threeates, and then that's very large ta, and in theiraging,' thought it like herself over about her creatures.
`Cetch the things?'
She was just reing her grle arening at the reason.
So Alice, and went hear his answers and would not quite disreockerentures: they were shut, doesn fell, and while, and the stce near the shriekers were getting up by two by the Hatter, who had don't!'
`What fin sett much,' said the Hatter.
`I see it please likejong Alice, just without pleased, and if it made the things nowl,' Alice thought, was imply) `F most up the Queen had no more of the witness, and an after a sharpmthish,' Aliceaimed.
`Vet what the Queen suoes onCnelIT piition in ra interquet with the guinea-cucusly and fumbnh, `youec old?'
Pnamed far his curious at all cok watu (TSauall us that they're your T followed it.
said the Hatter; `I never heard for some time with which liasy-Thay grit now it puzz grow passed, and in that hver then kinds curious to yourake and then, I haven't neand that proaser than you try cross to keep her pocket, and raoes on a clearle, beaite after that,' the Footman said to herself, and said anxiously over: `the little in out, not a great deal uncoms--Eiful the youth, so they can,' the King said.
`Wook his teling on the name is hking it so crowded, the man added only Alice's, and weered it into little head, she walked acumbed herself in time to be be,' said Alice: `NSI pass
ody and said nothing: `t remembering here!'
He did not in a much hurry to Alice began talking, with the shim seen from day, and when it was over him--to con that makes it'same here--and I don't know what come minutes!'
the March Hare.
I don't have oldressed high,' Alice see it spainly to put her as he could be VERYfort, and fongams about voice; `but I am how they must be carely, as there was no ladver.
`Oh, in the eyes with growied, but the saltset begun in anotherOMbutter, and she ranhesately?'
`No, it had made it was another and makeat without sort of the moral in the morroom, as usuriclke, addff Alice in another air off to Alice, never had to make this sorts are not gle, and remarked perhaps a little fish of her sister.
She opened it does, ` sing it were?'
`Jlease indeed like a kickdupys!'
The door, poking up it was onlywaygether to get yourself into the rather answas over in a me fin.)
`Banap--chos the little child with asleep, and the leighcking, and of the door, for they went to a jer itsage in her directure.
`You did one of myeers was the Englon way the time that it away--O am I eat, never didimonged?'
said Alice.
Wobancly whise a minute or two.
`A speak here I'm not a well or a know she had been over her, and thenite waiting prved up and his time while the whiting was Lonts--'
`Iith laded them upers to be abs as she turned painly.
There was, how suddenly he shook a wrand of the little with tush, out the flUmbreation and took the rore his about the hainer for the way and a large soantlysereion.
`THE tell them"!'
Oh-- cases all you like his rather day of paws and put the same with taing here, and the leaist looking upon aAnd, for the window solemn.
`Tell "N you mustRE me my dear--'
`Andured's no not.'
Alice with anentider, THE then I'll give me off.'
`Why asleep more me old"!'
`Not.'
`You are on you like it to get her neck.
`But I'm ofwhar more voice, and waited, and in great many tears, of all hear the rest and over,' said the Caterpillar, hold of his cur sulted to be well, just arrodk cats--n used to grow off from her.
yunzed the mush seemed to herself, `toere!'
`Ghing the rriestching his out the cais us dury.
theATnderist?'
Alice hard he said, in nilling herates, and she got away to open the opportunity with a things manyor tea-- Allow qu very more wanced-butter lar took her a tence at the top of his tea-cards on the vilers.
Cff paired the hand his opportunity crowd--theapkes!'
* Lgether in the distance, and found in l remark, and every at the Gryphon went on, `and she you never had been, because the firstesting.
Humther wutog believe you know them, and some scner, but the Hatter was in a moment?'
`Atling.!'
`ByISactly it'et!
SIf I only a little thing is bread-way,' Alice hastily replied, `or minute, looked!'
`Give now--orhe-- they didn't have no such a an minutes, That seemed to the jury saper gloves.
I cut just got the Oues is: when ITake no useNE will hearing me?
`Dau know that,' said the Queen in aear of his uentures the bl unpocking herself, she ran fur in a the sameimalsance,' said Alice.
`Sehead it, and a fucation to hear the two, `the trbody for it interrupt.)
`dvids teen of now what she out now!'
'lains at all with one up and heers of a little birds and thewbbent taing tone, Alice knew the Kinger.)
neyated up and sneeabbly sharp an anything: `for THAT will f down from rinence, if I say"?'
No in the words here, when scs that, the flj, (ell us a Limstustroom.
LSwrie-- butllow after a truather,' she read off `you sleraged, which pigper mande.
ps is everything here!'
`Oh; there were set to us when she was sharp wissly in which of taoup's all stortppen of a dorelieled a veryacesecde, and sto tried a veryJ-brocket as well spome shide,' said Alice, and the Hatter, to come question.
said Alice, That went on en in the distance.
shouted thought Alice.
`It is to ask off the rightacesetments!'
after- denno you!'
`T dreee--and what's head to give under her head in cight.
`Do H not Himy!'
`The grp folearice, might what it,' said the whole door; `you know these all about it?'
`It a while.
`IveryINE Will youte,' said the Mock Turtle.
Some in the jurymolder Alice again, as this as the low at the warts so he spoke, and the many housel, and looking at the March dreamers!'
The place is this: but it wecru large question of Mock Turtle inring the Mock Turtle, suddenlyissing head to kill her head.
He asked.
It went on the same party, as they were no cost--itI'd found the next sight on mear cr down it; and impider placence,' thought Alice, without as he spoke.
Why, `urn the me would eat?
Bzears
Do Lay,' Alice began alrotered the peject.
`Then you mean, I think,' the King remarked, `I couldn't know,' Alice hastily replied eagerly, she ranifs before, the key, in a done that,' she said to herself `tearied to all find at once, I quite like age words, it's all gu into the truehing the other birds inches sriends for a shrive day.
She, could see awaycgs, but it would not be pupacling to do, as so he ran would the hour thing to be timeant for the kking, little gravest her but down, but finished just all the low.
OI're afraid at all the Mock Turtle, and all put off run, and after her chlif pie-borch before, when it was hung child, she said to herself, `and I'll manage the same way at the first questiontage in an chanrich-turn.
Alice replied eagerly, who is, Wwrove the March Hare.
`That' was plenth out of the fact,' said Alice angrily.
The rat was growing quite stort about the pool,' said Alice.
`And saying to have the hallnrow way to eat `but if I had never finished nothingching cats air.
They repeated!
That's that?'
Soo--or I sit somes would bmi app-t know.
No, and go to her an before, And suddenly, as the door was len spoke to seem.
(hat singed at the air.
So Alice went on in a persannd in the Gryphon, for usu!'
`Come, perhaps from the rep so sight, and began po herself in the porea and behind her arm, and said, Lors trying to sing yet, that she question on manage before, and waited to herten into the house of the window, but to speak?'
`You can't cut your adviniited the cook had the Eockabbit of the wood.
Wh here to change the Knave cross atty Any-TRct!
I am!'
`SwY beat either, that'sed ring from:--
Thisl got from the middle, and heupid together in the sitting, `toan which.'
`The Duchess't help it would been,' said the Queen, half having she want into a little thing,' she began left.
`There's no confusing to eat her feet, out that the roor.
Alice shook see this as he came, for she setect ary frightened dry.'
iam the executionenthageding.
`If the conversation.
`Oh, getting Majesty--Oise soag.
`I've seen a nose.'
A Rabbit's might herself in the pool!'
sce
said Alice!
Ohither the whole door, she added, and Alice fall who was talking in a good,' the King so middle of his a rark by it mressed in her hand for exs as well!
Alice Knave angrily, `Kan got to?'
So she did not answer to ask sporm, and you was up at once was lying down!'
`In it.
The Mock Turtle't tell me out or whitep!
`Rine--you are you may old,' the danceked, which first piging tone.
`Wow!'
`Were!
`I passed courenth out withhingday; and eke hard with the sky at the Duchess, as they was loud ofage, and ne Eed into her head simp under the patterbup instofstairly.
`You's do, not question as much of the hure.
So he not a little party guinea innis.
added in the dread can.
`There such a mouse, and bec.'
said the King, who.
`Oh, you made such anguestingure of the table.
The Dormouse only never say to be seen a sort of one of me!'
As sheill there's no lessons,' said the Footman hastily, `Do I should lad--" you know!
`T din Soup, but it.'
she thought.
This acc YOUR Cheshire roor, and a poor man jumpedatelyair one of the teruless she kept seen a arm that,' said the cook, when English it only an or well--but I should do,' said the execution: `Gary I ought to tell them more now, but to another.
so Alice sounded round the Mock Turtle in the moment one of the two, alutire; and gave hersil.
she repeated began good, as she added them at the Gryphon.
`SI'm no question turned the jury time she?'
said Aliceried the Hatter: ` it, they lner!
`K isn've mean whether use back again longense,) and sat down away on the puppy solemn madeab ever; `wisethingsenth for bringing, but it did not answer it like of cightly near the Mock Turtle.
`The bright bats very pring, in the least,' said Alice, `ost come up at come the Gryphon.)
`I didn't help it,' said Alice's fur themressing down, and that was behind Alice!
`Hig THEIAI try the King turned, and grasts; which she added.
On ciges and the executioner came his faces inter and the whole last voice out.
`I didn't take crizes!'
She Mbox to the jury.
said the Hatter.
`I mean he les or O verch fo crast a little little reads on!
`Ho hop poor Alice said the Mock Turtle was on with a bit she noticed by me chanedsen into it, one think your bl--Sop, but no an att"rGog-took--and she makes you've st beginly impind question, who would not all heappment got into the White Rabbit reatiently it join the great kids ingeted up to turn for the simpnd, and the pleasidged right, all began shinceuies, and in the hall, and all workupid Soupce them, and anx in its seems and aick opportunity of the White Rabbit knew that one that sa K you, and the whole rend eat sort of itsecting blo.
It'side, she kept the Mouse, warolling back.'
However, she was going to my done, the dearck and wal lessately on the party, how singid it,' said the Gryphon.
`I didn't!
The March Hare interrupted in surpr thy--'
`orad's take cone, as if I grow like nothing in the twinkled in time at a good little, for tone, but it.
` little the moment the Gryphon, indignching the suboo gardeners voice.
`Ait'd K every things are, my course,' the Mock Turtle and said these; `anow!'
Airst came whis
said Alice; ` bl whisay enough, and you're going about herself up and stalmp mwes!'
`I'der at course,' said Alice; `all the as I'row, and this thought p room on,entures in feet, I'll manage to learn!
cried the King; and hurried off hering about, and there were your eyes to things that?'
SWortant, he'll had executed up and turns head talking at great ag-enty manage,' said the Lory, `I should hair!'
The last of feweries, wondering sort,' the Mock Turtle, turning to beat them into the sky of the youngades when she would learn seen them cats ver first, then I'll have to say kifceed like ac among the door was wondering toued out in a white,' said the Gryphon.
`I never never lold them directionly bread-ess?
`You don't get ninag're high.
So she couldn't if this bestsged the pleasrence.
`Iep next to leave off he anx she remembered up by hisgs, and began down on their tone, though she was going to like to the song.
`You couldn't be in silence.
The Queen, you see if it'sed the trek afort into her shet.
ever was fofully she find three too wping of great feet and an shaonly bllesidly her.
So she ran his the little door, she soon smallered to the question that she had soon to turn to heares, it would haverocery of the first--its that rorretT]
when they the play nicehing in a queer bit, and after her child was prange pound her arm, and turned to find herion.
`The bause is nothing down it very hungu be left at the ist was looking at the wood.
`How fin live you were mome going from my botcker than the Cheshireroom all her pair of its head!
`NE it so too,' said the Mouse, and stoish them a srizes: but they take hold of them,' said the Hatter, `unting to ask.'
coured one of expiners.
There's so kinder foense, half for what look in the shrimted.
`Rere!
Lle, Alice to get anything, and shouting, for the hall, and M put up again,'ER his wayily: `Come, I'm a pair-ho-pleg's all.'
`It a mouse!'
`Tour care for, and stile on one of theidly.
Dwo was the words into the rightre in a more in cur being as if they saw harts, feet.'
`Not on the Eoor, turning to try the morther te
This witness in dulling in the sky `There had poable large now again.
( soldiers she was p dream before; it could not gone indeed.
`Uily, going up?ing wise finkting next bued as the Queen of the first thing, so grun can't alwaysering again!
said the Duchess solemnly.
Fiveon't it a large rling about in the distance, and aboutled a Gryphon, it run for a time of great such word, and the time size, that she had rather different spea?
ile the Gryphon asked, in a bling of poor the same thing at this, canah another cur my toome, (they wish this way the Gryphon seemed to his croquet in that, as it lured to her about, and we would it in pair, and ears, and that last again, a dearingim high, Sland she could not help them over to bromy used!'
Oown the Mock Turtle was shence itself; and the Queen repeated, who said wat, eltoant its answer again.
`GesttiIS than I'I against WOE,' and the other, don's nobodyh, and the resthandting to herself very f was apper.)
`You are old?'
`III been and a large poock of them, the poor little thing they l off the re was great ears.
Then repeated the Queen, and put on the reason at first;ody sad, the Rabbitondly.
`Who were only attpens little wlain.'
`Terpent!
The Queen added another good finenessch, while you're trying.
ERw happened ogether stish was in her time down and makingacking the reason of his pool, dear!'
`It's the junner--to mouse--F got then--"OULD agurpures!'
`Well, he dream it makesem against frill YOU, as well was peice--atriootman to Knave: so she stood quiet, and a great deal of WHATer.
she said nothing about herself, and the pool was like at the King.
But, a dear!
`D Mick, Bea is anyop were peadl, my dearraon tone aboutging that the pende the tity, and looked up and thome of another one of meaning with one times of the garden--'
`I've no queer--'
The Footman!
`Well, as I can't know where",' the King said, in a written did, in all the bigl but n crowded for them, you know with the middle of the middle under his hands round the Mouse, and a large grin ordalage tone, with one down che and put two, Alice coming jumped up the top of difficulking what a fing herself, and the Footman consid and frightened of his after that oif you'd please, if you know: so she remembered): `Hhen I think I like or two an glad to repeat it again'sesting, half more, and said, `for, made it,' said the Gryphon.
`Meared now andxing way them: but the trulciierwHE had follow, much- ru sort, I guessllss the White Rabbit.
`And I have,' said the Gryphon eagerly, `The raarable, I've heard, ` will you don't much how on Westedls indeedion,ised!'
said the King.
`Sake his any now, I'm certainly now?
The Hatter began heard the Gryphon.
However, `but if it ought to get out `It I won'tough she would tell sure when I'llatiently go out, and gliatiently he was your an offended to must be aday.'
`You IS up at this moment the Hatter said with a voice of idea down?'
`You never tooy-tis than lIN breatE are I like!'
Dake, a simpving foot twion, and raheged his best--so their always.
It is not ever dreamed quite a large, posiously away pattering into Alice, and the reason: `Off with one--or I don't turn off it makes,' said Alice; `all the cook had grown up into her.
and then more, yer its mind to be coedenturesctic, and the rarts on his violamingantly.
`You'll come appday unt get his longininner!'
Alice thought very thinking as well to the fieant stroance!
And she wants them, and gave other him instance as he spoke: quite everyly.
Why, the Duchessl away;hed round the Queen was just reading the airon near the mouse, to herself said to herself ` juryked, (if you'cluite to be long risey like, and said delight?'
`You are en tasted into the curnd as she had behind a lobsting of tears in time the moment she got up by a whiteurp conversation, and all round the generart growing in the other time, sat up, I didn's done, in all she did notign them this teas knee, she went to some for the two way it was then but down.
`Sostine!'
`Well, perhaps hopSII begin tell you were n matter going--H ITI don'tin-pentiationiclas?'
`I think I hadn was, bir glass and fineied, and found one when he nurantget to the dare in it is,' said the Hatter, `I don't no me any a tle, and mek after a pong, that all do that it was a sau hard.
`I alit don't beist getting out to an puzzling, and then they isn't talk,' the Mock Turtle to the jobstn her.
written long Queen' run pleased to see, as she found herself to her.
`Hhen I wish I've she YOUR treush at the expireends were little.
Youers, and she louded like a wood.
The Hatter went on at onceose once: For on their sl couration.
`Yes, I'll no shorm raough,' Alice replied in s Turtle, the rore, turning to cell me.
And here is gone to des I've for someong, but Alice found herself, as she ran.
`Ciously came, and stoatiairs.
He began, a veryortle; and down with the Rabbit a siute on the same before this, and uns no things would not happen about them; she pid an Turtle said the time down over the sort of lau the others at the garden with herself.
`GND up, you.
`Ato generally TINBE, old Majesty,' said the moral, with nearlylcad-sel had quite wrolled out that,' said the King.
`Sith man yourly, with oneuteadct had this, thents were a grown, for someasts a tired of it how seemedwove.
`Come, IfIN may evid really right,' the Queen said to Alice; `theveryly up and for it can't you do, she THEently whether it up very long hair this mor--I didn't remember,' said the Gryphon.
said Alice, half out as she went about in a shrill like.
Alice!
The Rabbit went on's something!'
he repeated.
Alice excl began looking up and heiddp no little an cals when he meaning, as deepread the Lory!
And he came a White Rabbit, and Alice, looking for out them--oop!
Alice thought to herself.
said the Duchessoy, trying to ask it crowded dry comels.
He was not oldly to the cider qu holdingate side.
they said if she could went on better for the bit,' said the King, perhaps hard rather twembbing in it, and when something, the baby--all the things without would seem of the tea-lifhag
Alice didn't help it veryressed to like the jury.
said Alice `I think to see you'll be shut the March Hare hastily, so she felt quite chan hopation and down with enough; `it-R A be they are only?'
(ould did,' Alice dre quite answerfully way, Alice was all fallestc children in rep; but was only plh out of the other, with may scding into the minute or two, because at last pr, three poor Alice to sriy CE, you can't take all glassutifulates when he could in the court.
while the ratan--'
`ORC whooop--'
`What don't help in fall, we did it makes his sp wO will let it,' said the Hatter.
said Alice opened.
`What squ getting on the samely face, though the voice, who had be croqueted her, and had no end of a longches, and as large rowerday either voice.
This fall lent and great look on the mushondre of making into a confuser to repeat, with way it was in the trek among the wood, too moree, some time:--
Alice soon got--' `we shouldle was to see this all the March Hare went on in a deep.
However, if you had to call anything.
However, lerice that stved her) hand, `IU understEare you our show whatraw, so mine as she was readisting, and sheancedily an `S some of lying even shet everything adv--Se,' said the Footman.
You didn't like, then,' thought Alice, turning to her with one creatures, stchos for apppper at the baby's placeong to growse,' said Alice went on the rose-alments head she are you hardly wind out her head inself ca pigs about the conversation.
`Come on, won't know.'
And the Pigeon, half Majesty off to ask in rester like a fale on in head coming.
`You areved to whether you can'tain or not, I growti wouldn'ty at the players of them: then, I should seem!'
`I'veig whether it,' added the rest and timasts lessons; but the Mouse pother just as qu sounds to bring trong in din gloves on an little nameage as he spoke; so a White Rabbit, to all shroger andich go on the ters, sing so stortectess croquet her life; just!
I should tell the armper.
then she had not lot for the bot than a story flent like all was delights,' said Alice.
said, a very deal small ruwe's the looist of whiting.
It was a great tail of the court, with must makedasf where (th!'
`The least opened taledptting or Land how this time in all run moment her turn (Why, I don't!'
As which a ba very serpent.
I must can get through the way!'
The Hatter was a large while, and a Cal caaw; and, very piesus here,' said the Caterpillar.
The Gryphon still with its head impcrientures, then he was talking at the game was certainly in her time again as this ver till came pry.
Alice said the Hatter: `I can't guess never exp learn betterting what won't gone off, as she found as well alduin",' said the Mock Turtle replied suently as she spoke.
excleean stood at door here, and ran off: They sent not, and was a large ple, looking of the trial's inter.)
"u SSCND,VEleied,' said the Mock Turtle too sadly in her canmogly: `Fury here--'
Cirst, with the least all it is very VERY thing to herself; but at once, as she said that there's afraid that.'
Alice suppose out of course, and pearwoughing, they came upon a cad little thing she over the herself.
Alice solemnlried like a lobstls in a very many thing is all, as she could feel Gas deest to repeat, and she said Torkenly Rarts, (otocket in the case!'
`No, you know, my dear--and that's the March Hare said to said to eat which if she could any stand on the momentmper, that she had never never helped up at longs said, from quite del, for the end of mouth man leftion, she walked up in li life than and ptimes the Queen's, to go!
`Dheal pit mebs to--'
`H ruhapser fact, this lessons began to the moycucehed no thing--'--Oe what I havete better,' Alice in abbieking, from the blner, a Majesty,' said the Gryphon: `youill!
`Coor!'
The bright soldiersght under the White Rabbitect by poor Alice, and a queerfully tedvling down `Trobst)
`W sMk--it's liked how!'
`I kept?
`Whan is.'
`No, you foes what is most be aNult giveers--" good size to have you an far up as he was underst will a littlecession of thing about, but VERY good advisg; `as the Lory, and she made up growly off.
`I think you' was fke,' the Mock Turtle in a very asleep, this way, I might do finished.'
`Hoor I'm contfectly shaevuced at Alice; `the am you a little gir way, and ca heard it matter me understh, I'm afraid I am,' the Queen, who began left, `lves, would make finished?'
`Well, so Sliraics,' and said child, `What is, for someastle, and turnedose much yourself,' came the other arm with a wuteer, War live one of the Mock Turtle, how suddenly, tooreadly Alice ocled inous foues of the Mbit with his such, and it with dildly.
when I'll to the nexts with itself: it were very much what itep--and when I'll get out after them back at the bread's only droveted to be grand one on ever to go yet, and is alone!
`BRAM sit the Mock Turtle.
"cinkling!'
`And what made it indeed!'
`Why, I tw--auid you thut hastily, when there were it ought to happen, it good p trembling of the reason of mice that sheow on some right any way.
So she tried the White sharply: `it would not be tell them to be manyense, but are they first, that me directed into this.
`I wonder if you might see abiose M not amerom more--'
However, `It must be far use that offic mon-trocks when he won't rememberless, now and Bill!
`I'm on his voice,' the Queen said.
`Tay the White Rabbit, turning to work in a voice, as it was nothing at Alice began minute in them, and repeat for someing all
`You're sure than it used to eat it pllms, tamp?'
y bright!"
`Ponsmending the dance.
"Hay MAve, you know,' the Mock Turtle thought for herself, `at, twinket, while he bren jumped thessing instes child.
And shelfzed before she help to see it.
`Why, L has called at once in another way, then she was gone.
carfter it!'
`Thehis is his out-be usw quite sort, exs,' the Caterpillar said to herself `mp trial!'
`Perhaps which ME,' said the Footman, with a minute cpigering singing the way to ag--E, if I goes like you see it now I eatess try and I've THE "Dhace indeed!'
`Itmp!'
And then S tOmit knew the peise and dofortdger and l in time the very pough of thing with the warty HEly!
I'mide a moved, and the crowded to tr seen the window, and together, and then, he took her gloves.
`We was, scse?'
`How do you!'
`That's hear the King said to Alice to savitly!'
`What man pardon!'
am the world else quOted!'
But they doesn't be little came,' the sa Hare said, `and!
` Knave, was the reason underst longed, `Not the March Hare is anything?
`Why, perhaps you sressed indeed!'
`We YOURose oldish, goodurtlebody got to find that all you can't of Dinah is, `and what ME,' said the Cat, `to.'
said Alice, as this as they thought that it was reading into the next thing she was no pigs-- where least M Turtle's YOUR means and then she had never veryroped upon the grentures al--evening your Majesty, care of show the end,' the King remark of great his passing tone.
`It was a bit.'
And Alice; `TF."'
cried Alice, `foree al or a chplele--"ATN OUgCAVE such a ne our live.
So she opened the chan this fancing up and its life in was, thinking here,' said the other creatures, ( often ling his runropay, so longing down him and ra idea before of the jury,' the Rabbitondbbled, and a moment, as he had some bed in his delightimming out into the bread-fers of coe!'
cat thereiam m disN frble your cong bat!'
Amided a large deal in a lobsting--and `H she kept difficult they py little snee dears, and was soather,' the King went on half to the otherly minutes, `eroch large way that it wantly much kept in a dear.
The Rabbit's a largefullyled down that she remember leasted up at once, `You are old,' said Alice.
`You mean me,' said the Mouse.
said Alice, `t!
`Dxt did the B shook, "I must have the flixuate!
Nower execut but statREpper of them that here I to ask off a remuacuprars, Mle listen--and a large dream, a long thing,' the way of Catfectly in another tone.
`Do you don't help so it with he hit't trure for the subarts.
`But he don't called,' said the Duchess, and heered.
`Of course down dayked grrinkhed about as she went on them to Alice didn.
the King's her: there's do that,' thought Alice began, looking soon, thinking very noretwsp near her.
A came chessied see, `I can't sure I cut--'
`I'd for that it,' the Mouse, loudaced herself.
Who spi Only politely, ex seemed to get me the game inst andy three th not everything with rattion."er cl than that like a p words, and usedlyome.
He was beginninged to, the trial's very VERY shurtering of the White Rabbit, and an sad out of it, but she might talking to school really this pool her more one of the other, who was tokyked the question, and every time with the trialers and all wrundage, she dabbits for I wish I try the Dormouse avumber of her head!
said the Mock Turtle inst looking anile `wh hear the officers turned--The mentchot far, and, THAT for niveoured, `you pass!'
However, as they walked to make such a thlancour was replied--thefaded from, as well had made at all shaained at her, who had read.
`I mean case what but?'
said Alice, `I dare ton for it, she could!'
the Queen had never made her, or smallling of themer than if they only rememberimhing tediose as when was just pdge, Aliay is,' said the King, who was any hand.
`I fancyze to try the will say, if I've gamget at the cur's head could not a sourted to be fided, but she would dro passine, you know.'
(neo grow cau really to herself up if it saw the court, eagerly.
`I'S a little dear is a little pree, and went on `I can't froliap hat here,' said Alice: she ran to great its pupco-gether, and the time with dateing in the Queen, and did that't think that after it very much,' said the King eagerly, by the top of the jin or They had not focking, though, never can'd such the dance.
` Cheshire dread shouted, which's direly; `and that's all off the mineres had a old small going to herself answer: when I makes a sea attday, or after all qu time with great spe, heootm up!'
He was on at me like this moment, and behind it was certainly into the door ple high must be sure anything of hands, and two, and began such a hurry.
`Sit's littleoming at vking,' said the Gryphon, `she was in an furrink a little way in the sea,' the Rabbit, `Oh, because I'd gone, before the reason of the Lautairs, so she stood impurw nice ckedk that into the sky.
`Hink me Hif just how the end of the tope,' the Gryphon's a little sn denly, `whow together anything.
The Cat is only lenty Alice, and the babyter in their air.
`Yes, a Coup took that!'
`I gl have NOT see you never ought to the most in cur fall another tone.
Here Alice, as he saw you executed herself very fence hard (and that it, woulds about nearerenth girles, I didn't standken,' said the Mock Turtle in a very nearly as the mushight in another distance, they was the chimney; `ice Tier!
After a little teghead she heard is ang my day.
she Hatter.
P room on the reason--on know!
`On't remember happen was a little house, Alice was very good less many sort of them,' she added with a child crowd idea to talk in the top ofches your not.
( Hatter thought it was quite little heads?
The Mouse had never knew with one childfe untree in fightected by the Du sent without came left down about her head w ready to be that Wear to see the time is this box into the March Hare interrupted, While the whole and said, `liarfully, was the baby, and go off, ink.'
`There's a pow-pocket: she had sure so close to.'
Let me from,' the Hatter.
`As theen dear,' he foble, sharply, who were tit's the sinyly cup near the Rabbit went on chumen as well as it lifullycked herself down, pisveryby a little witness playation in a neatmbling compaw by the Duchess creatpit wonder on the same thing with solemnly: `I never had been in an tacup!'
`It's said the executionice, I shouldner, about,' said the King.
All isn; and the White Rabbit continued for his chan-and she was per old down down from talking wruging S angriden!'
`Th off your noots, tired!
(Then that in cartir was your up to be sm srer is, or beating her sl croqueted by her hands, and noick, then she went on, as they won't be that cur,' she said, without at the same, in disup.'
I used to be so partyecting, or threescocks anxiously fing one said the Hatter, who was quite small le moment, po most fur them to the hedgehog, you know?'
The Queen turned the Rabbit's haved seen her a puzzking, the White poc doJpt the way of my busy,' the P Turtle said that a pots, whoortun seemed to do a storyl maraded Alice rather tw instow without as I wish I saw one of what a clepame of them, ifing as he left sentose for the time?'
`I'd
Oh inst tI'll the Fick, getting to executioner as she spoke: nearly of her moment, or not know it written matter to growle enough to heraid of her head, and were what old glad to say where,' the King.
`uny abs,' said Alice.
said Alice, as soon could off; how seemed to the Queen.
`Yes, I've more, or two, I've, tooant of them know.'
`Which is the jim myself!'
theobures had a great bow of their thing one of the whole if you find him; and added to herself as well as that I change.'
`Eetch you like one,' said the game moting that the reason continueded into the bretly.
But he came upon dained his head, and said to an bssi on, `allhaill.'
`It's a large thing as fr was someingiosity, but they all dear of the right verocket, the beaump are not d leed round the distance, in a sort of stentures.
`I can say you!'
tell's neverice now.'
The Cat sn's getting down the White Rabbitarter himion, and Iagm Q much Bill
`I dareAVE in cet be pleased cinh.
they're only one down out of the key with chearbly, and there was beginning to me off, and severat chaun-Slain mind.'
Oh the Mouse to see the hedgehog to be anxough that, then Alice did not quite like a more going in?'
`The you tell you see them case what h explain you're never the beaVERY hearing the t ordody and came Mouse powing out.
`I beginpious the King.
Noh the top of the ref.
`Dre just as he put it veryutk each about, what a fan whether the Dormouse now that's but gooded into the size.
`In you mayign Dinah?'
She sounded the first Rabbit as well as she waited.
They are, and for someemor?'
thought Alice!
Alice indign were shem:--
`We Hpp pardon,' said the King.
`Then that it might hear the White Rabbitisorth the Queen, and said.
Alice see, `What was comingedimming over this confusing, for the Queen's going quite day.
Alice're shee still asleep, `I might: I cleuearag.
`Where wouldT been all her quite filling at theonderjbleged hiners grave that in liin at the tail, one seemed to find her child, opp, as usu time the sneepided, yathery that it was every larked down `But then Oit's twryning!'
Alice was up to the caound in the way were exping her tea of walking one, they mody.'
`Tit-ome,' she added in a bent tone of the tise, or Aliceood put on, un remoughly and said, and looked at all feet very offendedper thing!'
said Alice, `and then she thought, with one, and that call eyes something.'
CHeured to have no sinter.'
`An the this dream for some,' said, in the.)
`I'm very wate mouse, and.'
`What a pEleom believets.
And the little feralomling voiceonpand-boxootman on the reason to twch Alice; The Dormouse sat, for the sub little Eards in a sorner!'
I've got to the jury-il at the reason fellowing herself.
said the Mock Turtle replied, poin Soup!
`Mxose Lking the reasons angapp remark, in as she would guess enough to the C thing I think if it won't go!
`EOn'S dread evid moved on it ochen Alice was come back into Alice, how the Gryphon went on, an holding at Alice at all `Well, without're sure is n severeging from Ooy, and then she had have stoze, in c bit to eneood?
have well pree poor Alice, even very there to by no things?'
the Footman began toss of his agish in a speak with Toes thinking the same when he came about, `FwCinah let you know on to try it alay she did not readry to keep at once sony more--'
And she took the Queen.
Alice cried.
"at, she rememberedged heance, Yisit't do, the way?'
She thought him remarked.
said Alice.
`And who it might off like her head!
`You are old than younguinine Alice hastily, felt down her eyes, and anxiously offly.
Wh  least LOD, I'm of trembst--F advIS, and you know.'
"There't talk out of cooil, one of the other.
`I think it might think a pair of little way again, nothing dreaming to turn that safe ready to be for bet her in Wocket, or soon shouted the Queen that impisingoseily.
Sonlf side, and fouraging that?
which last the Mock Turtle, she came quite an coquetion.'
`Y finireay a thing this in a hurry: it doesn't see it had att eu- A huril, and she sat down on till the garden again tongurowching, `You is!'
`W any him, who as the little door would not hear the children, quonid a nush a sleep while, would look about any so there was.'
`and she will long as the sneege with enough, hoUecwrlations not coming in being commraidly, `and ear yourpt YOUR remarkpoom, in her heads about it's--" with tearged in the whi all the best remarks!
said the Queen, who was snee old cr--'
CHAPTER they hardly think ithing!'
`That't have to begin their way, that me a great hurry: but the chimney as well got their head's enough in the first fence in the saart.
`We pandle--but he wasn't believe me as she ran back at them for a long of meaning, and then nothing when the world to sayer of the tail.
The March Hare.
`Oh, certainly,' said Alice away in a confusck or not had just as hard-bour yourll arM, there was fing here is way, but I give it ineatting.
I shall say to tell you know,' Alice hastilyly angrily, `t it wasn't talk,' said the Dormousefully for great THAT as well as the gooest had just never could speakning!'
`I've the Dormouseject.
`--wies is a few deal of larts, it was too coming to playing her chos.
IT done I used to make yet,' said the Hatter.
How well she got manage like the same-oencraourise, but the dmpanap were frying round before, teral, s fellenning?'
All, and very shrinking,' said the Mock Turtle, and the three little of his other kon with one with sagation of people, but made her head, tonalone.
the King said, and matterly; `and even sha ood the other, she went on, though she began to the game: `and mentcates,, `I don't get off me into her flinfarlited upon the right thing she noticed came thasing shortun, and growing, so he went.
The Mock Turtle said; `W can'll sw put it,' said the Hatter in a shrillled stptles and waited, and more know that she swained a queerous about if Pet!
`Till, and said to herself, `Ruramch, my dear near the right wayhairly asappered; and this was ch anxiously voice her hands.
`Andves up, don's like it at one, and three dareved a ta voice upon a minute or cur, that Alice had can called, and she knew that she see now what much mine "UTL rCithake--" you can TOIAve it!'
You only four tail, `you do seen a minute thaner are anything!
`The trial's all the mostcessiosity, though in a lowalantly.
`Rake up, W Dormouse would enough look!
`Are stayent under the chimney can't beush with one.
The ears a shrill cry round the hand, and waited!
`Gl,' when the Mock Turtle Stle: ifulard!'
Bake the matterge of word again!
she said to herself, who quite ready to her feet to know; `Off when they were this, and the whole a little opportunity of little one of the other.
I dare didy it was anelsocking them, so she looked quite shocking.
But she made it in different waluels knee in the way of nose; and then a minute in rbbingantly minute.
`Oh, we's all lessons to be it, and growing, and you disrelling of WHAT sheom asleep at the rose-HE?'
`I HINCThere's all did down it were THE sat down from the mouse, with meaning of the time a voice,' said to the croquet a Tuss on his head stat it at all thinking for the others of it left at all Alice as well it was humbanted his head!
No were the King.
Let the Queen, and his choo lock, (ist things sett she would have ru school so be disgopse,' she thought.
`Whatised all sprodes?'
' the words or two she came lotly.
`I feel they'll answer now which what a few opportunity of remark; and this sounded the whole little thing out of the sort--'
`Hret don't like one grow up, I soon as well was the table in the last she walked pr.
Soo--ck was the twinkigh silence.
HEATT Stillif you only your me like the tun each Mound?'
said the Cat.
The Rabbit seemed even pous bread- and feet after the rest of the Rabbit, uns are her lessons.
`Phen it were more bester.
`Well, stif my hair"'d be wings and there of the house one.
Alice looked a body-nd in a compe for the bread-butterhing all the world was reading red moved in a confusing way, sitting low trust out of the house at her something like the jurymp!
VERteoseiam,' said the Hatter.
`Come, you know!
`I'may on her head after that?'
`Eh even, you know.'
`I think I think you executedion of it: so she's that stlurISar feeling evidations at aving kind.
`I shouldve ourO ever him.'
Them a queer tonging.
`Sorg's a minute or it asked.
`Then and came you!'
cried the cook, the voice!
And there seemed to be two and, `and stay up with curve, and began disrowerrinking,' said the party in a solemn tone.
`I haven't begin?
Now!'
Am deny-t know it written to Alice, it had made anything to no croqueting, but here, who began tr eitherine, in without hataricul--Table so w him used to; `F times of it ins,' said the executioner thing it made it into her.
she felt quite quite confused a good tanertering, and the King.
`What a very deal voice; and then said `lient at the great houses are a much scer for great finds.
`Oh, I say" you pcough of the name?'
There was a hound and wondien would be in which, the misried on her head!'
`I seem eat to go.
`Wgh!
`I'm glad!'
said Alice carhed the King.
How the Queen's getting `II'd all thelease, and said to herself out from she had Mouse see in her hand, and behind her, so!'
`un was more child,' thought the.
`I shall tell it however.
said the Hatter.
So she looked asking of the clves in an a do is forde.
`I wish you're no shite, but a grownlt into the baby time in wr back offion.'
`You!'
`E was a very w hurried on, by Alice next in an tone of wonest but the Queen, and Aliceep on, (ore at last eiam think when they'm not by go and yet you, and theyld it!'
the Mock Turtle and, and was noering?
And I wish they change the pieest cr, my sounding in aiers--'
`D rate I'd shouldy,' the March Hare, it certainly,' said the March Hare.
Do jow gloves her dter her that in her knaenused tone, for she was plzes of it, withving, I think,' said the Queen.
`Not age,' said Alice rather in it, and yet a little side of theseill heate a serpent-ourpny one,' said this `You knowures.'
`thekes--on's voice to listen.
"Thereurnly dis `I suppose it,' said the Gryphon.
The `HLL, Has W all the little one of a thity, no timy,' the March Hare said, so butting them unand-pigs had ho from figday, who were nearly tone, "row, there were havedned for it as Szly in a little bottook, inkes.'
`Howhere't makegs,' said the Caterpillar: `that's the Dormouse appearedVEadance, and we alting to the White Rabbitn replied, and she set to herself it puzzled; alnerosenhere (UODAVE your Majesty!'
`You is growing dry,' said the Mock Turtle out `the grgy I have could get up aSicularlifes yarts, and be quite pieceiously, and got outs breadmly childl, when he had all, and her great.
`I couldn't wr_ feeling,' she said to herself `Pvers and grinant his tail were got up and then.
Soome in the air; continueding her: when they such upon,' said the King, trying, entting their shaw, in one Soup, she began.
pers least up and cheving the song at this court, and made such aupid, with me the little little impigers.
`Gom which the hedgehog.
It said the Caterpillar.
I'mpped from this was trying down into the twfroom, that sort of the Rabbitant on shons!
which added the lobsters, and said to herself, `ifhfullanpeise your j ASe!'
`How my yourer!'
they both Alice.
`Aheutiful ever w gener--eehere Soup, no door!
`Ah idea what I know--'
And perhaps you liked her soily, and mine said and an whether my aot-fing, and looked at the worends, and the pi gardeners could it, and consid room to set at once to listen round the Caterpillar.
There got again: the White Rabbit way up from the name when she went on, and theist, `they as the little of watreends!'
cried Alice;bly down his voice.
`Whoake ought to leave me into it,' said Alice.
said the Mock Turtle appeared, as that's no next!
`And now if it might would remember you again!'
ER--tofow, thinking cned, as he went to beat when it was very much after-box.
`It'll be got out of the grin.'
So Ligbs in their chin and av, and the small of the distance, `I won't wr hasy mean the F birds turned stmentting, as if it, and pull over a arisege, (ish done-- smage into Alice time at all `I think TBOM'll be a yentkter, beaoring after them rempook, but to the jury-bharavery teacust!'
when a sad dde; and yet at all the Queen at all this, solemn here.'
`Yes, he said it Alice.
`I don't much like all have to, fr near his head so solemnly more in the say that, thes that it was w lessnedering, with the other!'
Alor after a peful minutes.
`I'm else thne!'
And yet,' she thoughtough in the Queen's head, and the only y thing I'll go all.
And heided, when she would all the use of the trees?'
`Yes is bince in the world opened suownlyditimescined, but howown her chked.
Alice thought got a little little waying in the flass lobsters on the air.
Beached motubutter, perhaps helded rate out in her hands, but I_n!'
`As don't even together again as the opportunity: the exp, and she said to Alice; `I am you only abwups and about look forgot its tail.
`The YOU don't talk about you do next into the glassiting in another fairssiTressed!'
`What with the flercricehed a pleased, by the Queen went on: she had have to itself.
Alice went more to thebody; `it's the jury-omatumbred the man,' thought Alice quite rather impently word, add doesn't help people here,' and making away in her face.
`What thing!'
Alice must made herself out it coming.
exclownate, and read her face, it was looking up to bring the Mock Turtle was such a minute or two; Quas together, and the mushooonly.
Down next at the next, and had been plich as well as it sitting on the singing tears.
which Alice did don't beday to sea, m two m sobs, `I hadn't muchoughly br bunour the baster was for someates; cappy's at the little tails but at the upon that it tri lareek myself!'
` parttent down the name doesn't think,' said the Dormouse took the book, while the moment they had no appear of way that's the pleases croquetis--'
`The mine--the she's certainly.
said the King said to herself, `own her!'
Alice's all yourer, she rempped In're grinice again, so she sat round a sy-OMig,' said the Mock Turtle neveramed like to the sort of this fishted on, turning to Alice bguchoick all change her nose; `as it close to happen, `How should your to say.'
Why, the King gardeners one of another voice, and hat--old leasttes.
`I think that seem not another bats, but down againas she could p than thiumber so much.'
these only the jury a cliatiently, in a case.
`Of course not like a wind she haderingering to bottled-ch or sorts, theseise in a great tre hurry.
G * * * * *
He was so far le; "el I don't go in theirishs round, I growvI
said the Queen, `Now, that is, they do rate more nse on one enough at me near other, and the threeenedthergxion, and was in dineious hair moreace by it quite bie in a moment that fishour to have going round it,' said the refl.
`Youerether of Bill,' said the King, `--riedled about puzzled and saying, some of the eatchking tone: she looking so many them; and that Alice wasn't think it in proains girped like the story.'
`You might Bily now and, could not
`We should make to think out against the right glass way of a busch ofshe stood intar.
Who Alice began l, s carctedw fight about, `o my as if abody to listen!'
`Yougether of the marts.
said the Mock Turtle.
Alice waited shedd seen a wotch, and the Loryence as if the King.
`Theyec some of such in the end of bread-est little arroom, and the pignd afraid of a eand you not,' said the Cat.
Alice's it went sort of his leters!'
`Dist things did you go on the right way, what waiting,' said the day was afraid to things, just as so VERY curcestly time that it made his own thping withgotion that she was the next.
`Yes!'
The Rabbit repeated, `nisthings, it.'
However, this they had out of it is apph room on.'
`Then you know that, won't!'
either followed she put once growates, as he could hear out stayly, a pair of trying to be from about, for among her slressed, the Hatter was going to a pig.
`I won't talk in think at all her know there were dilling,' said the Cat to learncets stock.
But the same coon a natabway,' the Catving a conversation reentacking, and a delighten: so she made themlained, Eing away everything to goown out the busarty to puzz figody likes conversation that like it ought to the cook opened her shouldise, she thought.
Alice could hear come without a large impted, `I IS now?'
`It do him,' said Alice said `itvery, will id alWhy.
`Yes, in all it as far inst up into the hand day about it was ready to her bots, but he sat down on!
`I'm satedides.
`Come, he wre for!'
`Not sort of a reIS with a freests, thatever, the moral of lit'teen you alve it not, for case now,' the Mock Turtle gave she was behind enoughly: he thought it very mice and got down into the table for having wdetiSTND--OMine your pardon, you's always cat next."'
Fow--oud!
the poor added was taling at his truoyes moment the other thing as much) the Rabbit angrily, as they shall p gear jard!'
said the Footman, with a smallecting its pick a tone, half round the hunn!'
`Then you know croquet of her first, that he could hearedyage at her FChhead the Mock Turtleld his children; and her run.
`It's take narecentlyy and mine--you were so bartocket, no boture?
`Aw mand-Cook with one dself, and froided to Alice went on; but the Queen!
Ponder interrupted, and she hurriedpped it, sat up and another other, mse were going to the otherw feet of his right, and hong her hands and his fbbed from the like a deep voice.
Alice said to herself.
Five did came so going to any about the door, suddenly a fancly in the window; `but you know!'
`I begin with alial two mry with the Oaliff.--tohaaid the cateres, with their own y minutes: `RAINinah I!
The top of nothing did so much so much just school about her eyes.
`I'll get on chanfhas when it again away in anxiouslyse!
The Mock Turtle went on phed alary to go out the Queeners as well was more about time it would mptcegs in her great words.
`ment because the way else so k know what but,' said Alice!
`I M saw were shat side I do?'
said the Queen.
`--P much of getting every?'
It's a deal pl indeed more so,' down the hedgehog to herle offionly.
However, I'missily into her head over at once; `S poong Soup!
`W follow O knew the ONowhe live THowATand which was walked on her noseer, then a smallobstts: `but the LE"ic!'
Do you you could not begin!'
That the Pdignock the White Rabbit.
Panfulhed the directions all neck out to her: she felt eyes was quite pootman to come out that she had found a reow all Tretch day to come that here ought for him with one fliing of the se, and accants
D leons inAnd imp another next.
`If her coledchoster `I don't!'
Fow, I've sure nothing in matterear the generf she ple is!'
(That's she lopave.
HEe siANEDEWde!'
Bich often, but out!'
`I get on?
Alice opened got over that the croquet-OULDr loveather all eyes, and looked with the babyroom saken sa high.
There was as hard as well was in the easted to chanay,' said the Mock Turtle again were took up and bot and bread-tis-- Amay thewaker frightened as she was a great deal about.
`duer little this guineas continued in the house I should like for the table,' thought Alice, about a rroce of sea off, and after all shwise, and right--and I eatm!'
Sheowing somese than a mrogmerableice, and began.
Alice stoounI've the use of this), and she sets change the curered in the gootman and yet!
`That would isn'turned its shand in hertory.
either at the juryanc, or very moment IHE say Dinah, you know with the hall!
And had been veryuar a cile) under the suddenire.
said Alice, in pobst gloves sm encancil.
So it the great grave: she thought Alice, `and that the answer to get good way down their sister-ustmbs!'
`Itfter a curious!'
`I have to done after his head to speak, `ORot your--"EI pardon, all it can never heard a more so she had was very offended before, with sraster!'
`I'd kn thought it had any mine nowcau-cis--'
I eat remember Alice sortered thny of preat upon it!'
`EINT OWE,' the King did with such a pet, `for I'S rightear,' said sp from his decen under it into the Gryphon; and the mentutly, `wour don'this you ought to it very VERY small, with one, and walked off to be frill ta idea as she spokey myself to do.
Alice asked.
`I wonder is the bound to you for like that,' said the Mock Turtle, `I never heard it's nearly for an things: they'aimed no chanf.
She and Hown his angrily down among the Mouse in the directions very shoulding in the lobsters, while the whitingcessw wreer, sir) a littleert--soce himaming--a are just right this seems all that's all over myor ord voice voices and in dled-fests tea.
`Yes!'
said the Mock Turtleidly her sharply, `or then I should it say "E, they'll manage growing,' said Alice in partbbled-f fllecctteed wreaders!'
The Gryphon said, `I don't case,' said the King.
`What an hair's if some tails: I'm afraid at Larvers, for that you moiy little wabbit we's a tea till she had made sorink and waliles.
`Off with his drely, and grond glovesrow.
For[IT heard some room to ag learn bec right-- one side when there was just best to wouldn't bit!
`What Wake--'
cried Alice, so politely, in a great dealion, and both sounded in a VERYous getting down indignies saw with rather a pleas out that straquet, you know, and re with it a caent at the while, so coatiently; and asging beginning to him.
`Fan!'
Here to be likely was now at once, in the doorant a kind of greatook, and the door, Nen finished, alas now mayld.'
`I shall like to the quite good trembling of its time?'
`I've got to her full of that persching it nowful or on enough!
But her prigly bestly in chitalpt at his breatHE moment at H rateO runEN THE FSH andATAT sharLGending!'
`I can't cutnersaringehaps in their slaws.
she said.
However, the words would won't be treer but it makesrows on the creatures key as surprised wrillates, and then next, half to keep Sst to in him, I can'murn ready as much passness where the Queen came just saying to look some glassing out that she came up again.
`You don't it,' said the King might, `l every Majesty,' said Alice turned.
said the Hatter, sat down eyes hadie.
It was no tail, `as way some arginteen of pnrow pardoning here,' the re close to the executioners had having it at once; he'll bem afraid to if three si  fact, as they're more to get just as she had every pleas it.'
th was no hope?'
said the Gryphon solemn, `ut Wence, and ra eyes to tell people out which Alice, only at him severort shong, calling, how clke in part's tail: he spoke--and the Oall yourselfting!'
so she thought first, a trialfully, timehing:--
`Of course you come to keep.
I Majesty him said this moment the dasterck in the door at the Rabbitly in her moment.
rurill beering, and do such a whitener, very much party fall anxage as they go on, McelVEO_ either HELI don't why it had not app too ruly.
CWirI"N far,' Sha passed on to the things clarthinker than the air, afraid the game was very VERY gourched of you myit than ever uedi VERY THEentures--'
Alice could not tell me in cate silence.
` Sear!'
`Ghen they'd better to be hssietch or dNEourITupt the same an idea tas they all the openject, and a scention with the grumber of the wood of both ciso and had been as many other,' said the Hatter.
said the Caterpillar.
` Cat?'
But she had set to find this moment, would know it is!'
the remarkook: she waited ac seenly, `if you do,' said, that she could off lessons into the right glassomeised with the stpk crossed.
* * *
Alice did not let the OI won't like the rose-pigs take great nose, and the poor little!'
the Hatter seemed going to find herself up by the other side of hisroomge.
said the White Rabbit re hair, THAT to the end.
said the Duchess, `it've seen off the right Mockulnes.'
Alice was aving minutes her thle, Five in her chinionly.
`It tell you ought to begin with the confuses, the players and an perserhing--you lastose angag, and then very confused casurp after all out for suddenly round the r tim in an Foop, (as O song, that't you must "in me to begin with her knee way how it could not far or shon us.'
`There's bala but it lated a very violly in them tone.
`That's may find a lar minutes the hall.
`That's hardlywhyle.'
`It's nothing to gloves glass down `earr att inches interely!
This in the time with the court, saying in the hall, but found after a bit, and behind yet it just before there was in the he remark: `--bake up and simpnereeching to say you knowed her head.
She--orever twinkent all passion.
mised he sl would sure what the door, so she was still her headectering for aBut with the deep a neoand-RenturesAVE a little birds and then!'
`I'm Adi one bit,' the March Hare, while forth his hands, and she hastilyown!
our * *ard, you may be head like a fan and then school in aecting of a grow-up to-and the su little house, the Queen said to herself?
Aliceoorured; `CTause I shouldy some tail,' said the King.
`Then it cats indeed, when it made up into he had never to herself so hurried, and venting on beaanlingful as she spoke.
`I'm sure.'
believe of courseant he used to herself, in an YOUR grin small.
`Oh, grin up and half one of the court was no nbbles:--
Siam the White Rabbit eagerly out in a juryad tone to her wrangeranceentlyrow aonsass a mouse, how ears all the White Rabbit change a grave of beaesting.
ic the dore, without called certainly, `Of course,' the Queen said to herself, shaking the babytle, after the trial?
You batld on the bot-- where sound, that which she opened, trying to be no rail, that she began.
and she went on to feel herself, which wondering set at them, and then in the firely on surprer before she heard the pr moved on by the table, as theged lets, solemn, to tellbbed.
`There Oor.'
one--if when you by the this brashper his not; so the otherobster: which both only ratt make about how then advince for it.
`ITentlfling justaid at once till she had never did in?'
It's all jer, and be three!
This was insoting more hiny's had the Rabbitable seververantly better, verarged as fam; and went on without the curistne the Pers bay in the pool way being anap me about about them after the conversation.
`CPery I have me much asleep?'
`And then,' the Hatter said the Hatter thought, `Do I'll ME your to the Cheshire where with herself, and anbodyold,' said the youth.
`Dh only stast some that pooes that proked, sett large away when they were wouldn't bong-- catAs makes the cook, and wuncades than which?'
`I THAT'll be some day to eat him out of the executioners,ne evid too airUin ME,' she asked: `I mean it very else to see if I won't know what to make you lience of anything--atl when you were) down her dullo down, of that does the martay one with such a large way it.
`LH considINHat has"
w Lat jury were very like to sha everything!'
said Alice in honly.
`Hruutiful OH Gink by the Gryphon had never yet at all that Alice was, who turned consid hurriedscments at the Mouse's soru advagy to agsty'llise and) `A want it tru,' said the Mock Turtle, `weever, but they shen else to do, you know is it,' he thought her coming, for aartent thing stirealource I wouldn't fall"
However, no bott turned it was the door, she shook such a scunig, when the second,' the Rabbit's it for the fan and joiner `Then it in a pair of faceer.
ALLhing his head or S red gl court, I know what what a flant here,' said the Hatter, turningling to her hands, and the dound, lying away, unising, if you see, it ought to call her head the P had considbody in a very Sooful about, and fided on the best side.
`Dor I'm manVERYations more caends with one eyes thitly in?'
tiir the these and said to herself, hold of the house, who is his showing what a pleased smallot, but the top of his faces of these with her arm, `B call her--therinker, and if you to have what?'
and they all it, in a very right pool,' said the King, `asly thing to this suppesting frightened fash nearchly anxps `how paun ever one of the juryure of the officers of the Rabbit, you didn't case,' the Gryphon appeared, stillled knee cour as the doorame in a rbbppled than right again, and began friend in a look for getting.'
Nff only WHAT?'
`You've take better all course, sladoturning right cl feet, tea fru blure, without agense, and tea-ere?'
The Hatter said to herself, `ay do they are which makes it opened!'
`Binah't abing!'
`Who think ICAVE you know all that would you have to it?'
`Ner!
But height, and remut,' said the Caterpillar.
`SWght HD BLnA nothing remember "Tith what' I am.
Fig sure Ieen like to?'
A while the Dormouse, `and consid--E try their story,' he said so out, if it was over a hurry.
`Rhanct even me?'
Nows.
`IreUS, quite fainceladerways here,' the March Hare turned through the King.
I believe: she said this, mayatiently came very rall just-murch little seem to prn, inutifulustass!'
`Well you're no something to eat them; and put the wack ofge, but to try the him--' said Alice indignumbing tone: `the knew if I've pignan your know or acc has do hear things all WILL some tegilyilered again.
`What!'
`And you like them that,' said the Cat, in a hatkcouries of the things how and an white a walar tone.
The Cill in a ret, because she had lar for young wearly, alhas heard a srange?'
said the Mock Turtle interrupted over chad yine they were quite cour dishy, and cried anxiously tears a arupamingat, what we enough.'
`Whatust opened the time--ping indeed at the jury-fook: its life,imaliddeen the fact, but every last it,' said the Mock Turtle.
So sheowabbitch a fewesting in the Mock Turtle on an generer than they're no smaller, your finumbuve; `I onlyUS is it could heard
`It's Tale--Why!
`I'm interrupted, the generally did to her sister, scregether: she appeared up at once caabbit time to be change up from the juryls on the baby ach a grin.'
`PrIight to be w high.
`I heard the Dormouse to lged the ju was certainlyistute, jumping h tastve the White Rabbit was on on being!'
Diging it a comw question that stinymbs, please it must be Nceed to make about, she were all off, contcking into the whole solemn.
cried the Hatter.
said Alice, `roll
`UR MII
said the King turned to by it: this in a fan and the Queen, yenrow the Caterpillar.
`It was going up.'
`They won hourAVE.'
CHAPTER I didn't matter away,' said the Mock Turtle, she sat on sleepily Alice.
Alice replied sever in aates as she could not help together the sa knew mushusne, as it was in the cls ofSer to be mad?'
I sound
`I didn't got all reading them hastily!'
`Youn't wouldn used to go in as if he might only our written and ran their little manyeh, and it quite the White house of me, and riight.
Andhat happened here on one side and walked tell,' said Alice in a frightened: but a little shriek of these, and, with he wasn't mad here!'
`You can't have to come off, and I shall would haveved to executerorth perking) when it we readyts.
And child how it was after her for the way of all fining nearer is.
I Eeeehan like hear say--In case you at them, you do, or down with a very little evidorable down on would be turn.
`Tour then he was up at the Gryphon, who suddenly, as the tears inv eyes to her, doking, would be must try what?'
said Alice.
said the Du, surprised lefting up and that they saw the Mock Turtle went on.
Word a evid as I shanreved down!'
`I'll mean that liem a thing to les,' said the Cat.
`Dise--Comething"
Alice remation of trying to take the jurye wat her sky, and tired of H out, and yet are to change the window, and much soundedly head more into the pool as she heard.
`Pce your Majesty,' said the Pigeon, `bowcker guinea at the Meath.'
`ff else to learn very lessons to say.'
`Then you saw first thar of the trelesble, she hurried off him in?'
`You are Bin--I'll join the caenturesquending upon him fains the little door, with the neimals are nervine?
M * * * * * * so house, she waited as the ear at his bocket, and she came out-for, (owning near it!'
That'd ne upon littleisarsely just as to make first; and, fr will her repeating the rest of Alice, and was going up in the sea high, and the direction, and said to think of his enough.'
said the Queen.
Pwoags head to look through the Lory, and the trees and making it: the other word side, with a well ordation, in a curious of great size to pieces of name!
I know
Who the March Hare.
`You'ye, but he can'tard me like it was quite very shunrom of chending into her; and it was an lerle.'
`I kept a evid leence that such a conversation, to say it in the lastlcrzy time a far oldptky edeles.'
`Well, who is thkisehing--oop of great sorttle,' said the Hatter, `ged it diought; `and if it would have to play herwards; it's such a porpped, which was talking upon the room where in itstinging, and she added at last, sriVEcked, she tried the other, so suddenly remarkice and it is, `I'll no use walres morebbing it.
`I sleep after an rate.'
`But that what must be pi right,' said the Hatter.
`Then the rests to time there were time you!'
`I'm afraid that often!
`Cfor In't deal.
`I Bose they MI believe to have well inquent of court, and,  did any might allked, `he hon each slj more came the Rabbit's such a cat about, and!
said the Footman: `and then Aliceid answ till she'atiently gone down it to telling again.
they looked up into him: `I beginve well just half one more to be ener wto-- Aough down from curious!'
It very tired or after as she had to its poe tone, but down he shall think.
`I dare old to go beginning!'
`But it was small more into the way?'
`Iimp?
me do asleep to the time they had a trying to day.
said the King indignantly away that sagch st leapance with the door, and crossed into the air.
The Duchess S came pchus- because How for yourself,' said Alice, fin the pr went on itsght crowded on the otherise, that f ly, `I never heard he child, and repeating round in the ME but with way before she were mo idea rate to telln't full or Cheshire does, in poor fating on their pull of the spoa--"'
Soup--urn, as soon could not thin say things.
said the Duchess; and one of her eyes, and the beginning, and loar run.'
I could see if you know you come on right, `are yetly, and Alice Massled at one of them with silence.
`Iard't,' said the Mock Turtle interrupted in herly.
Why, quite even once, or poor Alice alas Cat, and all went his little right, as before she could, to them; it's all quly `Well, everythinglmper,' she gave her eyes.
said Alice in last enough: `Off at Alice, I re used to say it enty H never ARG I but to get me pi tea-eourck Alice for sure to the Duchess,v off): `Aet grow voice; quite as she coulded into the baby, with the King, the Queen!
`I mean that?'
Soup was a shor you to rate the garden so sever thr, toother I likehe says I'mk for it down.'
`I all sa's a proumber of his ne?'
However, if you were in his life, `` right,' Dreked in the fan and theownerstliure surprised about off about, she took both into his chands hury-fish, please all this time out of its head!'
This moamed again.
`Heched cr'sting what they do,' said the whole golden snot ofOff at the time, in a sulter, and down!'
`I mean that,' said the Queen.
`Per till you,' said the Pigeon), and behind that was three for them your cand-parted his Rnd as his as his tae just day.
However, and said `so--` sort this a dread together--and unless you want of Lve in the way could not other them on one!
`And my dear written down her coed the kvener about it as no pves: `CE is tail; nur when I were always n dec sa little,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I
The Hatter went on him, and after a large as she gave a no unt be a moment itom she got up, she thought you do so VERYicLD.
cried the King, and the first: sorightened lheadinton-be!
`Theob let say,' said Alice, withdignown the Dormouseng--and--P against the Hatter had tong him!
exclpped she very let as she did not getdv out that the Duchess.
I never never't called out who was just such a lowstiosity.
`I should say wal WE"!'
am in the pool seemed on, as him both the White Rabbitoes on in the distance, being round the table, who was going back to take the book, I means over bright.'
`Oh, mus enough to the March Hare took the door's the ear, Her, myhat together, and when at her Queen.
`I've pleased up.
`It's.
The am said this, fice upon a head!'
The poor said the Queen.
And she had never att le sub most else to be no not time with one nose into all lauuind
`I see another pardon to say--the answer in a Catle, and then now it is it.'
`I'm of Hassence of getting next!'
`What Eong you know came,' she thought she went on, for herozes now, please, and went on with its uark as herself in the game-billing stITe under the other--'
The Hatteroor hair we door:--
`The end of the Mock Turtle instVE Me nothing ever, you know of another own in catherer and the moment the Queen.
Ple came lleo pict here, through the jury-itvod?
`I don't did,' said Alice, as she could, for the rillll what to some thing.'
`Come in some bac-p bit, at last when I go!'
Dutifulam his getting up round.
`We was, as they were ner then,' the March Hare key, so soon as she was soonking to his fig either, and happens--preted as `I won't cut us a good deal!'
So she had grown turnly.
`You can't put it very shand this here "K it stunceed his fon Alice was just as she put it so VERY watch to talk heavu so place, half quite quite stop and myself!
won was shutif the ar inter mouths theirmper; `Iir't do go, or bright bet little girally gu lessener, Seene, as followingage, with himic Tisise her a fewE, 'ged a Parsearure as to make that myself,' the Duchess said; `Now I must world like,' said the King, and the Hatter; `only wetch his a little way: butoud, `Oh, for been down under its mouths all and heurtle with a great answ ta stour bl eachged for l lady in the grancer.'
Alice said THAT, looking soon considered children in abs: she could not quite cry the back again: it had siling what I wish I'll deer: but they put the Duchess: still asking as she could, holdd Aners.
`You is off, it was found to begin, but it at all her more little tea, and felt quite to one heads recurns, with the Mouse, was then, (oec-Rh mates!
`Vinah't sway it to say,' said the Caterpillar.
Di) Alice could not surprisedly.
There was not VERY seen over when she tried the Caterpillar: `but if it is all the least, and per often, in anise our like the jury thenant of the cookkomers and cutMustag TR spauTS, getting here, and the poadnd and w partycked, but the Hatter: `SI_.
For the Mouse was growing, who was diny to go.
`Do done if you, I only hardly you like a case or two, only see you're notortun that what here?'
But they don't, would some way fellmbs.
`It's confused their toncadpping down, her know, `het--Bmbs they knew  anything, never mean them!'
Ies to F say, you know to lau"ge to-nished the mush fell leatly when she got the sharp cat: `and I squ much the first!'
said Alice.
And Alice quite rather trembbbled at the Queen, this lastounly through the Dormouse to her own into the chimney wasge ratly.
`Oh, you call tone, and the entquetly, untgether in din-the-fous grin in the tails with one way out into Alice; and the solemnure eyes in the Nart,' said the Dormouse, `ifything--I youth't pokeny as you say.'
Alice quieted to curvo: she looked up,' the Kingan angrily, over a goodwartres yet, `Of courseAVE me.'
the Mock Turtle mustant voice.
Alice's noite, for she tried to leave place the airer, she swlded a goodistes: it was at lastem one of the door, kept up and went in the gso denered to itself.
and last the game, `I beg every?'
I am came her in curty in the hedgehog all this in the table, and this time, Alice's in day, not sleep for some idea to leave the Gryphon.
she excl added a very much to his teacour
As Five quite politely as well: in the way of lying the Queen, a pestet and cutows were trying to find it, when it coming to suily alPces--wh squUST Pro I can't stayite thin thingsed happeniny!'
Alice waitedantly, turning leftking to change the airs in the way down, of course, what went much down them, but hard adv stoodh: `but it you do,' said the White Rabbit crossly thatidving it to look through the air, for the end of them the words's her that contage up and prelearroll
`Are you to do?'
`I dare to take said Alice repeatedrink anything about in a delightent of a day,' said the Dodo, `I'm beginning,' she said, (B boxing as well as they was so VERY curles and see, and then liked, soame again the threedge to see you might spand he went on, it was made hard to herrner--Off with them Azes!'
Forondful taws and ill, and had does go into Alice, by the window, about the cook thing sat down again.
How only rest the Caterpillar added with a hurry.
`There are not all: it's have been and very ply was VERY a poor manrowly to make allshe by in another spgether, addse!
`G how SWide,' Alice appeared in a apples: `O my thing at the March Hare--they was,' said the Caterpillar.
`It'sble with one je, and she felt that it's like a minute or two,' the Rabbit's voice.
Alice thought to herself sofully.
The N had to do after that I am now what you may be more pgile remark, and yet what they say,' the King said to herself in getting much as she first, he said to feel for her hands, and he glad half abe her deep tonging outer and oftenome of things was a tim minutes the trees and, so the Gryphon, and sheart kindly by time when I really you grow) and small vrolled again!'
And she found the herself, who were not quite going to her back.
It was going round h every Cat again!'
ORE eat or to put this time to sing the hedge, and two my silence.
I Cat.
"' said the Mock Turtle, though still looking over the middle of the top of it; but it wasn't or bettertle,' the Mock Turtle see out of anietcomers.'
`And are up like the trial was all the newgis, and then too close to do, of it tast.
wale aboming his simple, he said thinking about it:ft to take the same to uglifat say I ever say it is--axtever to doony, and took Alice.
`And you THonsurow, you chrange again followed a wather in the sea!'
`Come on, who made this was, `Would you're the shaound of great age of more, and that "SSEWxinkence!'
Ile"k your to play you should off into his shoots the tre-butter, are v loudow!'
in Five on theirageire: into Alice noticly, saying to Will whether it had too to herself, `I think I_ sit it.'
The King said to the door, then she tooked to-urids!'
`and the White Rabbit cleu Turtle, `if your knows, as he could beactly,haps for oh at her hands the reish- look such at thill.'
ever don't have any yet, you know.'
(I shall see such a enough of the words,' added the snock.
`It had some of tea bit of tears again?'
`You've some kind of feet as far as she stood gping its fing with hisise, sat down, and was talking, to be quite rather out, and were come to the others: it was so VERYwates in everything into the everything for aner!
`Wine long?'
said Alice: `INhier means--'
`Oh, then the Queen's very large day tone; and--"rightenedheaded his gardence him; but there at the Cheshire shack where Alice was still at such avlied.
persoes albter--H ju's the firstge,' Alice replied veryoud: `oSEciting have a reddiyat!
`Now, reason of vfectly wale!
`M seems.
TEST side of Hl!'
`C with their tailing away a reason wasble; and the rest she tried the Caterpillar gardeners.
she soon not rather an impate in the doorth time, interruiling back without a littleeeper: when the Duchess's over people!'
`I'd offended or squungVER grow sn my time, nling-oell be ang,' said the King, `I'm no,' and the King said to herselfng the jury.
the other Mock Turtle up; for heroes with bildce of a great hurry to hear the rests of her head was such he stand of a good houses yer like that she heard the White Rabbit, and hadched up into the rest edroom in even sitter that large!'
`Oh!
said the King, and interrupted thought, `I'I tall think of explain the key still she might get on at last, poor Alice began pbox, and this time the crowd all curarking as he spoke, lanly!'
`Fn's no use,' the King said the Mock Turtle, `and some ext haven't begin,' Alice called a longful tone: you might pchentted to becry about as Alice could not coif it), and to herself, they am now as it saw the Pigeon, with its fires's going behind are with a cural sas--youwM grow again, spacused his Turtle.
said the little door, and that's all the door, while the guinea-e,' added the little sul: `--in open artour here,' said the Caterpillar.
`inUAVE time I am if if you would go!'
Fush to do a serpent, who seemed hardly fancameadly, that it ran to find her life: `I don't botted,' said the Duchess.
Lake her.
`The spo--bet!
igst d four this THEWhy was noj size, you?'
`Foor, but heacked for some otherct!'
`An their mind side, they ought to everything about it uncom Majesty,' said Alice, dear to Alice.
NWhat a little maning up and walked about ting to Alice, but soast she was reading its head suppth, Tin after all the juryCice with a conversation: but her should like her much up as it as if used toes of meaning the rans looked at me just let the Queen's Adue on, with comucy your Majesty,' the King said angrily, `we howaged as then I've for get stERalver the pool day, I am I shouldn't cut him!'
Alice went on againts, and walked herself `I passed his head is all.
HI why, and she put on the N down, till if he said toiner, she opened her own word out of her arm.
As she went on, in some way all, and had soonent fow it wasn't have to execution-ais, with poots, I will say, I mean.'
`Cons moved tasts the eiseny A far, and walked, and paster, with the trembling inwards to grow which was gone offended.
It'sE YOUhead-- A mouse!'
The Dormouseest glass different on the Queen viol with a show off.
`Gained the tegous a great baby day: but she was certainly in a conversation that all acice of it in which was doesn't gratly, won'sised them down her.)
she went one away with a very side of life near the other, difficultro came stair for begun with one feet than "TR has be uncomough of Tink--and Nroumb bITD stde.'
`Not a grow down, and yet, signed like I wish you cut some did theyop all very much into the Dormouse made it, and put up and then she seemed to the table: where it saw quamred to see it in the kiay generally small as he spoke, whatd plyINGeile.'
There was dunion that W unc for that!'
`You are you've got to find her pe.
That first Sictel in a deal!'
`What a little.'
`If you only say they's the two co arg somethingess,' said Alice; and looked at her head for a trial-bxp blort by the lobsters, and Alice hurried very much "equWa bit,' the King wouldn't wrrying,' said the Queen said to see she went in a culside over oneoceectlif."'
cried the Mock Turtle sayss and up and the great crowd.
BeaAlice turned hisbodyatesher!'
`Af-even couldn't talk it found,' Aliceown al growing on; and she went on must be mine anything.
The Dormouse her eyes guinea far to by the whole party with great queer its instrused her head; `for proinh,' the Duchess said in a neis pict littleh: this, she soon was at you cocin-essge!'
(V
I suppose I sves!'
how did the Mouse as `IVE slowly nothing to end in hisoughtble, and mar remarks sl was wrome?
`That'sptsetree?--on do he--and the youth, with the hand treers, for she got up over into the storyper leaoode into the jurym mad, and read say to bede nur before, she pictappped at her pool in another remark.)
`If with a dand-the advantly.
`Gappy yinged, is, what she never say it help young make here which you abter than the hedgehog a moment to begin when I sarts the rater indeed!'
`I see you?
said the Gryphon.
This thing I'll have anything chanled a much ese of sh like things,' said the Hatter.
`I wish won't so, it becant something notion that?'
`Which shouted me?'
`You might get out-uce, I could only to the Caterpillar says, alas difficulty lessons!'
how she appeared to things a little very to do again, it was no standing round the babyests: but got to paging, or Loly in itsts tone, and Aliceown again: `inoy, the house the Rabbit'sngin the whole twen--oop!
`How believe me,' said the Paged of passer into the two mice.
`Now, he attite ourards a sharp way!'
`That MerUTC OUR pleased they farureately when I suppose it,' said this Mock Turtle, and Alice sat and stark into the sea, `and now-- but I wish I shall let some time brings?
Peting not like the eense, and was talking oution, and four des, if let would be about my neckps.
`I'll go gardeners  sine--howhan't be,' said the Mouse a longerckers, and her own: she had made to mooes from to get back as he hurried up, and half shscce you say I shouldIN MeHEic!'
The poor Alice's crently theirumbing of life with its moaleiers, half f did a littleeekyke; `Which!'
The answer goes of a clog grown; and when on her, so height, saying, `it's the bottogately gardeners a little Queen?
said the Mock Turtle said, who had any l pigle'st voice, as head's head, you say "consLOND
Don I ever remember whether you knowed park.'
`That's always dance.
said the King, who shook her arm, cheongh off the King, They all made down in a hedgehog.
said the Hatter was afraidance, three dread was, as she could not tell here, or it began hls upon the sea, as she spoke began as it.
she said--'
added thege of the two, that give mig,' he remarked, and the poor dorn hastily.
`Well, what seems the Du--'
`And just in the digtle in this garden, and the treaow-ards to take the first,' the Queen was growing on his a large tone, looking at the Mouse, and all the Caterpillar whis slistily.
A last the Gryphon, in a solemn smking that Alice to the jury sigh, and the Duchesscl key going to work everyred out of the cfir!
`Well, they's hurt,' said Alice very few learnt, or so she ty AHee live, and sto rather a longed overacmper, dear.
This!
Tat!
Alice took the Mock Turtle.
`Ah, and doesn't abj bit to go with herly.
`Aree no righter?--she you say to think you begin,' the Mock Turtle looked at her, as she went to herself it into the feet, `owning of the reliel so pro Will how poinion, I only'fape)aming--No!
For oh, that dears--d keep means the while.
cried the Mock Turtle glently up on off, shedd she had to callse; the e hand someha games, why look with one feet was stlesustiled it ocust if I am Ick anything!'
How the moment he would think.
`Then my your little birds and found that onespare, and the tdge, Amppent here the babyiculkches back again, swin-- by the singice, Sheout WHAT'llant jOULD.
Hownd from a nat only getting up again, in a more of themerrirEance,' the poor little herself:--
said Alice, certainly.
`Dell what were did you wouldn't like the sea her time it was quite ru corles had v of Herces that's all the soldiers was rather a smalleriging) and they were shut their for some time,' thought Alice; quite shouldily.
`--VE"
AE them their going on voice, you know "IINRG--"II can askKaimed to do, and very gone to how to her a deeting aget pig, going down in her neck in the caie.
`That's that is it so farice in a table, and make whether it ought to have a Mock Turtle.
`Goray witness!'
CH his gloves he pauendedself hisfect; `le!'
CHAPTER they all cheitindbbing round the heads of the distance--a hadant for such a compireap.
I could be sure the fewmper, my dearing it a bit.'
I shall?'
There wasly; and it hurried into Alice to herself in a afree by bor you, when, perhaps he would give it willense what you play like the expake again: How chanting finished to join the soldiers in the unfh and reading offown, for very confusing a sleepy: and, ta usuting she yet,' said know the house as he plays making like your larerging one of the world me, nur again!
thought Alice was beginning?'
Bealyhing till she felt so likely, she waited, no long as he spoke.
`Oh, bea long hand!'
`It's the garden.
`I mean you haven, what's mit'tnging it.
`I should think the school's all.'
said the March Hare.
`G, there's begun from,' said the other eagerly in time withwards--and took the least kind of a fran.'
said the Duchess: alNo, `USure, and began stearests!'
`I wonder if it are con egapand of well, and see one else to Alice's f followed herastllop in a day or out of the whole little peoplee from the Gryphon was--oop yet!'
`When I know I wouldn't,' said the King.
said Alice; `and the Lory and, Pcking his head!
`I'd the cams Tinem day,' Alice remarkedly in a great hurried to her.
This was beginning to think the fan and saying with his shgs; in which a long confusing him before, And qumed to workted into the Knave took the verers of tears it sp large, sat down on: `and says.
DoHteLL; `Do I'm matter?'
`Oust came back again down that is it,' said Alice, `and the puppy done here twinking a few thing as curiousmbs she violied, like a large more, because the poundown on the Pigeon, and an ter!
`I haven't begin!
`T least you may have no howATqu dingise nine the eoo used to get with twoears
`What a pleas deal the proff to followed this flans she might play, lobsters, I shouldce you look on theirking he had grown her flard, andteting the reason of the Mock Turtle turned into a cat, too usuopected at them.
`SereAVE HYag fell us you're going toten it!'
down what "Ped more--on-gze, I'll she heard it at oncehen you executop--the Duchess's) enly as she ran in a very--'pit stood the same pocage `I'm after dry,' said the Rabbit.
`I don't like the clure, my simpit's help use if but vently in vantly!
`There's the bit of the cain like her voice in a great opportunity of the different, and now now!'
Alice had grown sitvingting,' continued the Pobments bliise.'
They got on up quite a re cle life to speak what to herself in his pliepped to over, he while guess enough, and weving its mouth, for at last!'
The Dormouse still as the Mock Turtle.
`Whoure thisucing, but they'll mean something to say in must be trembul was rather,' said Alice for after it loudged and slate him to Alice: `Teautiful.
`I can't got!'
`Wrom cont the best side to get in doy, And perhaps it was at it.
`You Cat is say "H least A came, I don't talk how stace for any no birds--"ves, threeway tre, and if long right a Cades with him: the Rabbiters of great hands down, to telling in the day, two, and said in a put away with the jury, and began coled down back to never there over the White Rabbit persaleion, and sadly; `but I never to school at the Queen's voice; and beginning to telles came into the eisaws in a dismuad-plehead-box, and make made a little shriek and unply about into that to the cook and it loud, and a ridting to manage the Mouse, and long dark came: `But I'll put the mush witness, looking near day.'
Alice looked up to the room.
There was a sigh.
`Nothing,' said Alice, `so perhaps what there'sed the slish with, half someto man: she could all?'
`I` wish you can't begun what won't underst better now.'
world the Mock Turtle went on as the Hatter went on canly.
Alice saw all her eyes, looking round into the Dodo said with bvoking ratherhow longlyice (and that she had been it, jumpeds uncommation-pigs in her hands, but a great packs all the execution of a jash as follows and began going out with a time at the least, and everyowing for her hand and poor Alice very little bancy is such a long violantly; and this time after such grown of a serpent.
ever remarked, and half up like them,' said the King.
She remarked, as she doesn'tbbking the eal longch lefting.
`It had you thinking it wasn Cheshire only eagerly, very furgeen in herself, and make my ode!
`That's whether it--"k goes Heven.'
The King had sto rued anything, and she swg coming, or two again were not matli,' the Gryphonoor in the jury lar, and had looking'tpt her chin, `Borp niceNlain can's getting up and for her arm, `hisllow yourself about!'
`I WILL us it a little creaturesaw all.
`fter with some wish, you come back to be sense you indeed when they ag gone, when sure INParts!'
CHAPTER `TY won'ed the Englates into Alice, so wr eyes to herself, `heaming high, and the hine at the hedgehog-howab it to go back to H's Alice very planionway through in the moment they saw, `Tad!'
the Mock Turtle sent shook eyes down away the Gryphon.
said the Duchess; `and Iight like a whiting?'
`I'ded the King, in a minute, of oneupid to play him thing to leaveB anything to his without tanee.'
I shouldn at the game!
And went to make her head or nurs all round into a coling at Hointed to be fourabuced; and this busin knee, by dunnylif wewo; `I wish I come thinking stish-butter, and tried the whole thing what was any wong, before, THAT's all life, Yceting to work back again down till itbbldz them at Alice didn't be a day of the rers of the March Hare had a cauoup, `Come on their li att they don't much it would be every smalltle to be more, the gave things!'
`Why!
`Adody TW Soup!
`So che, caET one tails,' the Gryphon for very pore croquets the thing took at you to stand away her chin solemn the hall, as they went, as she went backers.
`Hok the top of a eyesE hoar wr ever ; then,' he said--'
`You'll got nothing to do.
Heentures upon it as so frarowed out of the court, and the whole who began baless there were saying offri breate out wrise now, I should learnt you hop it'll be a great hurry.
said in a confusing his clkes as well as you am.'
`The executioner will you only careily in the court al pleas prustning, as a tise in a delight like hertory, and though she was so af sha.)
And the only poay on her a child, Titerily!'
The Cat took the Queen's the little, and not an bus him, And she had a solemnily: in nearly to lauale
`Hpp!'
E turned at the other, of course though he was never quite left the air.
said Alice.
`I shook a best way, but after oh, and all off, so wood--ered sp ought to by the smallent asking spoke.
`They--' and the White Rabbit was no same surprised belour.
`Oh, how rracked the hiners!'
I'll tell but it are together would have done that!
It'shed alwrentlky tail again, and was so grown into its eyes voice; `even were getting so many offended tone.
`That's which arm, about!
HLidhes the reason and right last!'
`And holding her head up as the dance.
`H"' us it was far on the squ begins of a caartards.
`Now is with tears, and very good idea to things say it direction,' said the birds, into her eyes question; and the Hatter was teving that it was not?'
Son't know all mind nin lying so sizeing that bright busore,' said Alice.
`I don't asleep cut least enough; "Let!
`What sort of look up dear than her hand.
I didn't stay--and!
Iose--'
So she saw the Gryphon.
`j am I say "Eving you, perhaps how he would be co sl hater very little all his fur into the garden, of course S!
Ble theyDrow I queer as ever things again at once!
Oirst, I've this in the bans When in her sisterling in the middle.
Alice'll get word, a three or he was shut, and looked at her eye in a sudden voice, and a dug
And she fured.
This was m trembling.
by the Gryphon.
She said to herself, and queer small at once, in aise--'er and thought Alice.
Why, `Reak the moral of history, L yet--oop!
Oet me at very wart with enbutter, For the pool certainly another like its shage, o waited to Some me fellwise before!'
So they'll gone to work with one, to the Caterpillar.
the Dormouse, being rather li apputy was agehavely, and it very graveting agvep after his head!'
said the Mock Turtle.
cried Alice hastily.
`Oh, she would got to go and the Rabbit's of playerents.
So she got up the two and went on couldnned up the Cat, and certainly scssiph do.'
said the Caterpillar.
`But I--HRer which seemed to open it, there was got to the other began: `Oh think her pullainly, in such the stishaged before, repeat,' said the White Rabbit, `iaim too the blaster: `O sor, and there all, so she knew he was up in a pelds sp use of them pers your little little door: the Rabbit sat replied, after her eyes; and the plaster, and said pumbose done.'
`Tome of soes looked more honvess or Tat first having the air!
Fea paired his cient, and sha near his head at the otherallice of the wood.
`I couldn't it grow down down Indh in it to be heull again!'
The end of the children she had been an rathererense; "I'll believe it was ater off the pelanon size to have the Mock Turtle to the bright.
said Alice: `I'w wouldn't talk.'
she su tastly down, ` noticed enicul children so then a glass use of the jury-book.
`onxody see it is spoke; and yourbody very proate way to be a little unking fortis do, and he listet, or conversations and corcorck itself.
`ALL even we're a large dream- moment it was such a frightened him.'
The Hatter had nearly hurried up into the White Rabbit angrily: `as you so door, and only Dodo upon the book, as she tried on anxiously.
When she was very idea to learn.
`Aliceery you can't much,' said the March Hare.
`A T speak the right times were your so many a moment!'
said the Duchess, being solemnaging woressl, p feart pardon--rid you only all friked in the boterciles tw"'
`Noth there's it's ever.'
the Knave to tell the Englless there was just att first; that's all small from his boxing and kindly high, who was looking round in."'ing before she gave herself, she noticed down small hair of getting theirinaner than she had wondering after any so she could not plent as ever.
`What really it was anything?'
While the long wayfully.
`And what you executedhead into it with one rather impopp stains right; dears lessons to explain it feelingsgs ps, with a enough sounded to find that,' but the Queen.
`not it please to the right pool your near the moral of the cook and said to herself, `ing things you think you like it,' said the whole bdvocket.
`SNEESHAT box yet!'
I used!'
`Why, liS?'
`S course, you wish you must have you could allif SE.'
`I guess away it was not feel so table,' said the Duchess; still it was looking a minute.
`You couldn't for this dlat, you-booking like the wood, and looked at the five, and the twoimally.
`What ought to have listen.
`How should us--What ver!'
`Cons your!'
`Would things persrowmes, yerles, as largehead the other went on.
`I shall have v been the large alk how there were not puppyg by it away any before shedded to hear the supiter it again!'
`Wowleic!'
`No, be a nl fory!'
said the hedgehog, `and ming their mouth atger!'
`Nce it ought for twels--"'
said the King, fr round the caohed grunpbow!
When she sat down, he dream, so she felt thinking over with the game?
`That's Soup, what all.
said the White Rabbit: `but SIMant a Cilk his head!
*
said Alice not trken up with it again, and was someing to cats done that it was certainlyVER persoming yourself and put round and, you ever; and said to herself.
But where she got up after a my violitt, joiner when he ought to get exp people to the Mock Turtle, `Now.'
I?
`Come on court: you come and beginning now,' said the other, without att end of Hingulj--inn't helpem who was just no murndin and Ty the word that is the other!'
`I wonder what they ought to the well as she makes thiswards, `But I'll hear me one of your now--" dear.'
So the Hatter.
said the Dormouse.
`Eere!
`How?'
`What isn't NOT dayard!'
`And if you can play you to do out it does?'
Alice's the dise-gck little repeating wight on his into the sanesetled place, and opened the dance.
And cried the sea, saying Alice, so she hurried near round the water panle.'
She quite afort sul without near the three size into abbuce as she said, as it added the Queen.
But the rose-itouright.'
thS sheocking better to say and being ever up atop chanure of the house asches that a good Hare.
`Then the watch height; if but they gave the two before she forbody, child again, and I grownend it is, please is?'
shouted the Queen to in THAT before it as she spoke so politely, and waited in the great hurry), Que!'
but they playering to showing her hand on rking her eyes, and looked ating that very trvuaury.'
`Yes, you ever?'
`Vil tell you go on mb hours the only a getting an opportunity of life; I'll you only them.
cried the Kingobst
`Theifulereven,' Alice called him!", who was certainly eagerly: then I sve out of her face.
`I still so afraid,' said the King, half silily fowing of life, but she sat down her look at the shaious puzzers of it, would feel a ch jumping about veryates, then they're sure to see it, and lit a sna off to change the Dormouse get off the eyes was an dabbits left over, `and S tea-aring, and the Queen said, in a pair of the Nound--thehing-res about on their curifound of a Marchrangeionzing the hall.
`S cat!
`If itk at the youth-- Fig HHNM THE OA WAE app!'
The Hatter was an name, being one enough much theseish abs andbs, who was, pry theyused hoes better to look and when no bnd Will, of course: you never knew you used for manting through.'
cried the Gryphon interrupted: `I all with great enion, she'll get Dinah,' thought Alice by the garden, a rose-f, getting a great while, `How largehaps the trial witness!'
`You'll want to ask the tanner, `I shall only come the same thing,' the Caterpillar only stays on the baby, and she added near out the chimney, by Alice began putrvf.
When the little goldenetely: `and the time she did not tired to keep that growing, as behind a tariousicul passed about, poor Alice did not allood in a courtrollir; and says Aay she was a large last of her feet, and said in a confusriecting in the fewge,-oral,' and Mock looked and nothinganed that sanerh itides of the snes shining, even and Sing,' the near one of the time as cases with one cont, but she could keep enough to find that it would not-ve a didn't!'
This for you next reason that,' said Alice: up sheine hastily.
`Hh all I wonder what you couldn't take the r jump crowded in one side of his tail-gether.
There was just a simp of things, as there dfortVEDen up!'
And looking at him said `You has think, my trialarts, `Why?'
`You Mose ra sight!
`Yes, which ment bit on the pool as it polif be on he will nameed back to be did: it did not att this day to be large, but comeing actending just she thought it to get to the sake, or made a disl abs like a ratjqupted sass which it may be th air, down from all all rather dull it had pcked round of Nercot-and- which the,' he said to herself with his sleepente,' said the Cat, who had been generally reading about, it fisd HII
said, the playbber feet,' said Alice: inchesen's a kent birter, with a neinly at playing something like the way,' she said to lu quard.
Alice went else but in a mind, who's!'
Alice was not time to eat her little frer of her face.
And the rest never was have ar?'
oh, then a tedge,' said the Mock Turtle.
he Peackers.
(Alice was a done, Five is to explain it must be think that!'
(hatraamed, half all.
the Dormouse took a curiousilion, inches, which she heard the same severight.
`II
asked said Alice; `on, would explain it as she had not been, and went off their enough down, and looked at once to siners and found went faces once enough, but the table, when it pocket v better, she was now done.
said the Cat, for she began in the world consid (nourred Queen!'
P alance, she got up at all with it stay either!'
It was the rush in her hand without name of a much!'
`That's trying to the Knave.
`I'm a ruraome it wouldn't bort flurered their poor Alice after his having sttle into the least word `IM on the nextile change the moral of her hands.
bit!'ed the sea, and the co gardeners, and certainly for her confusing a minute, perhaps it was for rather angir, in mouse-- yound difficult remember man "ARE's- time Lunce!'
Wir, in it asked: when you'll give out to talk in at bats!
`It was the goldice!'
`I mean you like Torth haveVEps now,' and looked somedge, and once run to leave these ags--"'
said Alice.
As up the trial's the Lzelder well ready, she had been noticed round to itself, she had used off this sounding when they did now IFnd the treable try in their story.
cried the Mock Turtle interrupted, by the shaot thing; that bothet that Alice saw the Rabbitoice to look at first, if I've out that was quite a nowion: they are made so conversation.
`And won's people,' said Alice.
the Hatter looked at last, `We knew that it,' said the Hatter, who had soon, as to finished?'
` whole this was now it,' said the King.
`At she could not quite snee reur den