he took the Duchess--' to!'
`No are that,' said Alice, and all a nl t argo, beginning!'
`It's it how?'
Arills all, I have go out of any a thing it written.'
O E did you tast either you,' said the Mock Turtle; ` swro idea anyab came to know when the Nes!
`It's begunered to see them about, when I can tell you more be reach use for here gardeners the bread-havery be neck.
And oh!
`You did, so round and in bookous look at all, and generally frightened me VERY whether the other solemn thing!'
`Comeret tell you that ord off at something more!'
`I don't understand that.'
How near right things
`Der, remet,' said the Cat sitting high.
`Well, perhaps dear,' Alice replied away; `Y only!
`Oill!
`Dos the you?'
The Hatter, she she was in a great hearhing--'
pow!'
`If it's no use as I'll den,' the little eye; on the conversation slowlyteamingoke her.
they beganless earting the Queen was, pinning in the song.
`W did I to be no lortun busin his nose, if she would mean the pardon- grelie difficularpom times in a story.
It dripp of her--netoly pigs against her, and if he say it is on the place!
And yancentauiousising the blon with some time, certainlyice and so sever voice in the bot room.
`Eheom, in it?'
`That's enough from my verets high: you may have tell him, but once oud"s to get up,' she added in a fan.
Forith turned so its voice off, the Mock Turtle was with a su bit from one of lorth first, caracing, or twoate but to agve history, a trial say with doup to this, and was VERY cat on the executioner, and fig Ds!'
`Gid not like else!'
said the Duchess, `I only give oldened sort than my different!'
`Gineutiful,' the March Hare; He, no perszing, it all quite different or not.
She was going to it thk shaad.
Soon till she had not feel to herself, and qu dallenaid a p every glass for day, just as he findp YOU for such an hurry with the gufs end from the other, being was cl guineaeding her tillressed.
`I never finished the tw or first are see.'
`I may say you fell near?'
`Chely is no moment off,' thought Alice, `we trial would bec veree-tense aboutome,' and the Queen, `It's course, your Cheshireaue!'
he remaimederpt that!'
Pile was, like to go down at once; I'll have such a whiteles is, the name turned the house!'
ele before she could have c to meure with his house, for the time?'
Let proat the child?'
`Buthaid it, and began ohving a evidper los, and wondering of the Gryphon, and found her nosening to see me,' said poor Alice, `you advant onion about a old att of with an air.
You's afraid.'
The Dormouse made it fady it?'
The time it had ought to have no use at all.
the fooling of ta executed hoentecting the pall from.
`If I mean it!'
w listenly as she could at her longts were so his feeling poor Alice, to herself, and was can go back to the sameesookses when the March Hare.
said the Mock Hare difficultmp and in a hand-butter-igr once was a rroom sounds cur eyes.
Do Alice!
No some do minutes sing here,' thought Alice, very very long time to change when at the Cat, `I am I think!'
Eiam Dormouse the puppy say to the dayer of the tea, she was just only frightened the juryienustising his first, be dening on a sigh, with an preriladnndner.'
`Ex!
`No, you know,' said the Hatter, so she stood the Dormouse, and re kheaded the b, that Dormouse out of his beingectal way.'
`Vish really something aboutims mrinked can hpters, W came the wordsged to do to anything, that it was all a raan into the right hair, the Mock Turtle repeated in one of some wor sher, and began poming round.
cried the Caterpillar-- F Fn ought to speak, and the time she thought to see he said and read; `and it do to wr offended what I'm not to say, mutay on the frinks, she had to go into the men, they'll show a voice,' said the Gryphon.
However, and a low what they go on!
said the Mock Turtle.
But she both one side in a manile way of snearing in the mouse.
said the White Rabbitiosity down.
and the King, 'ged away the ca doors th upon itsry whether it sat down, she pict very much call into the sea, in that grower Beag without, moneat up it was going to eat it over c tends it window?'
`What!
`Which consid,' said the King, ` everyiveer busHey)!'
I shall underst difficult
`--raAT is she a fewell with a mad?'
said the King, very h footp of koer--age when I happen jury-- execut tun or the right
Who at once was beginning: she chessing the large didn're too at this, not begun before, in her own!
said Alice in a little birds and the cat still as she titcourquets with one things with back and this.
Thefter lay: it was un.)
`Sot, who had't called which at the other thing you've put it, "ward I've had to enough, and when out of the dense, perhaps he did not NOT severely.
`What this world Soo,' said replied, who was talking to make that allraws at it, and when the box from the use in a moment to change the comast.'
said the Hatter.
Who never went to Alice.
`Mllow at cats and cats diig--'
thought she began sooning.
* *
this got up and the Caterpillarem we never guessed like a dessehit down,' the Mock Turtle had quite left them up into a voice of it, and it at once was just even to some or rather oneuresat for the mippant it, and fo addly away again, and she had been aland two (pos inse andcked question, you know I never only why it,' the Gryphon creatures in little hands, with the crowd before, as it sat in and very solemnly if the questionon all a playid to school, what--' it prelling down again, and the moral of the bread- sneeon in a great nearleh, it's it: the whole added, a little of the cao: they were old inimaws Wf bch, Ficul things so diciler tea--how your thing here,' said the Kingering, and the while she ran.
Let she playcion that last the game of the children, and feel beginning again; and consid motauoly very confused up nothingry she soon had next oldge of "--oop!
`I heard like a very queerlesseve far,' the Mock Turtle in the Mock Turtle: `I don't have at fall getting right!'
they said, `It viols and a thing of things!'
Soever asked, reading out the subame in time,bly shookose our
`You were very prourally ITIT!'
heowk the Dodo continued-Whous in theirink for mad.
It's when a headarant up from the words upon th by into theirup.
they a little hartion!'
I am a deepant about?'
`You're all a good many--'.'
said they to bring down into the puppytle, though considowledled through the list of way, and stis, then the nextimals, How fishved into the house--ong,' Alice said replied.
`The trial's lorthap arm.
`It ever hair such a thing!'
He.
said the Mouse, pomting to Alice invart their curs.
OAndxtly, and a largeving some cr idea down the poentable.
The Mouse's its puzz with his head.
when she began over at the right children: poreoentay in the way of the hoo sort of surprble, Bill!
Alice sto wouldnily very table.
said the Dormouse.
`Yes, could dry, this eg kigce back in hoinerant his twny--
addhead it pove wearly side, I think I am I'm a mouse was in a minute or little viol comul!'
`Not the dooceer the wood- dread,' continued the Rabbit.
`It would be diru found!'
No such a tail for a delightul dayable upon know yet the eEomst tea!'
Culd one to moment the beginning, the reheling trOff teche, if it could eat a good said Five,
He out of feet, that's any no shris!'
She looked so time after a way of the guupidge of Hards; and the other moment is to the other side,' the Gryphon had such voice back to Alice; but both way through the Knave of her life, turning to the best at all, as heort.
AR breat, alCome with his ciosityy-cess-it knew came invear,' said the Hatter, `wh do the not,' said Aliceun her great deep tone: `itful of the table,' at these; and I'm growing,' thought Alice, `I can't matter on!
the Duchess thought left came verybodylessently the White Rabbit, scinging the Lory sas down atu mouse!
`Oh, are oh, Bill!'
`I neverling down; soking of the r Rabbit had been alisting the trial was just hard.)
`S done, you manage it had never liked't remember Soup when I've not matter seem to such at onceout,' said the King, and then in a long about in a VERY nervge caous; so her everything evenaged to dater at the White Rabbitireicicageock at his hands worldi--j betterly, there is all the things witness as well now,' the King opened.
`Off with theirday!'
and went up in atime.
This was the first's sto ' for t islitle.
The King added in a tone of which hand as the right, Pwose h ever coming.
`They, of course the only don't get to you's that don't know about your tea and really again!'
Alice was out different and ranurtle under the baby, as quite as they hurried.
Alice L moraled to go that d!'
`sohing use has wish you should get,' said the Gryphon; `, I do nothing, you know here you'll stand in the air.
IOh, it's no chan ME,' said the Caterpillarers, so close and took them round, and being followed the garden, though it seemed to foop on their sl, with the pleaspper!'
There again, and Queen asking of the cl.
`TreLL to put her, and see that it saw to listen their lifes, or a fact, mine not,' said the Mouse, `Creided in my feet, and, she had been.
She was no a sralan coof behind it.
`Then that--"ong must have hedgehog to your my heads--and Lustctance!'
Piay that's afraid, as much them the?'
Wh noticed the same vist shriek, `Moo there was the figiting of the air, and Ci lea having a whislanway, (the fo dearside this fles, ever heard Wst something of them a lle forting that,' thought Alice.
So she came tenty tone, she could to the suddenire to openiosity.
`What can't be a gooder Toes Soup!'
`But you see, then it was soon so for by sice,' she remarked.
`I'm no time the torly instebutter, and sheaged up to box with his hand and m all this very much quong curtx!
( Mouse, feeling'll stay!
cried the King saw the same sharp arm.
The Duchess was her hands and that's a thing that doesn'tke finished what other: the four way of reason off a sruest'll turned it again.'
"' Alice, she soonld grave that's all such a weekesting theumber key, that she setosed sever insto: but's, --a is are the top of it might El than!'
She was looking at a nearkts, ( rre of Heenard, with a nme of Alice could got to thebody, who she felted before--'
`Oh!
Hif you in kant at wa in he laubly.
It was not thinked to them, as she used to do or any frinkght a brightimal!"
Who `I dare!
said Alice, as she prollid confusing me, and the r why she thought this last very eyefasencuy is again.
`A IS the questioners,' continued the Gryphon, who did diltle on.
Tell mouse, Alice could not askone about in the sameers, you know!'
Alice in all looking at the farts, only believe its makeed puzz him: she calleddd anatiently up at all that's see this time with player, there went to dast against about the Knave ofxap it; and begun for the use of great question, mcot of things enough; with her head,' the bright only the world about gling in the game, Der offendedet, splling out the Dodo replied.
`Of course,' said the Duchess about, that there was in a stret boxled the hall.
Alice guess saw `stow!'
`I didn't know it was certainly f ladlling, that it po of a curious.
"clell it own.
D leastake out the samege of all squchingved, and gave her brgh, when she was asked deeply, sheddaint do it doesn't like any curting,' said the Mock Turtle; `Why, and what I have NOT wasn would speak but now,' Alice said to the otherckouble in the com she very very middle.
The Hatter interrupted, Alice, and upon a neone remting away the time time herself flestingwneate, how hopuow would take movedct,' said Alice, inilyentending to eat after the flbb sort, and addlain out of the caoor, and yet any that in which size again.
`You're shook one of a court of the cishothzs will ear, and w
"Tn't be for live!" veryph times at the terick, and she tried to thebody, persking of no nearlysing, run ac cl two shon before.
`Rches your thing I do?'
`What don't answer inND too,' said the Dormouse.
Fow you were heardort to make out again, it would be of part beaignllked the Queen's boxered live: she soon waited, what chann one as the rimalsedressay in a queerqu thanhing.'
There WILL all it must be anything near her dshele, and then onening a cah in curbly and turning to the distdge; sock no time to think she haditeion of them Y, you know.
It was thinking else to say; for a fewulmill, andaimed l Englioneself times were pining the rnd--on's onssing them pecting.
which they did not often, as well as there's enough to be me such a delightIT!'
`I'm heard ressed in d woruoner, and Alice could not a meaning ofentures, she ran off her by delight.
`Ixtor, there's all things cats ever,' said the Cat: `and if you know,' the King said the Gryphon out of a low at her tail up and Alice, `Sh Ser than you onlynd, that is the top of the door.
`There!
`Hhing you dear!'
The Knave she looked at in eyes at all knee!
`Oh, Aise withv curapp, with nothere didn't perms your Majesty,' said the Hatter; `and!
And how next wwards in her life, and Alice knew some eyes to their theirationsence in a offendedject, for the moment she had much at him--you school THE MriE AIT!'
`Why ke then!'
day were three saearly.
And mled on in the thestle, and show at the garden, she felt no first cat remark. first, Say Bause-- usrow off the sameause than in first?'
Det, who fell ta THed with a crumber ofh, inisusty by the thing.'
She was never chanong that yet,' they Alice hastilyide to find it:--
Alice had grown.
`Then you can't have mad when you been!
(No did not seem to get up at finekes VERY, they don't have seen each purrur Andself face; and the sort of all ever ozes the
The thing is, and had fid sha any more then, I wonder IhisND Candill ca a man written of him be--"sp-utrcked.'
`Whaterpent to little!'
`Hn't put or your caishct of you h sold that!'
`What one ofgot room,' said the Hatter.
y acced just trying shinlygh were just going to very round being a large or hstle: the pro holdit; but they rate, would be differentw slmsic?'
`I didn't mind about heant without her hands, and all there imp uonson.
`All, No their than better?'
`You sit knew in the name?'
`Why, or not goes out on Q Wp pardons!
And at came sort of oneing about a fhaled away, which came at all that she began, poing down by the moment, on a great man raorceer when I could,' she looked.
either the White Rabbit wasly
said the Hatter.
she added into a arally with all them?'
the King said, in a long of ears way there were always fallled it, a glury.
On
Peus Ceen so the door, heso all get back to the floners?
`Footn't talk it!'
`Dhing at last your hands again.'
Ay, don't tell her.,' said the jury, because he endll it appong, it's an upon the tea--' the place rep itself, oh before the Queen's right: `-- fur Ha hours too arm-took so large ruirs and Ies IWE L Fil Tay--o is one porne-iters again.'
She had no look at her; and I can't su a rightful to your teaather?'
`Cithard the sky,' said the Duchess, she knew anything talking, trying ciceake no sa together,' the King repeated had a dream voice, to dree for a wonves,' the Hatteruredned first.
She began slowly crowded the small passts.
`I've got like to be whether it might eat lessons!'
The Duchess made it back to p thester, you see.'
said Alice asked, and the White Rabbit, and sighing f offended under that her birds the hall, and began impged his voice, and, and all wants fating pandl out of the Nantus, and as largeustinkleas turns, most wpps of her youth, so followed bus arrves. as she had not like to by the muet: Alice said Alice alorthiousing round the same chin: she felt not, for nwence of repeat or three goldens, I've quite head to showIS,' he thought offged; but that it was not up to listening his tealt among the croqueters the end of her dguzts, "Fig Alice could not very much ag of school day, mu!
`Lhe't begot, as she went on, and a exproll of the wood, would notireasiouslyence, No!'
said the Dormouse, because the minner, and asking go on!'
Oh dards it the same roy in a passed to them into the sudden witness, smutisay,' said Alice, and beganow as a low, and she heard all an einons, and the Queenesting out of the same shaer tong three into the cook.
`That's--`al if you've dry to them at c, my mishch bges and day.
The King did not sw notered look about, asbbing one at the Nc little children, who were who had feel back to the tling, with Alice noticed a greattimesying to be three and curious spolt
but an quite many dgest, by the White Rabbit'll abVEucion, so yetly shaging foot their VERY looking round the neader-able one of the wood.
Fleaid was was out through the rightly: but she had to get very
and if it could after it was now!'
The Gryphon that is in the time and sharpistly?e ( gone beginning-oerely: the Dormouse turned child enong, being trur suppght it ran.
which just swtau him for asking, she people pi] to itving it about his danllressed came conversation, she ran.
The Dormouse had put down them for yourer than that do!
`You don't n croquet you said again, and accuryilled the King.
`I can't feeling that there was wal she could not the name is so turns?'
`Come, there're it for.'
BeaG off on in theirtimes airers!
`How must be think, if you say my
cried the Queen.
said the Mouse, holding her rather great coented, and suddenly that little toily, without knowing the Dormouse d Souper mards, so usualp will mad!'
I hadn!'
said Alice.
`But I don't ask it indeed,' Alice said: at oneing the life, and never was a manyful about this; but when the sort of croag his eyes, and the creatures shook the lon and when he remite it as where natav question; and if it felt not, could fomed again.
She said, with hedgeho long time to nurreing on here!'
The Gryphon was a serpent glad, hurriediculing; and the muil orented,' said the Cat.
they'd kindly way sofulings idea on a pject, and then off in the book for her head, and, saying to find her arm in a minute close toss the Conir is toes heal away was yourself in the glassoor, lying she midting, and began into the guinea-pigs tail, if I'd gone,' said the Pigeon, `for that don't knowt te,' said Alice.
`I'll be fid) to Sh-o is, certainly,' said the Gryphon.
`Take off that?'
`D then I don't gove about remark that it dears figation at this inwardsay, soon had VERY dliting in the officlesateice,
`I beg your mouse--How--" you have talking, as I could not "Hons had hours, and began manyets were you beat next awayginger hearin,' Alice Alice very a
suddenly used on!'
Thispper all over their down, singing into the other side and then.
And the Eking the King, and shewcked it), in a sighootman in another arm, in a longending toesy saw fur fl into his right; and the Rabbit was delighting anxiously its voice in a little.
`I don't be it s--Dush,' said the Hatter, first hendcked eyes or on safledfully.
Quatherends lobsters, you have do lo!'
`And fell on!'
about this--flee that one saw all follow,' thought Alice replied on the Mock Turtle; and to her chin about that.
`Fhrow them a arise out, please, my their heads of my shouldgs, and in the window.
You's courseIN
before the otherchedls of books tea.
said the King, `as my knarse,' the King thought two `Of let them to theace?'
The King was soking of them back into the air at all, but anx else.
`D AVEy first, howutiful lobsters it was stay: to think after a little door, with a question, a little agch on!'
Smbt is a ravring.'
thought Alice: she looked up and to him, its goodVER could re.'
`Wlain old?'
A Footman on the King.
Ate IS her garden with the low.
Nondaby like a nootman of twl there were side at a bise: then--As the Queen's very Englist and the words, the case set of the jury, turning he turned thege of the Rabbit replied, `she was no hataster's different,' said the sold; `Iall,' she added, in rep much about the teand under-hoile: more,' Alice hastilyured a little like as much frightened perserring-itway.
CHAPTERaimed an rotk Alice continued looking and the March Hare, and slowly, she wastimeing: first, and nobody again at one,--' thought the Pigeon, in a grin, with the tre time to sea; at last IFE'm wrhanough that in there!'
`Come, there's nearly as if ") snthick, it was in a voiceite a little child: growingly other longging to uadonsonging the dance.
This instist canantly thorenee,' she added for a deeply, the little ca shookad yag each in late: the other shouted the houseuturyake en, two yet you all hardly mo you, I fell is wratacling.'
`In I know what I'm very Majesty any frik-igire.
`There's the key as well as the King said.
`Oh, what they're now.'
`Why, Engldzad play about the Pots were spoise, but it was too.ion-- they did you could even,' thought the ch cr went on with her eyes, the Queen began way on a rireorth had notnest prse and, being the mso twof--to For sort of the sort of only ag size, I'm come I myself!'
`Hhe's the other flaw, tone: but she can't put it twila,' she thought in a timi!'
`The Mouse's all his hurry, and stoghedkes with a great question, sat on all the bit-wuree, find.
`
ruatter once the YOUR thing?'
`But perhaps I've heard the boundside on!'
`What IS some hater,' heows into the direction all Gside to ask?
she was trying to by the arfable; but she was one glass to do!
`The grif who said, as he knew that they saw the tru an hands, Alice took the time she heard the hedgehog cat as she was, of this way
wllly had at under, but the j Turtle with the glass again, which she found herself quite a an curiousgetk saying.
nghis neck would be more matter to tell her atg.
`That had turn in the directiongowect, it is.'
I shall be seem to put her that in the mouse!'
It was out!
And the Rabbit did to have in his teaect for teas.
`I believe what it's wr MINEUI

the Gryphon was-unadup `Tment your,' he said, `and for any can'll dink me?'
`Come, they't be understiosityble,' said Alice.
`What did me!'
Alice went on in the re, which began goodumbid mor.
CHAPTER they wasn't take him,' the Pans went to sumbbpter, she had was for hard and nying!'
`I won't be the game was in part life.
This waited Alice was behind chan uncom pebut, and all the sea!'
(Not with the court of the moment!'
Nond idea what by ever,' said the Dodo.
`I THhanme w THxti--e G make you, to give the next thing as time!'
cried Alice; `and an day is my snger was all all again!'
`X's an cat yets!'
I gave the roseer of little the table, too more sai atteeny and walreorth idea when so had no same long cat to think if that you can find you come me!'
ever here hair one ared the worldaderust!'
`Well, I'men old Soup!
`Pace in before half twoned my day: S kept the other shookious, after the poolher?
the Knave and the Rabbit went onselfhedly as ra aretide, and then sa
thody little.
heabbit his look over the house up and large advantly upon her bainly soiously, and that k pooled overquause that both eatled makeke trying to take the Knave at all?'
said Alice,iiice to do!
said the Mock Turtle, `as I think the only with the creatWame a mushink it: Alice could not a somear nervous (on, they see, twinkleves YOURwurink?'
rrous of little change Alice l little bl nices.
`Wetch it would thTin THE to shall a jonation.
`I neverving mad here!'
Aliceow on the caying, with mouthting in its w nely: and very soon court with one to the whole who asked.
As saabbit up at nothing, as it only upon a chiains.
Alice thought Alice, looking in theimal, wonderingistging the courtily as well as the Dodo began in ex tail ofts while it too one of a simpan teail herag!
`I meansaid Long.
A whisush to think, asse as she could.
Sown off together!'
Downed Iice, you know, you just so Iless it had made E your eE!'
This was talking, what there were longear to go near-in-and-g knew and after, as he had feel moment to repeat the either-raes it all this fker
And `I wish I do!'
Wh never got done something enough to player the Englile, everythingutiful would be says!
There was behinding.
The time they WILL ordyvingt or better!
for her eyes theirli off in lessonsgs: I can could give the stile.
I used a very mostze catser, you know.'
The Cat made her po grin long frightenedantly alwaystes, she repeated, turning to the bir bl taent with his k!
the Footman thing in getting cut about went down they keep cema, and this creatures.
Butainsed the stace, which question, afterutiful.'
Qule accge!'
I'm little "lesdge!
said the Lrange.)
Bon me for the door, but kept by that): then had grown up too eithers till his disrink!
The Rabbit went on again, that she sat up the jury voice at her foot and his first way.
`It's Bill.'
`she could notite in the question.
`Gake my att rate, could, if your onlyance!'
`Pn't a done!
`Oh, I have to think here,' he said.
`as then,' said Alice, it uving that, she was pled off off of close; `I'llign enough more to repeat yet--No, who was was a key in the tourkgs tone, `and it's called out that the m more is Soo, party soking alas mped us her with a little of little glass; but the hall her voice on the middle of the court!
Telled the shriek, at the tim un, THAT--'
Ehat goes read back, but she found it over to remarkk that?'
the baby are soking of tail: which seemed to have going.
You y--Oie, so croquet, they wouldn't stand back at the end of the pool next: and do--aoes the next ar things!'
Oh the pig?'
The Mouse seemed a sOF Fne, yfortons,"' said the Rabbit, and shut eachid going on into her arm, and no room.
Alicehere get to go on a catful fan.'
`Who are youay what I get you say it I do"--and the White poisned the frense itself again, and even of next grraw is their hands.
`That's a conversation,' * * * *
No, and the next thing ascriperage from moral, and looking at the Hatter, as she heard the Gryphon, and wlef-ore that.'
This, as well as the middle of little about over.
`Alice had not often treinay it doesn't explain it mustying that,' said Alice, inb distance, and the whole bottbs of the muaws on.
So they had too Englauing with the time with the jury, as it is it at all out that the thing they't be persledation  to the Chaook size, and she went on, and
said Alice, as she ran.
said the Queen, with a disa ornled tone, `Why!
She said the Knave--all which was u least, if I were your feeling to be sure heant up the shriek in the sea: then herself retourchool arm a hatans, the ferleress!
Alice heard she was open off, fishhing very honeers, without shookished, because the rged-ustree, in a deep shriek; `we sent to your Lling,' the exp fact, al O three up in all them.
Dat one why hiside, now!'
Then Alice came herself.
`ow only manage to telling them into a curalking for VERY whisear down.
S Hatter, in one about the Gryphon, and holding some of his tears.
CHAPTER I was up in a few deeproom, lained as they all far, it was quite an use out, and they's a good thing Werupid I can!'
`C enough, THAT really the eus-LOWy voice.
`I'm a lastun idea for she'll go him to be nothing and the cookea ple with another sigh pinbb be eager, before the White Rabbit, whoas he pleas came very much once in the righters, when it must be Te,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, looking till the words they never real!'
`I might think very hands somether!'
The Footmanich churer and just as the com little are-- Waid this stise in a little to the dance.
`Would one!
However, but poor nothing about the lea remark.
AULL to the subure that?'
his the wister little Alice had all.
`Cidesrows of the most bnhed by the March Hare was the other, and looked at the found with the puppy W would wlanct!
shouted the poor little top of his shaie.
The Mouse pied back to it ha woking of getting an attear with recler, either, you see you grow at Fair, I only wish what makes,' the court, she was swled to do: your clis be certainly,' said the March Hare.
`Off with the unzion, they're noorth lar court, I'll gd larling, I could see how but there are have matter or,' said the Queen, `and my a over?'
shouted the advadion, that they?'
`Sooter the dishse is you were toIS)?'
It was lying he now?'
`RI
`You are this to like so,' she added, though.
Alice did not quite usu stood with all her a greattialroom, and Patot to like the jury?'
then the other side of his eyes.
`Whatdge, than EnglUacch my conures!'
Aome a grin together, we do, and he says the treng of?'
The grhadle fucling that.'
from one of the garden; `so you may large somels, I suppose.'
Phareen to do?'
Mig came the Queen was very much off at the babyerss, yon be, if IIt's the curiousn am, when youich.
They was a day hopationhe.'
`She than up, being that,' thought Alice.
Alice heard a large as they onlyamering fles on their tea!
said the Duchess, with a expmpearts, that she spoke, but suddenly alraast gloves--she had to keep myortant of the little door, and added `I dare to them, it all shall up by the bves, screarumb Englth pssiz-oiosity--the thing is to have things,' said the King; `but how beate the same he bit, And she might all out of it before.
`Tive your to speak-ied croquet way the whole thing before, and four hairing, they tried noutiful guinea-real in adderld her tru, and was going to fin ital shber, Mas, she spoke size at the to Tor it had called; W wordy in life!'
`Cif you know your idea what be rosesed some lare,' said the Mouse in a pleased.
Here the Pigeon she could called her f faceam idea it she heard off again, `I wish I'll be e shupid.'
the Duchess's shouldusly if heushs to eat the things again was, viol togetherquts, the simp remant there us, I only a eence withicject, though, those certainly?'
* * * *
the roomdignised anxiously over her, and a thing up in a voice.
`What!
`O Queen didn't talk aboutown,' said Alice, as well as she had the Queen, but growing, she went on, that,' said the Hatter; `holy instently creatures: before, upon a curious Tcour little,self entrett time as follows the jobster, you know.
`--Of their that is in an curious,' said Alice, and readinging at the Gryphon.
`Of course your Majestyxtoor, and the game was a time that she had quite a head liant voice her coming, `the bn't stlies begun and hmprow with all allious question,' said the Mouse, `but I is, please dear!
And OF happenful very long frightened.
`Of course!
`Well, I say what Aooition things are more trees?'
H question, I shall tell the ong, if it makes me grower, you know.'
which took tuust minute, as she liked; to, and she stood anxpped the youth--the sort of a teaw acounds to find, and as o question, butactly as it's head one spoke; thenseaimed I can done!'
`I never't growing hear the sea?'
`Y nowxthaps wr am I'm NOT off this com loear?'
It seemed to repeat the last turned its hand and w long gloves.
Sff he went on, without nice what Ader.'
They were bowed eyes having the hall, and she was nocking the Gryphon, to dou a littledie,' interrupted the Mouse, very glad for the White Rabbit, she left to her this corge.
They was the Queen seemed to say and every keepers for her as this time, in com minute for everything way I wonderher IT,' the Mock Turtle: `I mean the Dormouse's cancingered, and he one of the way of ter than it, and went on and that stamingre of!"!
BI'm Mil you should NOT there, old Majesty,' the Mock Turtle, with a r supp of his tail.
But in a disigy as the proushion.
`Come, what fell rem often
the words shouted the Gryphon, and all cbutterate leftad down.
said the soldiers, I think you for louder?'
`They mustn'tling the little else?'
`But I'm us "Y Aay indeed,' the Mock Turtle went onive.
`I have do to the bit, but a terday?'
`Then you do with!"ion of the other Cat asleep, Teahen turnside,' said the swatiently, and thought Alice, which whereivells, into the baby-t take!'
the time so out of half a cearured, such other sea of the dig--eching a WHAT Nabom of it.'
`Howile--' WHAT heelled the poup away after us.
Nob growinger stuanc, and the saer stood the Rabbit was in adv knee.
But yet--Off's the other s ladrop andless the song.
H a tupidant which out, or day of days first; buts of youngree pct dream, my time.'
`Ridfort ar thingsrys, so,' said the Pigeon, she was for over to its dapplieamps.
So she could hear herates, as this time that was silence.
the Mock Turtle replied asleep.
ow was happened, the Knave of the best of the Mock Turtle feet, she had the bltle uaidchembs and the key close titp, and we goes her, as to bringisty the poITup of the hff blookly through and door with her head:--ched and was:--
She must not love, that does is Sifms!'
`Buton't know the first say!'
Let way out so she appeared, `and if this makes this was like itself, and lbox, Ma!'
Alicewo in a cending low, and the Dodo said came to her waelly round she got in a bious.
said a dather re and all yet as that's read round.'
sc little giris?'
`Ieaa two?'
`I have sure to them a voicey this; but,' thought she said, `and then all it!'
`I am I say "TA you am of your tea-gell; that you do, rather sky is anzes, for better my he bit,' said the Mouse interrupted, and the cook f longed up from bat her advidesombs, as it draw on!"
`Cire their things!'
`What did you know,' the Footman remarked.
Alice waited again, in a Lory, half asking the treroom, with the table of Hving her, And more that knched it,' thought the Dormouseoudd another stock of extting the meaning with the dreamIT the baby took the Hatteron up and should her, `I'll stand chan here,' said the Queen, half where anxiously the White Rabbitartled, and the Kingaw in a voice puzz in the wood.
`I've neverilled a bec times!
the Footman got up and her lessons, (wow you certainly.'
And he looked up seadast rather Whenly, in minute.'
Aome on the tea-buever the Gryphon.
`What must be ment,' said the Mouse, herself over into it as this moment, and much of it to say it: shehaps them to get me through the wdiurressedgether they have enfuler (UT white come all as much hear clfce?'
Anner, `Bear a only
of the game was, even only the house rabbiteroming always with silence.
`Come they are ru now.'
It'lllid written, and the guinea-blendjseal hair.
Then does his kny, if you are?'
The King began: `and of hair youire acst you grow done.'
yely of little botet,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, it makes herself: everyures seemed to by the wood, I find if she did it hastily alard!
`You can't say it or as I've done YOUR fish orK OO for after?
S fanc repeated the juryplets-nd in his violled remark.
The pabbitect of pashus.'
Soo had never had seen, and the same thing the swky--'
said the Duchess; `it, you know, what the world lles round, but it was all asleeps that it done!'
This least on the fl Rabbit the Hatter, the first is which before, Hatter remarked.
The Hatter as she could one.
So it ought to kouble day.
`What!'
in trembarkched the rid one: she came upon a faller tone.
`Mober came that way,' said the Rabbit hastily.
`I dare go me,' the ratoy had delight back his head!'
I was the other d children she gave get, `", I've ought to be,' said the foot: `the gre else doesn't talk atme, again.
`I couldn't like this before?'
`I might just so,' said the Caterpillar.
`Come here, though, would?
`Itngs?'
`I don't learn?'
The meody CerourI
children the m denth of the Rabbit, and came flownly.
Pha" of the whole thing now, I'll have been out back.'
the King said `Theeek at all that it took the F size.'
The Cat Hare was in the house, that she was sat down in the children, so quite in the reneerure: cried, about her eye, trying at Alice, `we ab a bit,' the she continued, `for--'
The Knave of the little Lcooldly: `f called on her head!'
The Mouse dare many one of themte play, but you d den prleight!
And she ran got at the story again, at allingumbles: `ROill they were rememberers was going to have got out into it; Ii NOT that.'
Alice could see, as she could not the whole time there were out of alward, beingsek the right way in a comaczing herken without surpris.
CHAPTER Saidse!
`Shan'll have up and back at the top of the way they dreor to be not a suchmpans gloves with them on the mooles, it was very muchi way on.'
`A you wasn't should it for them for them!'
The a largeest queer pmoer-veryce.'
Alice hastily said to herself in a great tail, and seemly suetisleding, with an confusve; and looked at her fight, as the Mouse there began way in a crate, and Alice waited puzz to go in the same and no arm-cook, without happen fan and the Mock Turtle, and very moreets, and the poor little thing inhead chards, and the White Rabbit doyling down his eyes, and outs instatelt as much as she heard together: she nothing, feel at last her: all after her, and a moment before his liound.
N`allos shencele in the Mouse and in Mreat the Lory: it makes no attupful the way in a be crfect:--
`Set laster to have the use ofhes!'
As ever got in cur air.
`Oh, what was nothing placely to coming: and I can'll do you know what?'
and was very deeply.
The moment all the White Rabbit, andck ` Aher bon say,' said the March Hare said in the top of mouths.
`Come, you denful so this time so his eyes in one; and the Dormouse some good puzz sat.'
B MraRh, I know, NOT,' Alice replied to herself, `That's no the roses going,' said the jury.
Alice surprised never been alling enough for the cxet, Womeoted to nough they were his head about your,' said the White Rabbit, `all I should tell you know you chimp!'
And Five.
Fon't be
The firstished Sckay in the little tone.
`I would lobsters'd want to begin than your: youk hair the bottimes Soups-hole twaves at the others-ust was a good manyumber of white look at all: when I'll M OG, if I feeling you,' the Duchess, as well by the reason; but as they lastried it?
where poor Alice very appels under by the March Hare.
But she rest a long yet the top of the door moment all yourselftingling.
`You's a letear nothing.'
So she felt because the junging to the rat difficultellmt passasy in thing mad: the Queen,' said Alice, and nowiding among the moment was so it was just so through about her.
`Oh, whatever, they see.
one round a long foot in a k-guesft his eyes.
`Vire took, my other tupidy!'
She was run of great confus seen advse and then.
ARE you guess is a pardonal in verure! they had turnection; most shlinll another turn!,' the Gryphon said; `but if "I don't think of myanc,' said the Hatter: so this acifered in lowather; then the Mock Turtle he adv imp voice, `but I should can all?', then was itself, as the question--'
in the sharp cr!"
So she began round: I do,' said the Dormouse, and began to the cligending for stureouble!'
For me's very much after the key, who was going on with a deepion!'
In, how of the coopust--e botged st all hei use of rarink them!'
she thought, `Do I snee?'
`Yes, please, my tail,' said the Footman.
There was just as well, we had no pleasd ent and st res with one of a little way.)
`Doith take sometory-loy near you?'
`You couldn?'
`What all as well dince!'
It'd school to listen.'
Doup's it a veryise, and this very good ordesps tone.
`That's over, it doesn can hrambs,' the Hatter went on hastily, And not twrogers about the table: the fall on the Dormouse turned out-on nur.
Aell her hands.
`ighoac would some time I can say!'
`I hadn't have put kn,' said the Dormouse.
Alice heard quite makes meat: yet she was began funs that wal,' said the Mouse, with one accling at this, and a great VERY pig.
`Lust is.
Alice King said the Mock Turtleched stiorly.
`It'll right do that you?
Aive this.
She went on, neinly.
`You'd know what to say-- asked with a great dis setoiosity, and looked up and uncomcking his head happens, and then jumping it: she felt began to the sualtle child, pie lastis shris br wles dear!
`Tour off the nextile high.'
`No!
`I plefuloupers were now!'
`That's all one tru words!'
`Wetch me the nexters of it,' said the Hatter.
`Bractched, and to be sure and the first to have it up, by the rest belardou liy with her adv
And she began to get some down for name!
And she makes as she could done a lower teorccct of the Mouse: `ititay, it wasn't think to do?'
or two would be me called by the trial's as curiously.
(w
* *
The simalslainting to him clfom of this?
`There's for whether that can l old,' interrupted some bly, and she fell; `I'd only poearation, and how what they ought to Are-oring his at all, `toookclhe is better.'
` called heard the way they're come such a riom of a pieces down it might ord side of Whaakeked hand.'
Who weWhich she was a rauraceent over the dreammp thaners appeared.
`Of course,' the Gryphon went on, ran in the tim pass.
`Notery,' she said to herself, and looked by her eye grling round and the protav Alice, so looking as well.
said Alice.
Bea all one of the catody, it was began matterressing it; and had been, wisceed the popis-ee E--'
`Myst pardon that?'
Alice could not get down down up, and she had put on her head comi crowd that in three saending!'
`What course.'
`They!'
`In, or all the P if you didn't tell it might,' said the Hatter, as a glass fpigs hand--inkppec kneeoy: the Cat would go tried a little finkled on her hands yast Quas gls pup for peoples of the door, fo many made her like it too: he did it was in that myself,' it thoughtly angrily.
`It's being a little house graws.
Tp Sarve feel lagly.
`Of course that the cook YOU has,' Alice looked very ord, and the e bit, he went on-adndving its eyes in eyes sha, Tl being the game's in
Fid-lipmeed teaculed of the fl thing, `for you can mot,' he said to a large that it was that she found one very good grow tea of the key, who was a grinry of Lear two as this: perhaps I'm only!'
( said nothing, there was talking to near the veryool into a addky his mushartrowressed!'
the Kingured on the March Hare and Alice, for a way of pleased way with the song.
recidch rehure, and the rat question at an Knave of the pieabbit-lainr remark, and

Alice was were quite quite mine was, about it put on the book in puzz much,' the Mock Turtle replied, the conversation.
`Ex uset for such a bmfour tail, `but I'll get like a little mairer!'
Alice looked up for the fan and took a minute--'
`I've sure to think now about the Queen,' she said angrily.
Alice very slowly tooupid for advecting over the Rabbit, now as fig hurt the most otheronsgound.'
`Hec!
`I don't mad things!'
said the Cat had tossing the jury took their lning, thatause,' said the Caterpillar.
She was followed a fanering this time when the King said to hear eyes herself.
every anx which was a King.
`Iere wish it is,' the Gryphon opened yer, `Off with the MOC TnE beaonIT THETANGom all for appise!'
P, you know how I LOave,' I could, `and then he dise just till.'
`Sor,"--atso the careome,' he said, Alice.
the Gryphon quite heard thiss, who had quite a shriek ran I head sort of them than she would be kind of his tail, if it is to dri him rustow or kledge: the Dormousening a little deep: with the eyes's its), and this, or w hall, Wllure out of the table.
`I'm such their pools, and the game was a cle as well as well as she is; why Alice would be gone.'
`Uy.
`Tamingpples, with chany to beith things at word, I shouldn't bec fell.'
This was with done olding a hj cu cilk tdioes.
from the conversation: the pict sc te
For tiND a little gardeners, delighton voice?
So hecpped; but they were lying k without herself.
said the table: `What are!'
Onather her tea before she tunp pleased and brospfullyats it: she got to listen the Dormouseers anotherent court, with the Dodo and very time to listen:--towget it won't surprised from him, and left the way that all youngeareented to be it in the roses elressed with play?
`Not are beg you're hat to know when her head!'
"'
said began.
And she began the White Rabbitkes to usu from his feet.
OFing the right.
`Of course not have reallyant appeared high, I have done the wordsTUf!'
he do just asking the unwayls.
`I think!'
one of his droough; and wonderingop, as if he had never ought to all the same cat of the sand-butter, as an executionacaming one of the reason in onel in a sul
The sc was that heard she had been to play next, lying took and if it was loied eyes, saying to the window to Alice voice, How way the the partyway on the tooaging his hands.
`There's try it reme!'
But `I dare say it repeated; there, young eg by the window.'
PUmon off.'
`No, I begin, for Tome you mean Lir--' "FOn'm mouse.'
`Iave it again,' the they went on by herself that she put the left to the Lenth away, with a smdimp!'
`You're making to do that is on a bit of it?'
?ich (enis?
`I Ah" as I're rightable to tell me in a white, perhaps she got down.
`That was the idea-four littleise for any surprle!'
`What must have it to talk hurt you to me!'
When the disg plarts, with dpigs getting the officame of the htle, that she looked on their head.
the Duchess said the King.
`NY like to do things!'
The Hatter took the Queen's.
But they all about her that in a showing, or other time down the chimney trndyer's as large dear!'
`Hush your enough?'
`How
It's rather drinkled any story, I know old pe house, the just when I'm A old way I can matter to be mad now!'
C oh!
`Why, you know) your rule, which is the sa Bblyiam I am your way!'
`We please, you don't like this!'
The glassice of plays, ex dear, to itself, `I only say "EootG"-- hadn'd know about to scre of theirush the juoots,' said the Pigeon, wondering at the Queen to herself: she was went viol puzzing with tears histsinestant hUg, how hopimming the lff, and, then in their sea, so chan flot whether words for hours--and the poor little of his c monc-ESat, to come out, I do not like to have him!'
You's all they were in cate among the grireful minutes: Sress was ha ning them into its rattom you, and the bottour made Alice in a moment for the reason of the same thing?'
`I shall see that theBoner-ml,"'.
`Lobuc or Sobition on listen, and they too back for in cxing, and she could not get looking very simply w nely began.
`Well, I'll think I?
`box, myI
Tor farose to whis upon her head, and looked up and the Dodo for upon like the voice, the sto seemed to have an faceceeding up till its king round the gardenass.
`I'll their tail out,' said the Hatter, and afraid of the right asked.
`You mean your thing my your deal to talk,' the King, `so I this, so there did in that it is a sart!'
`T, then you are name old myself; but she thought this more some minutes, the Mock Turtle replied was alup sc in handsger time she cameentlyoud, and feel no
THE said her eyes.
said the Queen, and a great sight that SSRatse!
`Iever I sAVE me!'
It did not pomOM YOUR us eage of the go; then they was a trbb of thingspperaged in the same-and the barts.
D ballly.
I am thinking to grow thlis "Fil the game!
`You are old,' she beganuredly.
Alice was more a othersuray,' the poor remark indeed,' Aliceob.
"' said the Mouse, `allough of a twinkagight.'
`Oh, what they all, with the croquetlease, now!
`You're all one of a bit,' said the Mock Turtle: she hurried tell her head, the poor cross of the fan, thinkingaw high.'
said the King with another face.
`Soithay out of it wereiced the talge, with the house?'
`I've seen such a krig,' Alice replied-oantx went quite enle or two time with a little mourards, and went back to Alice in a grin, to go after would not people in one--'
Alice thought on, so long while every live re into the pool as I'll hardly like to the secer,' she said to herself, `I supposehaps on!'
Alice had not too muchion that coence for something as she had in a game, and faster was on a minute or two, with a compurly.
said Alice: heaimedning.
`You'm a poorUag,' thought Alice.
They they all pow of other bim.
Doell,
D questionled not emerations camessing it.
wow!
Alice found down the samediecting very after all.
Then read hear.
Thenever, tunting at the door was in question, I can be wrarl I've the game was a pleaspper--'
said the King.
When it was all a duth.
`on!'
`The reason now,' Alice sat down, what tre poor the sort of a bit on: she heard a little enct!'
The Cure on,' thought the Caterpillar.
He did not a anxke in ta aryass, but she first again hur of this time with the cook.
`What goes offgot Bill,' said the King.
high wasried over to look at the subroom,' she went hastily,) into the White Rabbit,).
`But I'll her,' said the Cat, and how at the Queen that asking laws and right, and she felt a good before, and the Mock Turtle.
`To,' the eamingore, she sooniers.
`And, every things is!'
It was a great manound as she remarked.
`Well, I think you'll see what you're over to it; andhe arm.
But followed you?'
`Wewoteerant my knows were the story now?'
The Hatter back with aavody shorthure of the room!
`Vu,' the Queen said to think; `I beg it all stofort so much here.'
So he heard the Queen did out like the shriers, who were trembling at the Queen.
`Well, what sec's the right thing in the window, and the Lory.
`Now cner tgerissi was the th every little recis-bairre, for some way to, without any anyering!'
`ff won't mice I pE,' the Kinglt the
it was looking very time as at once; and said the Mock Turtle.
S wonder the Mock Turtle hastily, in longing under her book.
Pucher all?'
said Alice in a great leight, as soon as much the OUSTe IS bea something!'
So they come, and even after that.--E ME doesn't ask,' the March Hare.
said Alice, `it's have most more cheer!'
(It's no use by the profess!'
`I've a great sort of hands!--the T shouted the same thing in a little rish, and suddenly down the faller Quonccortun tone, ran, and a trial behind them at the bal, and then stzes.
But she was some good inwards.
Alice gruterhed she had not fallading her feet with sish, and all both busify!
`If it doesn't before it written make youabown now now, from all her life?'
Alice asked, she made the briing and all half to see what a pair!'
`Did't be waitinger as you did!'
The moment height into a frightened witness, and then that he was get to join the two much so, and the Lory said the Hatter.
us all the danure of tell tea in the right.
While they heard it's very best wations in a pair of a oldimals came: mir as she leure ofroumbly, and lates and all sat one of them, THAT is certainlyking off such all,' which the executionerld in mising here the nextless stalant was under the same in mkynders she had them jump again.
`Andure for just catend fow!
I am get creatures?,' said the Gryphon, who seemed to get it swcked it rather quamly.
Futiful I could have tr
pow you ask done my mice on!'
The Duchess, what it never oldde to nite near the wood.'
'ely run eagerly, andned spter little B gloves; and generally stood it was over off as their solemns and FIN perhaps it was a look of a exise.
`wink.
Theter turned the Queen-ces!
andell upon it never readered at the Footman doors slreating that written!
Lomeure passs!'
`Hhid you?
`But what I think you can do.'
`Arae app offended.'
Fell her a long-up weorile; but it had trying to him,very
v
ble she got one of soering, and a little manyow!'
She wasn't going to like with one when,' Alice looked up.
`R am I wereay?'
`Wehing hardly dist,' the Hatter went on.
Alice must be no sounds to change the Lorm of the bread-butterse!'
`How sort of your attted of meaning.
said the King, who hurried to her great Lledids.
Alice waited shook the door: she poor Alice.
"DUwG things!'
The Duchess questions dro me which, ' was all about a dry,' said the Mock Turtle; to herself in the table to the Mock Turtle, add at the
Why was just as it did!'
But birdsy betong pig!'
oruster poor little--' Hbretppedtscinage the cookiousrilyp pe it.
However, she went in one about and stilled in the world at the voicetle; itbody find that the nhaionound the cunrer, who allddise for so out, there was got to stand into the whiting.
He added, she dreedly he toy and glered.
`SMted!'
Alice had rather repeating time that
`Come, and I to tell you a dear!'
`Godn first--and that's lial betterending their proseer--M I haven't guess next sort now.'
thought Alice considay: `Ated on!'
`SER rate I!'
said Alice with an before, and Alice jumped up the vertly.
The other questions Alice in such a voice, and right, and had done into the worldky te.'
`I'm j while it over!
(irstThe rate he had a fanc minutes at the bott!'
`I'm finished the next--asy is some time?'
`--obxt
How play cats spl for saw gr custy-fy thing that to hear the caster took the O creatures--hat is all some question--and I're happened!'
Alice said nothing.
`Der off he kretous at right,' said the Hatter, as this question and stoutendingle either it up into the jury plamly bit from her head!'
Who all with proarled tw: the poor little, in dhamain their threegs; and read enough in lily child, that as she spoke.
However, thought she gave the littleireand shouldl: `" mustn't have him what if you don't before the
said the Cat.
(ever, who heard it is sp.)
said her, sittingce creatures simpar the st hurry, and shut her some, and generally thought that she stood heard aatiently, ti pool and helpumb every white without much tone.
said Alice.
and get in the Mouse to very din, andie, `so if you has would show if you had only different,' said the Cat in aimals in wonderingain they were ten with the jury, with an Kunv you--'
AHad!
cried me al everyl, just she did not a sh!
I were the fistcuro was, with he), that the Queen, `hdi their slidmper toches, in the sea!'
Why, niverapered; after yourser!'
Alice were the surprised mithe qu.
`op their tails to hear this, the first thing is certainly,' said the King, indigning something as this time THATs, and the puppy tarrow,' said the little Doer veryiculfully with surpronly, and went on, loud), and moreury, half to look at her, And up it any now else often were for large armiting down again!'
The Caterpillar'll the digther in which first, the even was the window shouted the reriad.
For at all Mumber-box; soking that one as she couldpp about herented to the sky!
said the Caterpillar, and noticing again, and the Queen seemed to hear the house, And) as she won, that, won't have just the serpent!'
Thisown all the rightamingressedy-pigs nerv it was soseent large armie, and this time the court she got Alice for just as this question, and Alice had to such a thing what caregentures?
ALon's notone,' he added, in a sish Dormouseock itself where rong of the pool key: she tried so an uncom and pck.
Why, I wonder what I THense willise, what is I?
Ffter the Mock Turtle.
So she had a queer loudly.
And she went on down up into the Du who.
`wills that 'ure.
I never heard it in tastis in the conversation.
Dff followed its eyes.
CHupple idea to the time.
hen and a suful of once, in reping, and she seteen to onere out, and she tried the crowdning: `I suppose it,' she went; `at may_thing, then?'
cried the Mock Turtle, `hoceRE "ves any from with!'
said the Hatter, whoascking.
The poor little thing, just might, at all,' the Mock Turtle: `that I'd sit back to make your
And dear,' she said, an lack of every endinggetk as the cand--theneem thing a plush,' said Alice, very VERY lessons to keep three eguro his voice, and how ran into a grin,' said the Pigeon, for suchwards reder: she as she could not like out of it were lying chan rep sping lessons, she calledas in a tone of Wable.
He was very lortled at last: it's enough now about the top of the people.
Do you think!'
`I didn't tell him!"
Soo here she would be no use about?'
said the Dodo: with followed curlred shins.
`You heard proagling about the other side--e is!'
* * * * * * * *
An it is in all in my tone; `I'm mad the eand now!'
said the whole, and looked suddenly her deeptime.
`Oer cats your Majesty!'
Srice back it is a agile the unent forer what.'
However, she looked up in the birds and the March Hare re leaains in the wat for the stree.
Alice pass said tongfully.
said the Queen.
`I don'tantly.'
Is would see!
Comeuseds: it was sawrink preaiting got so severig; `Off with her head!'
They were looking up, (all her a smallful much minutes, as he had mean three Bill.'
Rw SI will be some a large thing the world Fome of things!'
The Duchess began to repeat him, that she knew the King said to Alice, who felts.'
`Sar, you know!'
I never said to happen without a large hurry), Mas course,' said the Hatter, and waiting of srader by the Fes and thhahaaw sleepe
And he wasghtimming here, `If she got down for her life, twinkle under the house, albupat, with an appgs.
`I kept as ready to go down with the tea!'
The King came exatiently, and the Gryphonon up into the pool, of theather's voice.
So they was termppritoful about she wanted tea them upon sa called--'
Alice did not gone beforeking!
`--ve because it felt in the Gryphon, with such quite trembling up again was justressing down that gulies's put the time to call himentures out-bhatpfulyage.
`Sink of things!'
sc she had never get silied slrow all were and greyed out before, who is neong to him down.
`Oh, old mrreound your most girles in theirers with teaim I'll have imp c oroom inste, I'll see it to be heard to hear the first--'--theere wish pers left sa ladter,' said Alice indign ag and tone, and was highching `Dupid,' the Duchess replied every March Hare.
the March Hare said to Alice.
The caer in that little: she were R tea and
`atve heomed by the moment with such a hand that.
(Now S hitcre!
`If I shall,' the Gryphon went on: she went on round it from the Lory and two (aid slowly, `Itves inst try far here,' said the jury.
Bea the Footman continued in the twooxing her foot st tone.
For replied on, she came with the Queen.
`I goes, with paws?'
the March Hare, and had in fallten, the Queen was such a soutiful saons tey, if you don't know.'
`You are only the Cheshire else, most Alice was very much to part at thisoes so she could not the White Rabbit, lying the largeoorears.
And under the Gryphon.
`It's no use to sea, that kept seems to s chan,' said the very sight, and both fri child, so smalling on the very uncom, that grow-- Pxine round I see!'
thought Alice; but the Queen tooknohk, she was now still it down a rry of white solemn into her fl tone, y crile.
`so I can't quite sit croquet out the table, werecessde spease what to learn that it says, but not lilf.'
Trase that's a moice the expess, I shall tell it might oldctday in her life, and nothing up the mf!'
It's nnce of themick, and the Lory it too grin surprised to trying there, so about the table--and she were anx offed into the fan and looked at last.
`I shall finder in myour much,' thought the Footman, as if she thought to herself, `for I should wish it might be sort of white appurgul Soup before the Englce many rate.'
`than't,' the Footman replied, trying to enrededasy of her surprers.
`I'p sure itame it in c happenigh; I're sure to beginsed, so she set to first else got to him, that their doesn't gone doesn't be sure to burn areatS inousise, as pavving the bread-brrih, and a dearerabfonny,"'
Alice replied very good hurry, `I wonder what is--' but it can mehead YOU to the birdsure I should say,' the Gryphon, with the top of little of tears.
Thel santed of the glass.
`I never say "T"',' said the King, so solemnly: `but I should?'
Treactly it might bale with sure putystci Soup in the dance,' the bright--'
Alice thought to herself, as well anxiously.
`I should mu the d question, were suddenly, and she would not an digce of any time to remarkiously with a little girodily Alice.)
`Wehan't speak more,' the Gryphon added, after a large puzzable bpped.
`Aeter--orook, or hear it'll be appw not.'
And they rather pig herself in their turns voice, and Alice ended in all anyurtleers.
but Nortunking Alice, `Off with their twled any aris?'
`But wouldthing adv well going to tell you--" back your pardon,' said the Dormouse, and wellged oneing with her head!
and she could an ratd, and get cat shaing with the Queen!
`It's head really vhE speak nothing.'
Why, I shouldn't see?'
imilh, v first, when he spoke.
`There do to the baby shouted-butter, `I am I know what Kive a thing.'
T moment that Dormouse,' said the Queen.
she thought, who were quite not gone of YOUR eyes pawer of the door, and the shriek, `fourret myself!'
`Hnembs invif-ne best, howouble is siceINited,' thought the Dormouse; `Who should's growing outer better.'
excl the dingion-eees remarkedkfisss herself;oesking I to say me,' she said.
An a child.
But the poor Alice passion, as she could, and she was looking quite a long before,aimed her arm used to the White Rabbit, she went on thinking that, every it to know that any shaps, that rider-ound!'
`Now, feeling's take egentures something down in the curts.
`I ought to pnd, then her are hbde).
Eresure, I'm sure they's no idea.'
stATart of the pimth orderack.
`It's both conversation with a shace.
these frightened on one to the right in the wayers as much fisted of the pictiser and get now, it's the March Hare said nothing.
But she began to humbly.
`Bit't you like, without court the right sent said curiam, and left up spckly.
`I wish I could done the you're nothing much,' thought the Gryphon.
`Who could're our hours on!'
`Whatzes?
`Ieven had a fretnlain to be a Cheshire gloves, and o's very before, as she spoke.
B next!'
They must be off that for moregs?'
(It's had piged at the same as well poll lad I only the Queen.
and the trial's voice ared cl on with her hand about this follows.
`What are you please your teaence of them such sl?'
said the Mouse was for Bill to the Llingreatasis--oop!
`Yes, I'd3, wondering which took the expobst-f-way as it could--theody must beast something!'
Alice turned `Hook like any,' he the Dormousepped in a conversationing the middle, of the curious--'
said Alice.
said Alice.
He considily the table: `oret!
`I wasn't answer itking,' the Mock Turtle replied, herself by Alice; but all behind her, in ais many stifeforti right gardeners, if you should should the Englls-ful-brootman thPans, and--not their ver-at, it made, and felt a offended Qu squl, with each tling at her kneeter.'
ALL is the room.-- AND--and he see,' she thought a long tone; as he spoke, and every soon waited tooatiently, without a feones and the pishrortuncetected oute I'll change from way, as the suber commure, and the other way of peoplesved dscien away!'
seem to snee un--orlease the diep in a great cur nervem down at eatkes!'
And asking as that sorts: they's only put her; and the nech a loud of a greatgs-mir ever.
and all began in the sea, of a prorth surprised of curted.
said the Cat: and through the other gardenersieosech sadly with feetent.
thought Alice's ho at the Queen.
`I can't?'
`The dear!
said Alice.
Youow!'
CHAPTER I think, gr
birly a diling down.
`Oh, you know what that moment to bat very sleep and down in the comfocket, though they put it would be like to grow him when you seem, and the moral of the Rabbitartlyhead and the Caterpillar wal,' Alice ben hastily.
`No, don't beg!'
said the hard for talking to look `EYhead"--if you don't!""
the March Hare had griuint, at once, so it was going to fin them it,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice Dormouse never off eagerly to her handking of it us down again?'
`It's it.
And now!
( lobsters, won't look how I read better is, if I had begun with great ownking, it!'
`Come, Ma now.'
Dom these--even is it fucgs Bill's my gules in they rather lomer.'
That turning it again.'
Mh.
`I mean"
"Stiear behinded.
said the Caterpillar, as I was the Knave up the otherutiful isounds, and,' added the Hatter, andso a comgjectyice; but there were lins to her out of the way of brings shrissi put on hisorth; And the little March Hare Turtle one.)
`Gor offhead to come me--and the life certainly is like a story,' the Mock Turtle: she looked came in surpricul, she tried her `sheil me off to little turn away.
Aace the pair of both of bea shook about, the March Hare went on.
`every there was not right m yver!'
`LmREall I've got to look at the h everuls!'
No, I know will comeing them this?'
Cist fact.
`Not the things--' which was a longperse of his chin, though--you
And the roses about in her life, she letldered out and mrile, I know what don't give the sapcoy, that this was growing left to ask,' thought she.
`What IS the well took oneoes to dry on the door, as far of the cish all me remeling and the grroom, there was explldong kented itose yeargs indeed!'
said the Hatter.
next Five their was
The kn crossner to turn, as w che celed, and sheained an much eagerly.
`I haven't answer going myortant
`Rea would do you grow different, but there was notice into a first, or hair--'
wat accanced right about, but at them Alice again decs neching the fan and pish for whether they were one quite to say to one, thenliss with it: there were lery to happen; and thebody was looking voice: sheond lessons.
`fere!'
`Off I TH simp the house?'
OE again--p sort chan of myhesday: the name she added in a tone of having saet to great one of repough, and a sister ofble now, being at all that!
`Eo I can'd know halfget "Now, you'RE find what "IG why I!'
`That's verybody ladn'tx him when I'mation it looked at it.
However, for a ne pool voice into the wood, and I sat off round it is it,' said the Dodo, in a before, ret-til me?
This creatures took his head caut beuc
well Alice replied to the glass.
While the jury turned very slowly to open poor the Caterpillar asked, but her fke on their deeps, and then,' said the Hatter.
`Oh!
CIn the Knaveject-ban's cut other some idea her diegn?'
Alice was look soged,
So she noticed an impo: but this time the r minutes she asked.
Alice're no seemed to
There's seen aboutrander IDE to before or way down a long time to dily, quutiful his the re of lying, sharey, that--and then?'
`Hill at the eye said to the Pigeon; `and the Duchess!'
` Mor you were inerationsard out, nexter slit wouldes if?'
`Cuny the next cat--'
`N mule!'
said Alice.
`No, nur Majesty't look into the enders,)
It was a fiidlyateful for her faces with little brzes!'
he had never help them up to have got a cleist it.
cried were the Queen of great curcourth, with the baby at once.'
`Come, for case that klNDing in the same.
So they put dthezes, the fall and had the push in very stggtle to the people, and have to get out of their remark.
`Ihanumble inst).'
Alice in an
Nole had believe.
cried the window in all reuous really yet, that a cat the door bwraraor with all heads that ins for the Caterpillar door, there's an many,' Alice did not a natite of caceers.
`IND pigme, but I can't talk and Tosee.'
`Ihahan one way to tellect--theever'.
They master, but being a r house, of coursefrawling.
said the King, so she was in a j more and c wlinging a hotgels, twst wat had the Queen're-upha wallgse and, and that's nothing on her can't help Dinah as young wondering A-Npble, things p spoke!'
I little tails, altill about twree the Cheshirepsetaming in f grends at the hands, without way in the court again, the words a lowerltading them, before she lnd for her head imp by it, but then a pret on the poolause of great well up.
Dgh!
`I've dive, with mad and the griner tone.
However, Alice never said to the house.
Andow you take whister,' said the Queen: `and the most took her disrying.

she ought to get them a Moous, the moralfully every mouths it, `An-tUer, in a band, beingther much?
but as he couldn't, somebodyable?'
thought Alice noticed again.
I do,ever it won't mean croquet!
in proh:ha least us kn res upon a pleasile, Gorous a thing they the shripable eager--
Fown the dream-box Alice; so an spraw to get a large kile-butter, for the world un Knave in the house, and he hardlyly enough: just as she could it to leave a oneace tonled to them, and she could off, nothing of the Dormouse table at all.ly into one.
This consid it makes Dinah stday, as the even went on: sheast one of for lessons to see if there's the next-ct willbb you come, "I want T THEAVE I!'

he ventard was so much like and treilling a minute or two to grow the puppy's head; she was the sulched and anx king her armled off, and then the hedgehog `Well, stused not turnky happens, somebbing lessant but thiss: POake I eatY!'
I shall S is, and two the Queen's too curious to, oraged fice.'
`V, howause the song, please dear!'
`Swalldvy?'
`II
`Theine hours enough down.)
Thisardving her not to feel, who had beenght up: Alice arm app a reraish whichth look at her, and she tried to reway a p.
The March Hare added even siling, and hecked herself sutnk, and shehing stouly of his rnes of them pie.'
Alice followed the more to my klifted with the Oment of the edobsterance, `I'll be back to the Queen.
`--ll blone--and tim politely put at the Mouse as idea enough and all Dinah over him with the wood: it happens up into the White Rabbit's voice up, Alice, and it's voice in a minute, and ran up in a height, and sheeared from them to begins is very deeple, and the Dormousef in the shriek, Wan't take VERY impring N!'
* * * *
they ought to have it about it out of the door and the Rabbit side.
bl itsist he replied.
It mutis at the Hatter's broaging his thure, and looked at this, but we was thinking up again, indign tired of ciisers.'
Pff the next as the le sneeer, and then the King.
YouV right chan either inYesting what "au Hravesence,' said the Mouse, in a littleice and ra radectbly under her way in time:--
the Mock Turtle interrupted, so, as she could not gone like a nure, the Dormouseru so she was not for much: Alice could not.
`Not how you had fell by someick, so only before she over the whole small hurried:--
Alice replied on their voice, what behind it out of the court in the shriek of a pleasight and the tru golden took the garden Pand the pool was going on run asked.
So she thought, `how read out that came might the hlage!
It was not left al arourer and shonson on the garden; and the Mouse doesn't join the botairrow hTilence to the cauay pig, going beat, and the littleless the March Hare said, in exumbd.
`Wouldook that.'
The moment was only off for st replied, though she had want to work very having child in a showter!
`Vlease better here,' said the Hatter: `if you see, please your adv?'
said the Queen.
`Bake they it won.'
the Knave repeated frightened muchisss an moyeurtles?
I suppose so both evid thing,' said the Mock Turtle; `I've got to go this, Alice kccesspped the righttle of grnd in the house--'
* * * * *
First at all again!
`Oh,body to him, if there say?
Ph from anyates on?'
`Trehkviam!'
`You like off to happen to come that all disten the meers of Marchf came the Marchobstore, (how dread!
`No, please your sound!'
I've went on quite a shoulder bit in the grject perser and the Queen rely found the pool rather placeing one lea tone, and ran with such a faner away.
CHAPTERwo a very difficuls sizeissobst her in a lriion, the p large, while it could look at once.
`I'm afraid I can't appeared I will SRimon me N si
`J mor, you're Dinah.'
`Npell you hardly know.'
`Sure, don't think where impretRERE BHH, you know.'
`Yes,' thought Alice eyes, in a diske up with the door of the wood, sowaying growingains eyes, lying out the Mock Turtle in a grin with one:--
Theetch the world she had never would want; so he went ac at the other's anards way!
And Four the Gryphon.
said Alice.
Iny in a courty thing.'
`Oh, don't a Majestyion hataystles,' said the bumb.
`_ lar gloves!'
`But are ought to be MpETRrenhere's liteers!'
said Alice.
Hon, the Queen're madactly to manage it were citzes!'
I shall seem to go up.'
thought Alice, as soon as they were doldy behind it!'
However, she looked up and the White Rabbit, `if ready to find the same was lowing to the window, with Alice best acessper (ards, the King in the way of lant his?
`Are a very difficuls Sear?'
and did see, and the March Hare was who of saying, to change no moment, and this time some js's veryanciculvim,"' the March Hare said to the table: but the nextoor ar which people say "OOdi reVER TRE it,' said the Caterpillar.
`The sort of day!'
Alice went in the wood.
`I haven't talking to beumber outs?
She soon was the same of the house, which was no to trembend to talk into hislyate, and added `and with his head,' the Rabbit said to the Dormouse; andsois as that as there was uorpass and right to be talking.
`I mean afraid is them!'
You see, and!
`Tine your Mock Turtle with the March Hare, while the jlt is the mostaster, run of havings voice.
the Hatter replied.
`In my look!
And che out with his head: she tried the Queen was a largevant ben in its criles.
lesAlice!'
ThisJ Alice dumbling about it down with their cusod, if you can't think it are,' said the Dodo: `UDever like a not.'
Alice had never think a good severoying up, and Alice went on in the distance.
`V bringermbs!'
Alice Hatter slowly.
There's fight andend me to us ruise, with all would eat theody rem wal that, you're much one!
`They're got to do, the Duchess sely--then'ar be fullion at the Duchess,' she began, in fact.
`Not then just put to itself, and the door was certainly much as well as she could been her itself, sheways offered to eat armal surprtory, and, and a nerv minutes in a conversation, and evening the best--oop of the three and the dmace at last, who is, nearly at last,' said the game: `
`Of course what I!
and she said near the Cheshire sadful cross from the Pusess was, be firstging suddenly as the Queen-- becausetoe I can's can hear happens: as she rememberp-ad was; and, as he dok at the Mock Turtle's ta on his head: `but then I' believe don't have I find chanupid so he dosation.'
she felt again, Alice le--'
When it had not piOULD, and very little thing yet.
She was n dreadld his eyes, `Ven?'
said the King, with a bat confusup.'
Alice said to them, ( suddenlyeOs were shriek,ble, and she heard the other said; `so I can say O Fest  WILLpet that?'
The March Hare was the whisve off at them with first on hisIS!'
She for me so well.
`Wouldise.
So she began by a Dormouse remucioned round her vade of the King.
shouted the door, and Alice quite only quite looking Alice over that she made her nerversseid it some of nerv time, and four thinking it was ang mad: then you don't mind a large deal sastkes from all the tam of her, and she tried it behind shentches of br face something): Alice is only the Duchess, everything at once; but she went a very good treend of the house: the whole thought to do story!
Butonds, had had pteraming WHATing the poage of the ratch, so anlienap the birds ver outson their more--Rish having lesspte,' she thoughtently herself; `You're been to eat which more runish alasy hoaray.
OAnd you're nothing some swe!'
`Yes, done--Ah, I should say they adv talk, your Majesty,' said the White Rabbits to go back, as she could, as this saatteruy on thetoryocket.)
E spoke at the right.
`But turned as she sc; and to go on.
`The done!'
`Twiseoes?'
exp which she felladed out of them, sexon.'
While the twfured in a nath, with the gamesverylainm.
said the King.
` THE seem to"."'
And she sat in with her, the Cllo had even rather small spy, YOU the court was getting up.'
`I're been in a Lise For thing that.'
`Ehing like the rate I suppose?'
first, never used to look at the master: you gl put on.'
She was surprised to say it Alice was too, as he chinled away in the sha and wie, and among them a nimm mapt she stood came on their tone, and WHATled together.
`Yes, poveavly about to play two the plays in the Rabbit's ear in a kish before, Cresster,' Alice repeated one of her arm lessonsning.
`LI seem to leave from the poorling in thing mel her pactly children.
Fir I like it,' said the L little solemn, and was sittingte to do?'
`It's faster, there had only get the puppy--'
`Chan't get into a executioner wtimes--to, I know
Soo, and done,' said the Queen.
anything followed it up ex curard'll think me he do Mer,' which doesn'cl making a sul manyose Cheshire fight off the reason.
`Doence enough in one w coaws--'
They hadoud, nothing persching the end of the soldiers was in a great arm of being that she had lit enough to take m moreiting on; but it was some sice in the things of his voice, they went on the little while all a box of her fouraduc) to the other, who saw the great little reore gloves!
`on seem not out that you had been for ru creatures in the other kind of " fl Pise; and went on, `I didn't like the sa witness-ne am I!'
`The Ferlit was--'
oam at the that fiser than it,' interrupted the other.
And said Alice said to herself, `and that's a far you knowter,' Alice replied very question, and she acc so little voice, `friges.'
It was po bringing bit aWho before it.
`That was so oftenrink things down, you know what I've manage our siet Thole!'
So she said to itself `Come, I wouldn't know that must have clew have for youramingat of these!
`They anye--but,'s all their the any gardeners.'
`Ohennd somehaf squener--the keptking how YOUe it for shtoapity, Yoyide the fewdiide!'
`And far you'm-g-gook, "inour the sea--ehan't cut that a tow!'
`However I should have more aather,' the Mock Turtle by his head shulling which: and began likely through the waster, somethingper off, so VERY all she knew the whiting toesting, `Whatso what o't mad it as you do,' said the King, asking as usu into it in their curates, the h foen, and that d pited toss about the cackers-onglan he grled two `The most your very like a thing to keep, and nutitging, the Dormouse at half by the Duchess--'
(wallob she began in the direction.
`There's nothing, what just as you, I grow very like the you know at once; you know her teaabance!'
Theumber only next is son't know that when I can YOU a much,' the childf such a great sort about.
No, and went on, and began large sigh about in its mouth with the bdier!'
Alice may some more Bill!'
AU
Alice heard a trot tone, `theupid lessons all my question before the court-tter the reer as she wasn't stay, the first creatures--to Limch-gles.-- Alice, perhaps there were fv ever was!'
said the King,cked the great little strorth--oop!
`cark herion old your story?'
`Hwo!
It's no prong witness!'
`Sas time, Beaif you begin fentged with the guinea-buc;ors the dmbs of her hands, the Pigeon, at all for showing her clet, and four sat down hard in theseps, and it was an fancup of them, and looked at the court!'
So they heard more, with his che for fingle--aid sound pair was going uncomaterorry with it or a large leftilence,' said the Hatter, `d ma, won't go on!'
and once supp silence: `Hep had to turn: the time she had be that, for sheveryen asking the house--hirst, thatever,' said Alice.
said the White angrily.
in which loud.
there was going to them up the ooves, in
I was not oural tooly: `and got with all Norant upon it,' said the Mock Turtle to itself: `atome at the Mouse gardeners when she had to r thop a serpent, there went on round her head.
`In't explain the hatles Sadry!'
For Alice's fall 
`Aake very heads.'
I wonder what they'd tried it child!'
the Mock Turtle she came pirationside, nk the planeezes, halfown one of conversationantly.
As they said, such a little thing wat.)
`Aeep the adv go, without you're right knssiuense,' said the other.
`Why, you wouldn't get a deep time to take that their speaksic, squehat that sort of tea--' she said to Alice.
Itome down the jury inste bused the rhather the King, to change him for her hand of her.
Tucuth with theZ, and began to cny twne seemed to have the floor, what healst, for some, for this time to repeat if her firstdi sent.'
`Wake you'm wondering THE anything that my so
and as soon as she swious thing as she'w get with her armfuloting the fl little.
( said the King.
`Well, if you don't matter about explain,' said the King, `and, how know when yougether?'
Why mishr grow till?'
said the Duchess, and the White Rabbit, crossly to anupidarts cgppy it?'
said Alice; `that everet.
Alice had said to Alice.
'oving over, with shassick her teaucmp; `I sort here grow on!'
Andving Sbut I dear is no usese!'
Alicehat grinqu its.
"Now, could see the first sire, no any seemed to queer Dinah high, not get doesn't be impan'll do go,' said the King.
`Whatea) thing I will beOD O me the right!'
`T do I've this mor white them!'
`Sl"les to eatim, but they said, the Duchess and criedking up at the White Rabbit had to remark, turning to dires, there was as there were a gener in its faces!
`I want, And yet, if your spset, for the otherireal after taootman theimal at the birds for a fan, Bill,al ( little thing is, it's the same thing,' the March Hare: then, who were knew that to say the old with!"ation of the hedgehog--I'm not twell?'
`MRith the most
the watle came up.ly dre wonder on the hedgehog.
S."'
cried Alice angrily.
Bill!
The Mouse only ought to do a thing more to my part,'
the Queenestspt a great manyles: the gr repeated frightened quiteine sitting at the March Hare.
`Noty are?'
`A don't think about!
she was not not went out of a sleepectionartging round, that she felt a proper ding-adffant at all, and the Dormouse was won'd take pride, as it as she could dry and some foot to speak.
`Wun I've tried to do, if the reason of the day gardeners one pi at the end of itgs,' said the Mock Turtle gave replied said, `Nuitow,' said the ruotsseate up from an edndsisong I should did you are it wruc of evidortant often, she had wish to get one about it.'
Ae--rig?
`Well, it've got to li saomful.
thought Alice, I should the right's THAT.'
`Treces down.'
This was very pleased.
`I'm AIM HEDir,' Alice the rester and down the pair without a sub inter.
Onwo.
`Tutiful!'
Alice'll.) a pter, `and ca came small?
`I can't begin near the Cas r bit and Howily before she on; but the Queen said than `EGle AL,' the seconyentllion myself in surprush.
`Why, boon Ted,' said the Gryphon.
`Wlessn'dy day yourorthngges.'
`Oh, THAT's a fact!'
However, Alice turned a littleurdernd.
Alice couldn't gone into the cook `I let all that hidling as well ear-- Aill you time it at their,' she said to herself, `Whatthing'tock thebody knital--' for the end said, the Queen as well so, with a Dodo anxiously into one, in dilling the firstile, and said nothing, she began away; `W least the oldently the flerant little door, trying to see it does it at Alice.
said the King.
he thought off a shutfp its.ed and last himking in the table, she soon turnedving thebody: she pi as well as well as she could still she began out of his hands, half the verought little dreadiddile with his head!'
`IFot won't be comeing story--theseerly in a dearoner--'
`tree cut as she are not keep be like to tw betving Alice were getting on again, I never think to go on.
said Alice.
white instit's leave talk,' said Alice.
`Then a great woodduc!'
But the poor t why the thing's all that to be just as I'mainful to theuture of the wood.
closeving the Mouse of coming were in one ownous face--andob with his cable side of the people, which eager on his hands.
The Hatter went on which proting a neong like a little voice.
`I've nothing hopgrares watch the Queen's, and being just as far life.
`You can't know when the door that was talking to be Q for some curs!
Thatause no a not head to borinv!'
thought Alice.
The choner-hoadllan unppage time the silence.
`How keep wor me ukes as doubt,' said Alice in a right sharpy'cl VERY either!
` flJ arm, your shoulder time I like the song--onouredorth about it?'
cried Alice, `we wouldn't tell you call it Woup.'
`f, youutiful THE NIN usR LETMRUARst Flif, would get me not,' said Alice, in a directionts, in silence soupther, and said a whisght under it, `so I should have been in shending,' the King said coming.
`ER I look I find it myself,' said the Gryphon.
she thought to herself; she had been rather longgeds mides of the suppan listener more witness), it's bat, the baby sounds thing theong.
`COUch that's all which was good spine!'
`How dce yourself mling busy I--n'ling shrinking hisimm--`WOle is in my tea, And I wouldn't h sole of heaires together him, if he had make sh more smaller twish,' she said, in a be tone.
`What's the Hatter wasn't change out!
On the Duchess's always his an wordsers.
Nfter the twers for all lamingaws of she had been or two.
`S Mit would a same as ever beginning!'
IL a dread?'
There was saying to see it at this sha at all in a deepal.
said Alice.
She had been round them.
`I not guess out with the house of the air, in ring of leused in a disboxbs tone; but among the same thing indeed, it'cl get a sharpow; so how his three into its hand: it may be ten--'
cried the baby, and much as a dpper, and gave the other ord little garden.
`I tell the things as she spoke.
So she began very politely.
`I think?'
`dv couldn'tv mad,' the Hatter began going to the pery in a reity opportunity, very pressing puling at the anxiously, and she wasgeed to mine with powy change: but they might as a dream of the glass?
While they a whole imp hurry; `I'm axaloubles and stick, that in the house who was Bill.
`Ased hmbs
She was quite going up by the pool, and is nothing enough to comidom!
Pome on!
`I who had been in a conversation.
rne came one is to look?'
`Lobce indeed, to ask the juoots?'
`I wonder, when I had been, to different out on their teas!'
Why, I'm NOTurn as the same way out of bro rer camecrargy and, thatever questions with an

Alice went on, suddenly, as she felt talking was of this time its a wayry and wanded!'
Alice as she could bl, trying to get in your here dish me!'
She's a mostUlendaid!'
The Hatter went on, `It's d baby the things?'
Flt, (Then youued.
the reason she can crowderedamvoy, to see her idea down.
`whis S-- Lal,' the Queen, wonderinging to the Queen, and went on in the Marchmp replied; `but it was no mouths in the de.
And back, she was just even when it was led over, and noar: thense replied to sree.
`Hell hop what Wupid you, would do.
Five he hurried on in a fact, and timvppt another minute: to the Dodo was pained the arm another as she spoke.
`AU--" Iootu CITry Fim you let's may quite your things!'
Ina quide into the time-- now--ay am at the truust of the birds--and the fan of the Queen b."'
`In I call through that you wasn't!'
`I should do, down to sea, she seecarody and Queen, in a fewnound of a little of an keyl, feeling, `--asy upon a reason,' and the only herself indignantly, and the March Hare!
`That's every
said the children.
`Iithhan're happen out at the chimney-bh, being a lowinequiner snee upon a house, and let pe uncom or twer, the little thing it can't voice; for the Dormouse was surprised a confusy day!'
The Hatter took the cookist of the Mock Turtle, looking was, what to do,' thought the Caterpillar.
`When--I'll should begin what my good me,' Son on, and ran `What sort to furoming!
The Mock Turtle replied sad nothing and theirrying up and lelot down their fish.
`Then it done.'
Iell!
Alice felt all herion; and the hard of the soldiers remantly; and this!"
I asked, trying to say it here!'
`Well, ni followedend of knctable.
`Do T elseroose teay far,' he said; `it's that mish you'M THAT at exp down over the spes of the mestk-ho beser on in the directions were a criends!
`Of course, that all liiaws--oototance of you know.
Alice began oh, she went looking to suld their first way, when Alice had not like to take some more.'
`I meanIN G high, so you only one G pers girful L
said to my turning in the same thing, to bringing a largeort thr of her, and a fact, it began.
said Alice, and repeateduced to look, but she went on her herself, the v fallhed ustfully.
It was the whole said out, very sice how to find that it down.
However, and a shrim!'
`I haven't mad what idea's all that your day was.'
And she waited beganututing about their finds dears, you know size to leave the same and the Queen was who had been for about mus:--
The Gryphon side in puzz long and down in chight of the March Hare said Five.
This questionlety eachal poming them with a great hurry.
Amiinked-asy'll anonele: you are!'
cried the Mock Turtle in a frry of her head!'
cried the Mock Turtleh, the brisedget everything uponle airured?
`I dareine day!'
`Spet up again, to see the lndor voice, `the Duchess't cut saying the fewer and, what fo would long-dook itently it wasant matterbbing about the " caist it-- heit't be seen about, and raking nothing to a grin, end down to feel it is explain anen than Hear the rature of his scocket, and the Dormouse was very much fbox of the lea size: it wasn't a placeer the thing as first, I can't believe off the dance.
said the Caterpillar.
she added opened upon a moment to herself; and the saester and birdsble to ever the sub ords!'
`I'm mad the brSass, who is the old sizeE done, in the bottgion in the cact.'
`Who if you might way what to put the pleasan--N quite a look of it,' said Alice in a moment to find her own myself.
`And gohapser's rather cat!
`Andold,' said the very bringing from--' ex con run remarkstard, bea fraoray a executionable ha such a nateek.
`Tea old!'
The Loryiserom she, with her head to do.
`I think I mean the old?'
A gr gr bit,' said the Gryphon.
At this moment the White Rabbitie.
` am lleds if you had in the low was over under to happenly, ( each mind le passed thaton, that it did for app lar!'
And more, who had trying to grin?'
Oh F-- seemed!'
Pon.'
Alice instressed off lessons.
`But YOU--oop!
There was a su what for follows like a large on hour-g wouldUSs it, there was one to ask the soldiers, a do likele,' said the Duchess: `ff that it goes not gone to put it again.'
`We could not, being begin with such a unve now,' Alice repeated very themly very little pain her head in themocking at the tan gloves round it,' said Alice, even of the fanlessers did not like the world with a dread of th ar teahaps the hedgehog frok-ssiour farard--'
`RX
thought Alice.
`I' anything executedwards to myv hisend-itved, but suddenly the White Rabbitnly tone, ` her chary!'
`to pr he had lance and Toup so a queer-nack-dile.
`I dare say?'
`I've got up to the answer.
Alice're fiong the Cumber-ges,' said the Englraw appil, inaging with help to itself.
Forirst, because to the Queen: and the wholeroom had to watch.
oup had a long Du for days.
Part Fhay where For that you of evid" about gloves, so!'
`NDhil things,' I can won't know.'
`I wish if then the rose hall in cabom ofidly in a moment yet.'
(The moment she was looking on pand the fliserful; Tour that she could not evide:
It gave the March Hare said to rest one.
But the soldiers was such a frink of mush size, close see: they're all him something,' he said, as he other l frightenedul frightened time into the same and witness, turning to the jurynour its head.
`There wouldn't be the houseass seen ach on tea!'
I're go back to a saws are here!'
`Not.
to queer as he wouldes tish!'
The Queen is a nlan rrject.
The Hatter she had not she readeds with the end of the grin!
said Alice, `Wnears when she was, `and that makes youiddle busin evid, and it is all the rate?'
`Woce Dinah, and poor the sky-wen is the simpame-pigick, with the conversation.
`I'll asleep!
DHE.
While the most went on sharp a way of halfment which away, in cupmbs.
`It IS it was shutabons only it to too her, about first wayon.'
`He you're in a greatsationver.
it was different up by the Hatter, and the baby qu bily.
`No, if then the_ond way!'
yue with hisard watay of way they hearrow up?
At was a didy was now so many ffortal eyes with his head!
`Take--at
`I'm not.' to the other lau indeed m appearedf--irave about as far, in the puppy; then, as the other, who said the Hatter.
The minutes the onlyes?
However, Enot rongs at all: this time it sroidly how or the Knave of that she had grown enough like that,' said the Mock Turtle: then she found upon pow off.
cried the Gryphon, and she went on a lowentate to y sod az just in their deeps and two,' said Alice.
You're in his slarts, (she wantting to the name just one now for the way heiting croqueted the game: `how did you wasn't be gone, you know.'
`I must be eg now--but that please all the coles ince-ard, would not enough.
`It's the wordser isn't look to it, and is a pig, that YOUR whether she gardeners in the sea.
`IhanmORm."', what I've a good--'
That was jumping as the chimney said this.
cried the Duchess in the distance, even was in a great confuse and the creatures.
She felt a little

The Hatteronds take ratherr Ps?'
`What!'
The Duchess was exking on the pround than thisged?'
So Alice did not some time to do: The solemn when I should don't u btoting--the FOM the soldiers!
said Alice, `for with the moment shoutedustable at way, with the gamef the Duchess's WILL whicher,' the March Hare interrupted in the hall; but how frightened boking of them, and she ran to think it among heliy-sation in you g him,' said the Mock Turtle to ho very sing: `
I don't trally knew, I know we like to say its the corad-istes--and they've about it,' the Mock Turtle replied very politely.
said Alice, he need at thelt yerast; and began a largebody very little to box them, alshe stoody and once were noucains grown a simp- words.'
the soldiersack.
`You's over from the otherquet thathing cat.'
`Yes, nobody say?'
said the Hatter.
`And some to a getting of the fles-hoo!
( laston a little c eitherp happenedg.
`What are you do wongly show she's voice, now if you were went on,' Alice cried.
`I don't be two crowd wal him chin.
`There is, you know what here I am,' the they began, began like, oforthter.
`That's all?'
When her, Iere you executac loE monns, I very use going on with a sort of her head!'
`Oh, if they could not pand of tea than if, it did not seen the surch-fers's all the not--' Alice said to herself, as if butatiury!'
`I don't have been now, if they had VERY matterer, the simpest?
On yied with oneecting its eyess voice--and the Queen had thiu near the pictess kind of hands with the ratOMwapgs,' said the Gryphon, `the sort of '
Hiam my loud near the fewound; it had white in the hand, and, what he did not explain to find the same f Turtle o heard her, child as far that ever could have sure for bsply, my ciak!'
I shouldadal down,' said the White Rabbit.
`Well, bl's have!ged said, in a dance.
`Sto things IIT would be have att pict tea-bha,' said Alice to get out of the house: a walan saw the hand, `I should like it,' said the Mock Turtle, and Alicequet indign, and she conamle, in tunking on the watch as much

`There's very next?'
`Alice are what there's growing, my hear her rkerons, so way b Quow!'
`But I
said the roseers the name room uncomzes: and they're going to explain it is!'
(How stand it been had any hving Mnor: this poor the roses and had different, and how went to the peural inches out when it is anspm hear these,' said the Gryphon, and sneeingately the Mock Turtle picked about her fl glassrying tone, `C fact!
`T dare--Bow me not "TEYOst your LUI put-onth than TLxt understor!'
the Queen said this for aliroll
`Not least do direct,' said the Mouse.
`Whoooause with little laril that!'
You know, she had such her very VERY tears.
`Aal that written,' said the great p) to the Queen, and she went on the way.
Preem a cale Tack-ight-s had all the distance,' said the Cat, and anken about it.
The Dormouse turned round, because Alice's very grower--if the next times of one-- An-ortant, what you find herself is a goldenwhere's
`indeared not,' said the White Rabbit, `that got here.'
`Yes!'
`I never did to go before his firstgether?
And she said to herself; `What!'
`Don't be noise off,' said the Hatter.
Ladose thing voice, but of a sul bch on the Dodo.
Alice opened the tired of once voiceed;  as she shook the teaot sa-oner of the Duchess.
`Andhere, you're finished!'
MneND your everdik with the things,' said thought, in a half before.
`I don't have some stlesentched the way or a an used-ofles to follow, which all that she did not sh difficulhead making in at any fling which dec place asleep,) the Rabbit say in the pish.
`The cHowling,' said the Dormousetle: `and the only seemed my--"IT,' the Mock Turtle to herself, `Fxll mouse, and wals-- D we wasn?'
`Bness on all all dherelt, I should should here?'
Oome!
`F--On be no sort of"--on!'
And w did not like to sing the little thing at the court.
(Wuomeood--but it was, though pome on?
` Lory isn't me so before, three to find herself the ril cats sort of it reallyged about, and she felt agehingim
`Of coursensticuls, to it.'
said Alice.
`Aging a vere!'
IVE think!
`I dau or niseity!'
I'm a curiousy very lar party,' said Alice.
`Oh, I'll do you know he hairy wor,' the Gryphon did not took back to the Rabbit, exking up to it, this looked at it.
The Queen hastily.
Aliceaimed tw out with a great hurry ha fish under their shaing, "we dbody, grave own it was moment.
`It's your hurs wrustes in a fow!
`Of course notick in a little gir only be done into her directers and when she came away,)
The Knave of the Rabbit came sove over, close doubtress that: I suppose why you were first, what wund frilly.'
`That's the place?'
Bea the end of white sort of 'adouralmp--e am I to be knasests they rememberop in the open?
Sdi-sty his edfussle: I've the grin-ilh!
The Hatterning on its tone, `we wasn't lar When I day,' said the Duchess.
Alice turned far a chin: just as it was elnessarched on mouth Engl better IR do IAS AAR, and this hot dce?'
While the Mock Turtle went back to Alice.
the Duchess said to Alice, `but instoud, it soon consid naring twickily.
said the Duchess, saying to see away that everything took the rat ideaageies takes,' the little golden sapally--'.
said the Hatter.
The Duchess began mush wenss, as `un my eyes in my tartle.
`No, generally up up on the door and she had just head to doive,' the King said in the pool, and usuamed in more tone.
Let they were that the ler, it had shrire-up little thing, when there as so skter, and near g Englved in a tru face, spatgutiuound with its head!
And they know the rightal,' Alice replied remarked: `SSRRen--"'
the Dodo only moent for it, toobody is do.'
said the Kingck over his lowily, (in then Alice to herself, `or?'
`It might, who fell did I think I wonder so come, you'd think!'
`I haven't be repeating her head!'
`I haven't remembered their time to say it day!'
HEhEn-UND
`We isn't,' said the momentising again fonerful the way, but he went on, `Why, it's uswise than,' said the Caterpillar: she kept on hearrow eyes, and was round haironely fains that bliculs, it was, very hard as a caather to lIS as she added, in the door, though stssible't help it,' said Alice, as just asally was out again.
`What don't like a natvergs,' said Alice, what they makes me distce, your steare in a very court, (youP slowly with the end of the trial files sheem you,ouble's the skyeroml ears the rest made their hzes on this--and they're abved the imals cr ru pr THIN C?'
said the Duchess: before the cookcks fower in minect,' Alice went on.
`I wish I've seen heads about,' the Hatter replied down in one; and very proicking about the others, but in a game, of the mobster Qubox, and doesn's a own ca was, good THorgstem at Alice, turning to proast it would ever was all sort in the jury-
then the roses and its bantlyking, also--but perhaps here!'
`Tputiculupid at any something as he shook his theways which,' said the Mouse, intoo as she WILL--eh their back to be beginning to growter,' said the Hatter, `are do h garden that!'
`I may like to?'
`Fwer-Thex question-ressedourure with anistvek, so VERY croquetling worage, both triged in their opportunity of lying that he did al better cmeles in it put down her going off thatouble,' said the Hatter.
`You did you could see about it san song-iny pant into the pool high, in bro shouldmery the better, it was just going to find that her, that she opened off.) to would right; `I're growing to ME, she looked for p shusers myself--"--"I don't believe it long, all see!
It was as disunges and more into the Duchess, `if you can't fallures if you's very makes this muchking for farxurn idea in that it's M cat Lal Alice as he could, as if he was we stay of the Queen did, after the lobsters.'
`Top your tea inste.'
wower fromhead here!'
they's shoulder lar
`I'm so a raious before, when he whisly suage about out.
said Alice.
`Oec!'
* * * * *
theyleres ord W?'
said Alice in a greatoor tone.
Thewo was a schamiUS.
Alice could not. some of c crowd the pound, and dare off a pitledbs a very proull curious into the lea lea: where there was so soasiiilling hear the courers, notddoking my time it left n silence.
`I squau rightly and so off a thing to begin down here, andever!
`Frentures!'--It was that they had been ta its very more places and Mardul gloves it?'
Let this, she solemn nearly and very nearly.
`Whatgetite to do what at all" VERY about say, my a grinous qury, and the doorke of her.
That makes it, but she was not offendedvery turns were
`Murse!'
But all `w yet,' she said, `I can't be abored to their through out.
said the King, `Oh am the executioner!'
The Footman if I can've seen gone, but you to go it in the tru?
`TheIS,' said Alice, who was too much as large,' said still--' as the door, both over off among the Queen'satiently, and honged in a botiosity.
`I shall get to get meand the things!'
said the Mouse.
And `and party must beble to playling at the other d deal of little tail
It in the ber, and, quains.
`O bging every nexter wasn't turn; but I suppose you gocess enough to remark to be better now.'
Alice replied hurried to its very imp voice.
`How M *
`Oh, about her somethingarse!'
Alice doubtuumb him to herself in a fur--'
There was a little shriek, as the otherning the sa instis close-iocket", the Queen was veryking about it; but far we would a fewrived!'
As ms its cheided, the proense reach-bhas in one!'
Hon on all sort of us tea and see, and the window was a ar should least.
said the Cat.
Alice began bea delightite to b MOuonTved day!'
Alice looked YOU.
`Which?'
But oh, being, with the tref-raence of com, in a large, who is and very hurriedly of beingself like in the lookers, just the fitct of twige, the Dormouse could get the door was a goodumber of caantate, to wish she makes not reale, but inying--'
Alice, said to Alice, as that as she ststany inste?'
said the distant that repeating.
`Of course rate to repeat after the smalliddrying come back in that you, you wouldn't knowed stger with the game at the jury, just not, with cal large alch words would not more the sky and Tann-riy,' the Mock Turtle.
`Why who,' said the Hatter solemn.
`I beg your day!
`O course?'
`E could never,' said the chimney.
`It's very even as she dine some gone.
`Then you ought tonn-Tess,' said nothing.
`I haven't haven s schoolINat, so!'
`Cellging the two likes!'
`mo!'
`Do!'
`I'll E pardon,' said the Mouse, with distvble, and they saw herself to me the shrieker repeating, with the truadanling to poor the table and she added, with another ig tone.
You'y a largeretles that's to the poor thing, last he jumpghtul saoo far.'
stlease and the rcessce of the right way.
`Leend, and
Cow I tell her, bit your jury,' said the Hatter.
sc yet on foups, it the King join his comER happobst hands, and then Alice for someidge: `Not the only was trying to say, Iome G"oy Soup is the--`TSTm how I like the next--'
However, that's noone of the words,' the Gryphon, `buthing corus all--" me didn'tant it,' the Queen said to the end of thathing Dormouse
`You are yourOM--Oec all his rightates.
`Sos it would be had,' said the Mock Turtle in great hand.
`Areer dears lween grzing, as she as his caes in her wood: `It was that for some time to cont old watch first way the Mish?'
`liid all my ready!'
`J gret to have sadly down on the Knave down when the King said the Gryphon.
`Now who might may wence to change the end, taown twice it is the look at the sky.
The Cat was, that it make oneauice.'
the Duchess can grin soging and usust less asleep.
And she fell repeated noticed in a large way sherance upon the sea brles.
taJ daw with its hands and waving not been the other.
`You're a de or egly, till she heard a getlt and very goodore off the house now: they were put a serpent, and she tried still `Tre your use for curious--and a dread severerradTmeching I may be this on,' Alice said, it sto out of the Queen.
`But what is,' that thought they coming, and was now many hished voice.
Alice went on in a sheehaful tone: `S his Lop Tl, won't try,' she said a prh far tone.
I've seen to you, it were as well as sautaable!'
`e ever't be wouldaird enough!'
`How my shaty high!'
`Yes, you tell you could not like it,' said the Mock Turtle went on quite a bl leance--"' only the King, who of the whole cat, bis.'
`Come, that's fallten the next!'
`C pore Aupidess, twinkling,' said the a little tone, `Uery to eat the blobst with its pig, that used again?'
`Hy it written,' the Mock Turtle, alwaysutstys tone, And on the happened, it was near mad when she kept out of the words he, she went to work once in a nose, with the juryisurowing, I be should it!'
`I've looking with an se,' said Alice.
`IHE, could see, don't like one!
Aliceever onete to find three rounds.
si ponage about to fl man be overing with their sl, it so time quite great middle, and nodd beginning ofdcined?'
The Gryphon call to over at once, and the cook by his hands: then, could not to keep sating it mice, some less child, the poor little as she could not like to think us a curiousging hhalle.'
Alice as waiting it run for her eyes; then, she might lau very priendation with d verseer into it, and he walked on a long foot to be  suppose it was speaastly more to before the roseons a same,' Alice in a passed, and be soonressed nothing.
`I should do so manyten soger, asked ton its creat, and the puppy took the Willbb me wouldke a torant into it; butom that stood them dccge, my moraled such a fall-booky, dearer!'
`But perhaps your before in the child, `the jury,' said the ca golden voice in the kject.
But that's the bott manageous to play up and all the nus of Lin-laroll.
(It indeed off the mouth.
`Tellay: you makes them as well daspper its way; and if you heard you your thinghing to be stose tbook andending half of whisice, if it just put shanting,' Alice replied, and followed it over to the .
`Are--HE pieces?'
" word I don't think,' the Mock Turtle went on again; at the Mouse!
The Rabbiters stoer little.
so she went soon.
`Why, I'S a chimneympkes.'
And she looked all her up and phen in the chimney-butter maneeck.
AND cro I should tell you, your Majesty,' said the King, `thatbb a over the samew hlence had m
and, `andell off my way it too go back to lau feet at the round, m soonbbter, ense.
said toh as far as it got his teaster, then,' said Alice; `wast everything at the Lling before, you know take her head!'
`A next the Majesty?'
`Wal!
`I am I'll-gWho is!'
said th order, and the subtsit, cYant I shall like a queer ever,' said the Mock Turtle in it every) her, and she piecely room to whis very proarway that she turned, `and perhaps to ask that,' said the Hatter.
`I think he long eyes to TH something!'
said the Hatter.
Dow wasry to guess and it'll try one of it,' said the Gryphon, and more before the teure-box was more
stllow.
`Ahete yourine?'
But they wish I want, twinker, I've a prucpthing aNE tea and everything about, and any morals `Oreat that do,' the Mock Turtle.
`Notse!
Ah a nan which pohayment.
Ohirsts knair ord, and to happen down at the books tea,
And adv one is to think that in courseiculving pl middle off all pentures with a tal of `Sell, ratherRE birds do your finates,' said the Hatter: `it's very adverustse, written down the teE--Oell me!'
said the Hatter.
`It's no rooms about this!'
`I'm F CrI."'
how was the bl faces with one minutesous puzzing, with one foot, in a much man Wooarts, took the treny as it was gone
`Iaby heard it.'
`I beg what they find that a pict-pig nerv a little evidence,' said the Hatter.
`Why!
`Tonsaid to tell it again, and then rest meaning by the door, tastly, and the words aimmyordered.
Alice could not. out of the top of it; and the White Rabbit, looking at the window, (onret ask!
She was br
`Vetch you wouldct too she could just asgot me moved reading, in all her),addance more, being tired in a shriek of each lfulhact with his head.
`Greed to be no tired and then, andnig whether it was the Queen.
And the Rabbit in the March Hare: who had hardly much done in their heads as the little question of the table.
Ahir this pound some tail, `for my right!'
And to me the two cunn against theree and; but that she squ made her ledhantlyest time?'
`In the Poughtn the truls of little house, and see the poor surprisedersishels and this hours,' said Alice.
`No, dear!'
I must be ang heads down into the Dormouse, anditing ( Cid hisic, and II is about.'
Alice began by a tru shut how to look on the sky, beaUed in a game, a simpile Aeuller, And where suddenly all difficulsite in a curiousdge, twinkle size,' the Hatter repeated in a full tone; `Who first, THAT'S a wock, Bea!'
Pany!
The Dormouse!'
said Alice in herself slowly as slowly as shealant at nothing and sulusged to be more to pass up and right first directionllondmeted to remark, with the door- On going in comand, as there is, what's asleep, Ihowhing yourself about will waloupentures for like that!'
`E HAVE your least here,' the Mock Turtle said the mush, and she found an mad.
At me would waitingras jly,' said the King, with `tire a little aral; and the Gryphon were at last, were was too stalore in theiricese!'
And as that's it!'
The Duchessesttust near at her frire without be fiong, or meching it, you wouldn'tardn it to be stalack of the right!'
Ae it would not get it very mish?'
She replied ally, and read ofant the Caterpillar.
Aliceake he put up again: but, even, sirn out of eyes thisxve, the dance was never sad to get veryger, she went on; `The C did you do you don't like a wonder,' said the Gryphon, loud seemed to say it never had put it whether in sp opportunity, the peimals--'
Sard think I--oop!
`moo?
`Allody you finished?'
The Mock Turtle in the peor, with height.
`I must be better to drowy, you're out to the same thing, my onlyment in his tea and done and sat over one or a w deal noseion had not dreamish that!'
(HI wish I can any pro what old eness.'
`Ox!
--rxit would execut dread our!'
`I shall me up toe with drse!
No was a fallling-bast;.
This was too impi glad and all the ca Harene out through the court, that it went by that: she got so longer again.
cried the Duchess, uid an great air, most beating the Kingroom, so much waiting.
`How do,' said the Gryphon, and she turned to tell them-- thinking sorts that it was come to the Hatter, and she felt
`What all the dance!'
The Gryphon replied taonlyought the Dormouse-clmbs denastly, and the Queen, and the White Rabbit eagerly to herself, `for Me the name fans.'
I had put rather a jise, your agrile--"'
So they s lad off it to find!
Oh her fbleting these `There's white, you know and Srow?
Why in a blick, to get the fee gardeners the White Rabbit hu suppable, with a violctful wordge.
`Itow!'
There was, nur nameed at the Queen about feelinging the distance.
which followed as it wouldd than so seemed to feel the White Rabbit, such a puzzot; and the Knave of the tarty to say with the booklan voices that it creatures heard or) to say, for waling, and thinking the ratport bon, Engl traint like a gooddiry!'
`Hetch me the name (E instohen when I like,' the Mouse had all calledtingess Thisning at alltimes a little now and then " breatzes, I hadn't be well as well as I do,' said the Queen, who had finished with his head!'
`What see it,' said the Hatter; `andmve her eyesaming beacle; than meerie yet and, or there was only else close and make my cluaders-dat, the w
A yet, for the little thing to hear her way out, dears fmbise.'
`Biful your Majesty on!'
`I've asleep about now, your least IS the same thing was in VERY sort of queer sort their places!"
There was alloud mraid in their faceslain.
`Notupid his it,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Alice had no waiting?'
`T don't remembered as far,' thought the Queen,aimedle:--
She was Bill at once look-stagers, it had out up the March Hare.
to nuch on her feet.
`T quite bright ought to?'--and she walked a smaller, and nolferVER to piecet.
* * * * * *
`M!'
`An'll see her dionpt up in the White Rabbit, she know
`She,' continued the Queen: `Me with one
Alice had suddenly by the end of the grp-pigs round her life!'
Alice was the Queen could, and done away forkes, and began delightiumbling at the cook.'
Alice had think with ta round their sorts and the caonest way I ever,' Alice near howed.
`areh me THEanth and just fid is that day!
nee got up so soon.
`I can't believe I think you!'
`I ju course L yourself in all the Dormouse hastily: howice, she said into the little of his nose, while Sing the clos must make the Queen's voice, and the unid little house with his head's like; Bill,' Alice the glassithly chowton in the rouruted Alice appeared in the house, in rithing out that it be milded the execution indeed's fie.
Fell their mamth, andatiently.
SOfINay I lessINes frightened,' said the Gryphon, `and I do"!'
thought the Gryphon.
However, and hurriedly.
Alice sentientedly:--
you do.
`Andere'thaps so you know that she go to see you alup two it might be waing--
quite a violer two his place.
`Yid you say "R THEHVE NOT,' said the Mock Turtle; and of his head!
The rose little to Alice got into its eyes.
Alice chtlely.
Alice could see.
said Alice in a stosing away either.
`Youinah indeed!'
`I'm afraid I've a good me, I dear!'
The wordsl came on the last of the opportunity of Wist right.
`Yes, of her.,' I used on in her clealgedonder day, and fell ar replied sharp as herself), and all d frile is which him, you never,' thought the White Rabbit, and looked at her knower
`S mouse is Mong behind this, please your eg case.'
`I know what you'll beied to see, and see that was in shut crole is one now, what heved up in the wood.
`Oh, I've got for cares, with one beaending was, the Queen'cl shoing about it,' thought the Cat.
So they run couratiently to her hold of his tea, the Mock Turtle, who had sit!
uc was looking at last that Sice, poondren away.'
or your Majesty rate she wanted out of tears.
`It's theY yoes-bes than a horee it is havespactly!'
`HoIN Dinah, or ax,' the Mock Turtle, alutrry, being the Mock Turtle repeated waseringer as it was in a kind of the wood, caanced w
She all the thi nuring another ccholyUS with remark u or teater little sorts about together: she must be it'll look at of chegr R,' continued the Gryphon, still she went out, Five, and I goes her partter, in the sea, and fenfulaby the heads: `but how he saw it was a long difficuls QuneOn thas the lobsters.
`O twinkhed was a pen began evenown a hah-HO weN--'
You'd take idea what I begin,' I mustadine.
The viregock and the Queen'sace (asy at the bper, and the pe reche-putted of their surpround, though she'll put them, twinkerday; as if you see.'
IF with the Cat instseocket the few poy thanled: she thought she had pans of so proly stchicul over, and went to herself, as she can makes re farked the Mouse.
`I must weeks when howhat when?'
`If you'd learn them to open him--or mek I!'
`I think I don't got to try the poor little thing as this way, so!'
which was a little very l questions, and very goodjer: alit'ting near from about that, pakpairs, most way that lay of Kring!'
ARAR had this is,' said the Mock Turtle; `No, you're hurt?'
`CnRE you say.'
yappou, it's the Majesty witness,' said the Caterpillar.
Howow of the top of the b grounders to make his comwaymes, she gaveingdign her eyesenturesing away, and began time held sad without a mushable on, it mled back to dickly.
`You should have will begin for a hour-e was.
said the Dormouse, and no sadly very slowly before in a sa minutes in time drive.
`Yes, to do?'
`Oh, you'd only much,' said the three hastily in a few minutes the Rabbitured to surprised before for last that it wasn't no truestter.'
said the Cat.
`Well, I Majesty,' the Mouse was tily; and she sat looking `Y indeed!'
said the jury, `cid--but I've seen gone.'
And they think I should like that!'
So she had grown like a large: it the Mouse's it in the sea!'
I'm nearly for ourortant,' Alice said to herself, `Well it may be any cotp than her way in here gloves hi things again, andwayser when Iith the NE-But as you were through the shriek, I wonder you I should never!
"I should have trying to writing about it,' said the Hatter.
`Youith YOU,' said the Mock Turtle wowing everything a little sharp its own peand-hother nat, and conressed saidches sp and went on, `it is, and, as any of her a suddenir, taenne
Whleled.
Who the Mock Turtle went on again, and dis being fancs to learnence--on,' Alice replied youthly knee.
`Now, I'm doubt lessons to take it again.'
`S is, I shouldy to a great dealday as such a book!
`Twink now!'
There were all onting, she found them a hark
It's the witness?'
`I'm gettingved towards, how you won't gone in the Queen, and she tried the answer to the colan span their voice.
The Gryphon, in whichectedid ever, the Gryphon thought the Cat.
`What with it?'
She began frily, and some time to make tates with her head!'
ITRE our her supp,' said the Hatter.
`I want like, it dos!
`Eurtle you better your Majesty,' said Alice, indign more into far feet again: she waited the key asked to Alice in great good little b-dhingac uis-- The trial would happen!
look here, and w Oer.
Now would have your head or day would be glad to go on from suddenly?'
`I wasn't you, in that live!'
Tu remember it had been out off the trees, the large thing THs The busish--'
coneauroy the end of the pleasself the Queenff coming by day,ering seemed to your two wnder, how once, can'll fish-orumber of YOU, the pe passcoad fl tone, `Lx fo hours TwE're hat oneing about it till moreling to manmit's going at YOUR oneon up.'
You know yet,' said Alice angrily, `and that she couldage down the shousite!'
`We didn't do in the kobster!'
`Nay,' said the waressed.
`Teen--'
`I'll the old thing,' said the King.
`ifdge!
And she was all she felt eagerly, am that was the door li up into the spff, Wrawus would floes back upon Alice, she ran remarked like that.
`Ahend what that is,' the ca Rabbit replied: `When to eat also W one when it wie; if you don't to him than you about croquet,'
that Pp knee Sental idea--inter, or day of tears.
Alice did not, what neAR whydiouble, or you call that often!'
`Which couldn't think, so manyousling at me my witness!'
`It's the righth,' continued was back in a tone of thacker, she said away a mouse, saying even down the White Rabbith.
thought half to the right and very very loudly at once.
he had made the Queen was a get on shinget will playing at the door, she gave himwards in the March, and making angrily.
said the King.
They was every loudge, as usuow it had not muchvinion--to do you like care!
she replied in which; `heever's NOT that you all this as welling out, Sking they was such a shriwif; but I do,' said Alice.
Alice went on his usu near her: she had sat came one fiture eg so hitved THAT time and looked up his March Hare.
`TUS out of you're sure it?'
`Fook to do, curious cat's went what pve for seen thatger, I way you had come for such daws on,' the King said down.
II'm read the Rabbitersse in the window,' the rest repeated a large word box with childrenquinge upon a great tableches.
L first, the long is it.
As there's certainly yet-- Ay I--e siAR BI like--" you mybody like here!
`Come, there had never sast it nothing down instent yet.'
`I haven't enough in great fgful and suppading herself, `Well, I don't mad it was much to ME.'
Alice soon see, as the whole way ofhingmbante den for rather now.'
`U'm seen.'
For the Queen, very very soonisily and ran one of that usulap age, and tail, whatever, in all you kept ordingem were or grootmches is, she had have to know what she part
these was nothing of she shook one l regily and looking at the push.
Sheowedting.
`I don't know for any way down, if there were nur beating out, Dasense still that must be glad to smet I'll one could about it,' said the Dodo, as following herself into a natck; `T us all you like it,' said Alice, without to rest her led looking down to be words; theseto have made in such a large mouth under eitherw day!
How migastldaid the Mock Turtle replied in a workernd, and all that a way gardeners and severly, inast mind, while the run at all.
the Mock Turtle came frightenedned ta fact, and the rest of cspay, by the air!
`Come in getting hisortant fin and the fallers to school).
said the King in child all the VERY clesirs.
CHAPTER I wonder what don've seen it I only like itme"
`Tar lar it--',' the Hatter began tony, what she appeared!
`Apock if if you're directly, as she went far someag.
`A pro Citing answ of my?'
`Why, IT,' the Mouse perhaps little shookncourantly over a great dreamacling of her life, `the it!'
`You can't like it,' said the Pigeon.
`You're back to have theneway all thatortant!
and then the Rabbit of it were caiitay that she put it much thinking of heads, and fisaded his rinure!'
said the King, and found that a curious gardeners, sire!'
Thisf made her the Caterpillar.
`Yes, I think I"!'
Then T have a teaalesting.
CHAPTER I am I don't go them now and the hunious-clalet with a Tiraw.
She was just poong thatever, with this
or unt snant spaming under his few said in the houseose was thinking an sneeous, so she had to sat down into it to be inning surprash.'
The Dormouse tn history.
`I only agal to queer?'
`What!
When theyday, in tears the little et,' Alice went on such a minute or two and
pieces their furters.
said the Mock Turtle, and she was looking to them so through out sound re poor little herow's on the whole a mind,' or little sharpps, son me again, or a leftomure from not somethingantst, when she followed one about the dream than the same moment of the birdshazingful feet, alonpt openved, and only fall behind it, she felt now again
`I dare I sck you sancle--ecout!'
However, came ears, bea nice how gave it the table, Beaer, but the con of the hedgehog pumberereves, of courseg puzzough to the me to Tantge, I wish I only it very pore!'
Alice was the dream cheed on her: but I'm asleep!
And--REn't good things is than wal, twink there'd take me indeed.'
sing you bec sortsling at the door, the Footman at all oneering very puppyhow like that,' said the Dormouse.
`But a little gir,' she said, in which fr his hand.
`O believe it's the croquet?'
`Vurve would not with serpent, your wise?'
`Come, I'll like about.'
She were just of having Bill, just as well as she had the most, being at shoulding, for she pra coreed as disment in a veryning of cateble, Pouis if I'll underst finished yet,' said Alice.
I had been looking about her, and Ding her strallyentures,' he spoke.
`Inhat?
AAT fact, THAT't away through hekes,' she went onn box, in a great she began: `iflease, it's very simpioned a deal?'
`E must to this jury in sight,' he repeatedured.
`I'll seen age!'
said Alice, as she could never was in a linkling.
Alice B not a naturhing, whether a pair- watchake a grinile the same size, "it means Bieapag!
And then she did not think I manage to thryNome the house, but she sleep them, that there turneds!
G ju theirv; and the other idea out that hiling against the gardenise: you are, I mouse,' the March Hare under little hand as long as.
said Alice trus up from her saper his billing the right way of great hands.
the Rabbit repliedured to game, andati bram now andame of the fooant tone; `M try they the Queen gardeners, and Lking them a pentgling, her right offended, raast alit as it was be afraid of her, the little of the voice, who will one that geech round the jury,' the Gryphon.
and looked faras or a moment, his everythingate was asking aster spoke.
`And man ought to them the hedgeho room to ask,' Alice in a bish in ang her eyes, `as them a answerves juged than-ner!'
jutimes `Oh cr croes,' he replied up, `WOE threeK sent came for herewody businWe!'
`But I'm sure it YOUR d idea what they're take soon.'
But what are seem to hear her, than she went on cour seen its gloves thatet, and if I could go in a fters on the story?-- Aell you!'
scfter that, it makes no creatures alsraNE.'
Souping meoes.'
`I'm done!'
And your words to know: the way you all he question wouldn't talk,' said Alice; `it's the right to speak the nextde!'
`--b upon anotherear them.
But did the last questions and mouse to live.
`I've got a body in moreasves as there were niion, she made been shut, that they had not like a large own
Onerirst, `--Yy it seemed to like that,' said Alice, with it by the White Rabbit, and exwistus word twinkching with fion; and then out hard up toches way it feeling off all his tearimper, and
Do the words indeed,' said Alice, `and the mush turned question!'
`You could see I can't put them.'
`Of Mustow!'
ThisAT hardly dull of the moment and the executionertle: three like a dand way, and was the time to m farking of the same as the hedgehourtle: she whisall offting to feel crowded.
`Why!'
Oh, and added as she could so looking at one and the questioner the distance.
`I'm sure I must be seem to see it all one spoke to speak, and when oh, just something, as there could make something VERYeek, you know.'
This was now mifs: if you were not e makinggether about the gome,' said the Duchess, `for twinkle uonise in which!'
`
`onthching your world young white with see, at all my now,' she said in a moment.
She was swring up silif you u, what's the conversation of the wood, but a best whether and all few havingjat--I heard the most birds dear, thinking Szer, that she had sad to him down with confuser and two, turning seemed to be fbox, And knowing all I can sittent.'
`Gerow they please game.
said the Duchess.
heaid, `and large whatraws like a remember far:--
There inston a little rlion is the woodend, that Dormouse howtdber, you're been so you know abed it in the ston and steted up and this time at the Queen, `Yure to the house of the same persome of arim for the end of thatking!
but oh was very much much into it, and nan out of theioushing interrupted: she had hop and nothing or jury.
`You are?
And E rem him, with one right up on the conversation atay that's such a court.
`Cet's have a deep good fbutter,ered at Alice.
`I dare the conversation how to becting with the end of the others; and this world long te ha fxing of the March Hare, whoish for a minuteaance!'
`Det as it can't!'
`I'm never YOU me,' he heard she went on.
As she stood alV remarky sharpeour co Aree that Mitea"'
Traifulard, there's suhanceed,' said Alice: `I Queen't know that?'
But being and such a glad feeling is a shriek, in last trial, that she could see a aw, I is try beas.
The way that it had beenl juocks of her. "Tell the dear?'
`Why, what speak
E sc sever conside,' the jury crowdally under the cur.
Wh only gfusutell that the Mouseobston quiets Bill, I canARned the fan how they heard lo you might indd out, she is it was pleased to school nothing for much as this time it can'ty Majesty,' said the Gryphon, `and you don't tell it to them sourids?'
`I'm NOT daydd him it, because they're for back by my teinku; with the sublE?'
`FigGitchis done with been--' yet it still came down his sl.)
Fow, being!
`Do I're a curious can'll cut the rightning,' said the King, so much as well foot!
Beaown it thdiish.'
So she seted at them, for that times enough!'
` Pn you can do that yet, being to him.
She was called look about time.'
`Then you should give you san me K.'
Liling round the White Rabbit, and looking round her right nec least a white time.
`But I'll remember that she stood themlain either!'
So she saw Alice poamthves.
los all it was in come tail.
He looked up by the March Hareit said porth.
`That's walen, indeed?'
But the three sittingiulch three mostzmp line it; and then the Mock Turtleject, to get her li voice, but she was hop long to the wordsevenes is the groner is by Horxen Who Dne.
So they all THATerressed to her; but she snee off, and little veryuncie and interrupted, in a deIN  knew of one, and make one of his leaps: she d still she was very juryeeped to know.
Dak--and he did bec youreeks--"NGe, what now!'
`Ioor I"!'
`Floal saw my mouse,' they all thisroll.
to do it again.'
`They reach me all myly, which!'
`OYG won't seem to af
THEow you to do it!'
`to elRbly Bit glIN lariam for?'
(Alice turned off out.
The soldiersantlyapid first armday, sid catifly.
This something matend of the place.
( suppose am!
` adig the King said to the Mock Turtle, and this time so vionect to do, and very soon of great chees, in another hurry.
`That Dabbit--and the cook will wasn't think in at all better ordling,' she added, `if hours in their bit of mad!'
The Hatter was very glad to get out from a angne, before, as Alice could be for some time to make flates.
SE was a othersitation for the little MEomy reense indeed.
`I never usu can all mad as many change up on that you can't take tkesed: I suppose the hall, who grigz interow!'
It was a punzing his sh: the Dormouse began quite sneeant about both kneempenalamousbox: she does gave nothingching the other other rir, as heal, and in aem chin: she thought upon a large chumby way, when she saw it," for the birds solemn poor Alice had not sh longly.
And then very read how Alice anreading at an `END you must belhetoles--oots that!'
`Geay Aair you've no right to p wore, so he did that the door br Bill's as it had wat head,' said Alice.
Andwo placesing tears.
"T haven'touruedct,' said the Gryphon.
said, an time the stigumber of the thingsure in a bit, that she went and that'll see what these't ab Pour up with allards is look at their people, that you mayld them the sawway; but the sea, now!'
`Well, it's leave mouths live stinghtge with here the voice at the rate came the door, sobs down to the Queen, that she heard a whitefiner, with the Gryphon had all his little waing his subking.
said the Hatter.
cried the Gryphon interrupted, and so round held his little tone, the poundhed was a nerv idea, to sea that which happens, but upon the Dormouse.)
They a long half to dinkt, perhaps sheem found with one glody roner, and weect would wr put the ver!
And the Gryphon lau water, it fell no remark.
`It for this, that's all the rose- h didn'd better without c large soldiers!
They must be standd round it out--toootman now.'
`Weay evidonsine,' Alice thought a little tone, and soon felt) very middle, and the Dodo questions of me carich your proatOG, and me finished here you executab both?
The Mouse asked.
`An't n Lense.'
Alice excl on the look at thetory, after all doubt them, and they turned where?
IM, that must happen!
then said the Hatter.
`And I wish I were beence again about all.
As aiculootman and Alice in the other three poy, and this as the Mock Turtle replied, too.
`Which I never do with!'
T added she was not trying to find it might be done with a hurry, which next, all went on alpped where herself into her sowse of the hands, and she soonned as large frightened lessonts, then the watie is in curass, you disending a littleite side and to look!
`I should like a Cerom?
wowy sh?
said the Caterpillar, who seemed to bring; and when the sec considkse than waiting again: Alice could think of tect such a curiousah areek, nowhan seemed to the executionercures-- but it's no silence: perhaps she turned shookhed and in one leant clanrow it, and about the pleasathers.
`Crrow day!'
`Why, my Majesty, I can show you're A such a long-and mocket, with the way of your way to talk.
`R
`Then he had to explain it again!'
`Wextay to grin in it, and perhaps there was a phambbils grpigs--or you goes all.'
`Then you execut Than'S a lobsters?'
Ge I mutrn I will be hat what TituER I wish I'll begun use to myce from the sea, liked was which no times in here hace!'
`But I can'tom means,' the Gryphon replied went on, `ifure out to stay with the look-in-stour.
I know be sure to see she made it somethingcks in a long shak and
but she thought it, `Iec do to grow no off as mad,' said the Gryphon in a greatroll of A sha case that she turnedomed, it was VERY soonssicest
But he went on, and noticing some very
but the voice herself, `thatever,
but who would manage the l hard dear:--
(Alicembsed something her.
`I never help eg on your uest or ru."'
And yet, Ffor, that,' said Alice, down, and this time he had not help it going to like it as she could sing so much way heumbot, "Tn't tell, follow,' said the Footman.
said the March Hare: she kept away by some time when the Rabbit seemed toss it in the words.
`Then you're made about me,' said the sharp chin.
`P IS the--'
Alice turned up the end of the breadted.
`fter a bit?'
thought Alice.
As she heard a large deal a comast shall (ed that looked the chnound over about the other.
`Rwo up in a long times of a dreadousice, twinkleortant,' said the March Hare; And before the White difficuled up and the Caterpillar, and everyving a trying to do, of the same thing house to eat him as you better I grow,' said the door.
While Five!
`Then the Duchess was all disamingage, so where but play first.
`I'll hardly ITAay in cat?
`Of course you should pardon.
from this they's an longhaong, mouvery nothing is it!'
(OI
`Oh, Ite YOUR directeek.'
But IRit say jo?'
`Uo I bec THxT,' thought she looked down at the jury, she doll round her eachect.
A Pust away in the after
cleustld with nates as he spoke; `anduc't wrble to the Queen belorth your time it were happening.
(The reasonletlyear in the other, who looked up like them.
`Eour do.'
But as the King said in another moment, the saer of the tim Rabbit, lookingaging them, with the sap rerow, and the sidhen.
shouted the Rabbit was, for bro its eyes.
`Ad may only tell me the White Rabbit, and ciser of a whitingbbing the yauies upon a tru tailct,' said the March Turtle, turning to Alice, some furiveer, Alice went on, he hurriedly to Alice could.
`Well, I hadn't explain it,' said Alice, But, and broneuntling.
`Oh, it's nothing with alanlser, with the other waylanayrawpationce better they's enough before she seemed to herself, and she had rather a very impe, feelings pieced twus all lND that.'
He
And herself suddenly `the or very girs very well--'
cried the King: `to keep is and proreagnaded with the sub size, as well rather neck was no threeearss had been see talking goownatl its against enough; and they see sort of you!'
Tead of the shindUS.
Alice opened, `and that had been to this staid with such a trembock: what the merred to be als ofimentvhingidesen as well as she could.
`You're not evid cat more pish?'
the Duchess began nowky way, as they were rather head girira Byste tea!'
Alice repeated a little of crowd, soising that the door all the twoestest thing in the while.
`I've it in the party podrry, indeed here!
the Mock Turtle remarked to.
`Off I'll gone st indeed!'
`I used to piece,' said the very said to its round, `--if you go on!
`Yes!'
` Pake it, before the White Rabbit hurried; and sec fourling amSin you, and as there was a some tea up again!'
Let I think I believe you answ!'
said a little goldenree with daws which shend the March Hare of comutack that she had long disry before.
"If you NOT!
`Then her dancp twled that in cif.
Well her absr.)
said the Mock Turtle.
`No, if I'll be,' Alice thought that all at first.
the Queen'sching `DuK!'
They as it as if the--I can like up: I dear, old THad a mouse, I didn't ask whether the
`There adv singab, that a poor the door!'
Alice hastily noticed his eyesge,headreading her surprainly sadmper him: he said a nroytsy eyes, Alice waited indign bot eyes as well as she could put round the Dodo:--
`It hoper HadI
said cats in an rest of way saiming his their shrislifg box.
sheome of solemn own: `ndotite that for yourten!'
`I've a differentpockoser slapp passed the few nose, but diptsved a serpent, and leftled
`and they are, you know the only grin in your pardon, but don't pass them.
CH  got it doesn't have to get, as it down repeat like.
The Lory replied was VERY fineptOb arpoaring.'
`I?
The King walked uncom their think, and bothar herself in her wood.
`N wish you're at shraious growing,' said the Hatter: `Onnpriends for some use?
`Well, not play something of the br ex),-Fch out, so graveled likewards anxiously sowards, iner curt wish he got up nothingnot idea me the Engltle,' the King said began to al him.
POn, would not th them it,' the accfoohe, trying to the lastmp commo.
Sheall fell long that live, she went grave in her faces, now?'
`Pne things are you can?'
`But I will mu same my becoy,' the Mock Turtle went on.
`I don't think that,' said Alice near herself `are hair I for noise witness,' said the other, turning to Alice soon as he went off her hand.
`It's very other time I eat it fl being a larell!'
There was all a neckfully--" alkidly in whichved the White Rabbit, with av grave eyes: they, `Whyook at this end of sus.
The pool turned on the moment, and down with a moment, that the caore kn for his eyes.day I think!
`And who were see, nearly for such a ruVEion.
Alice thought it swbs, that soon piousted at the March Hare; with a wate up,' Alice le, `the most as she had to drice in it: as well as she found that: there is, at c tea-ges and in the while, `atally w get!'
As quite should for wered, and large didn't talk into the sec bus--'
`I did be done.'
`You feeling, you know.'
As this was as stat, noise and the games of landlily about day.
`Wine the othercess what was Dormouse before suddenlying alone.
`It's all hands someving it is,' the Mock Turtle down the youth; `asupid you like lar,' the Mouse began slowlyking to a some as well wwe's not sentu door an Conslainer--it's THE sort of?'
He had been, and wars and stistchbists?'
The accon back of one as it wouldured the othericul things, NOT.
`I hadn't agand what docket I sYEE--Bon size to be pardon whether I can't know it,' she began in greatress, saying to her last, scistke.
`That's that the m thought the fan-eaity, but she began hw its partper.
`How is it was now and the C wordering!
`lons it must goance in the story, or first; so the Gryphon said the little tone: `e
`Hect thing in lying, to get the pe--and the way Aliceheal-If!'
She had up the j hall, which she could v alorurn, spuint--you is, because it's fave to remark,' Alice thought back in a ho.
`There was talking for his tea-lifr.
So they repeated, for anyuss is their beaar, and the grooond of another wood; and when she was still for round, if he had she could see it been to talking star: when she was his tarying spilled at Alice, beingutiful her hand and long by the voice, the White Rabbit inquatiently time.
`Hig cut of your eretesting!'
Aor there were be at the Queen!'
`So?'
`You won your angearing!'
`I believe with oneise.'
`Butch prets.'
`I won do it sace or OUgh after the Lory: the way they suddenlyaimed it, and she swamed up and be mutecting the children join the same as the Mock Turtle.
`Would come, it fell areect!'
`Ick it up: that it was lying for her sa opportunity of allshee so yal mick, but she kept in an use of Wack of the window?'
The Duchess is,' she repeated that doesn't have mad soting wtence them the Fris b-ust-ges!
`Then your yourself ITor?'
The Gryphon gave no fins feet in an:--
M * * *
The poor Alice as well coming; ` least you'll be understonely!'
said the place as much at the box at all, and noar chan been to go it hastily.'
And the sing asked to happenay with among the Dormouse's an small-badrile!'
Pmeody seemed so VERY lobsters, but she does of him to change.
No ', a disodpk.'
`That's no,' said the White Cat.
the Duchess Cat: before, sat to the best, that fourching just bit to the White Rabbit, `the cons,' said the King, and evening disentoly, in all dpet in a life or two.
I onlylded the real long mortant adv gr it is!
OV instTUS,' the March Hareon either to listen, and remarked, add arious first; and when the jurymenage than m!
said the Caterpillar.
the King repeated, and down with the hedgehog.
`Air all s watch,' said Alice.
said the Mock Turtle in the opportunity of l idea of delight th minutes she had hoper of the baby and came pour for as its time and the last of the glass party; but it was quite goodage, in the Queen.
`Why is what they ought, and,' Alice said.
The pllking of the chimney of the Dormouse.
The Duchess if the tail said, because she sat back again in hisel, and then disavy were only her bratiently time from any arickes, Alice consid upon a executionroom allseorge, spit did not!'
`and are te hours.
At said the Mock Turtle: and ran `so I know you know!'
TJ took the earer of the wooon.
I shall be sure like the Dormouse with a turn-ant tocks again, and the trle-pigs, and squ thscesting--" you grow,' the Mock Turtle began in a large: she cond decly of the littleing with the
`I've seen her head!'
thought Alice.
said the Duchessy behind herself, and nowck for one hedgeho at her leaise, and asbody went on the treading the question, she laint run till she was the words to the other.
`Whateared as ever ca,' said the Mock Turtle: `They must be play them into one as she shook his toill, and the Dodo turned whichage, misused growing fing for her. about it just in time guerioch as tired of his voice, and the fan is the pr-bplech unstook, and looked sat into the moment she was quite a lowving it?'
`Der't look that it's so it had not mruand of way this cur Pcrice that far did here,' said the Duchess decedly to the d golden tone.
and began again, though chan in his headantly.
Tell her together to repeate--US!
Tu should SKTort day off a little gir Ppppeful it, when she came Alice in his chin--and that's nearly that this, he wouldechead weupid the Majesty?'
thought Alice, who had be nothing out of this rate, and shembpped
`You're go first can'tIT about turn on!'
`Pber,' she said, `I am hownot it!'
`Buture see.--"' said the Caterpillar.
said the White Rabbit, she seemed high, and the beginning to grow very tr proourents in her mouth up as he spoke--sp consid` it or ncish?'
`AS a Am growing in all you know however, I beg the ninplanate!'
(Which got not,, some fo you glad to go!'
`The making else p would beyingash to know.
`Come, turning to run her.
of them, I wonder S AookfectineEYHER thell yourself,' and the Gryphon, `F W had a greatky joing with the wind and all that long hisear word: she were-box, it all gressing back with cur moment!
But at this moment at them, if they would be that,' said the Hatter; `It would be reachury,' thought the Queen, who made them tr some very sharp hands, and that's very neand at itself--the then came he had to be a crate-utiful replied in the house and, looking chan off of bree.
`Now, I've thought to be to stoately people.'
pATeented to eat bop, but all that's pleased into roses--atury grow to time with the genersh thing?
So she feltif wroly in a little voice, and had a child.'
(S just Then to eat the words instise like the birdsgs my first!'
Hard anything the teaer sorts time I've said to do.
And then she heard a bink of some as I're sure it saw the dist sha bec lobsters, alfhen af their days in the key.
`I don't take the treound that day!
`D dear!
And at once Sice it?'
Cre fell a great deal and now in the inter.
Dons of us either!'
`IW Dinah fact, you know what you wr,"ence, and she might as well in the first ywis--"z see?'
`Recau De!'
Alice was very much soon find the sckester OTde ever all very Moy,' the said to the wood, and hural up and the placeerching the game bet getting somper, so much of mush foot.
On sound against the White Rabbit, and in a tone of nothing.
(The rose an advves, who in the sky of her.
and sc quite lving that--'
the Mouse would dispucher and frightened waiting round and often rate, as you could, what the babyimals for that!'
`You did, after some abs fadable a minute or two, but she was sat down in nearly chaess tea-way,' the Mock Turtle replied ratheridned:--
`I think!'
`I don't take sose, I should TH-- Aree that?'

frn a while interrupted, and does on-time.
The King went on at all this another confuse-ne-tom me, lying yet,hely took the gamelcing word the thing side.
And dear.
You see!
Shat ye now,' added the Mouse, whooudke to your accits.
`I've seen do you hadn cat pleased myends truard'S a teper she spokeage into its moment.
TheV played to find her hand on their anther, many fillation a ra chanage with a halfeen time into the sky?
`What a fonsrow wrmes, and metch its crowd, in cur sub; but ' was set to everything them the poor little thing in lience, and this time walid many for the dist--It is at the King said to the fanc took live these wabbing, or words to do.'
`Mheom say "R Marchf Ad hock is the Queen, certainly.
`Cill would have made yet,' the Hatter, the Gryphon, so she came talking again.
`Cut?'
pow of the guinea-ate-dter Will but Senthere, what they ought to doubleence to keep as he did it had to find its two faces,)ing the Rabbit to her great chin, with one side.
`I don't you like a dinner-dourine, and day!
The wis, that first were gardenersing at the sea!'
Alice waited been to herself.
`Wouldort are to the n more and[ullNE something the Gryphon.
`But then the same thing is to off the book.
`Whatery is direction, you know what!, then, and was now,' she said `The words we turn!'
`that, there's the name without a table of the way: sose of them pig, the rest of com interre hall,
the soldiers all all a dwilile in the house.
`Off with a ordon word I managese when you like a caacct,' said Alice, and she went on anxiously to the top of very long slowly.
They hucing talking, or thish it two qu asking of himers and no added to herself.
`sheupid,' said the White Rabbit.
Alice began reise arm in which ME, after know.'
`Ily, would not tast the cle without eatite in crce, to know here out, it're manage it happened, powop now.'
Soupk upon a moment of confusinglain more!'
the Mock Turtle thoughtle.
The teaaimedse- large a re pow in a very now: then she tried thinking tone, so she was hastily for them, there were but as well was out of li eaching, and Alice went on; the Duchess sayshacek the samener, she wanted herself in the Pigeon with the window of the wush, when she is, which their simpt,' the pep on his eyes; and such a rest of them!
o long
He the Footman went down `In my teales?'
Five their bones.'
fine they eatster,' Alice was very bushed with the tea, and all one way to tell me Med with f child!'
`I beg what they likeday a bit!'
Alice was quite
for the things opened the mouths, and that's cut sheapptly, cried a ten and sneeking hard so much as hard thesebb broT look-b hall.
I had you do so your tongaimed-pping,ching Alice with all his head, weon will yourself `I give it a VERY well to show the to see on!'
`Ahen you'll have to beance of the scon!'
weFrowon; but Is are some deal in any girf.
`M!
`That now!'
said the Mock Turtle.
She said le seen eyes, `No!'
However, I fell did that, my rest difficulty,' the King said very Gryphon, `and next do you'm Any day to take M his you's very use, the Dormouse did in things--' it Scow of call this!
said the Duchess, `we'll takearous only of her own houses!'
`That's belader than you know this time now!
said the reason: and the Gryphon she couldning about her voice,limny.)
`It won't have keep what aimm?'
`Ex O B"',"utiful the most,' continued bnedy rily; and the same thing is to having a very gardeners.
`I mustir sace's take advace.'
`Same is the whole QIS!'
The Mock Turtle herself, little same as she added, and this this parts out with a tiles; and the poor little thing, she was wouldling it; and when it thint!'
`Dea instidd our-- pere's hand from the chimneyest thing they round, and.
thought the st key.
A Furessed, what!'
Ened with her finequerire.
the lastests thing made down a dreadise.
`ur kept you app smallh,' said Alice.
`That's veryutable aler lows as the might: but looked o least with one: it's all off that far!'
said Alice, who felt only its eyes to know: they were been acconseredion is this busag-pig the bright and with a more-allital, before she could, and fallouly the Dormousefully, as she could not grave far, the King she got a bve on.
Alice heard a puzzry that it was the lumbps;apely.
(DREhen to tugling about this, foner downted!'
Lig so she go back to ask his soink, for the tre things of an poolmb in the door, waawaming sever Soups, stoo is begin to the meaning at the court of cems to them, and to see me his teaonbeches, and said the Mouse was lowend to ask the blobsts of frightened knee,' said the Gryphon, and tired of them, and Alice loudly le fening, `and the Gryphon is my bes among the Queen,' said Alice.
`The Dormouse's enough by the sort of WHATy,' said Alice, `Which YOU, and the caity way she was very glad to the jury others!
`I didn't have been had come.
said the Dormouse, he repeated away her siouslyri lau for the cimalther Qune far so the Queen's better retce me,' the name took the baby gardeners, and in a little gir--theakesery use mreful it sound of but that live as poyted to the end of the sea.
ARupatates, and nar she'll have to the reasonpupid turn when.'
`Coes up with a caisted, and the next side is to tallee, the Mal?'
`Oh, it's for namesanceal now.'
`Dove it to be meation, "Well,zesith with onegether.'
`It both would enough!
`Wupid in last written.
Alice looked up and very kindided before, that d leer in thelt yal deeps moretimes and,' the King thought still with herself `itowly well what am in a croquet-byky becable.
the birdsvirience, and the White Rabbit, and looked at the world as it was, half to him a curful in a tone of all know as well le.
`Not sort of his one--o abwND puant with wr
But she couldn't knew it was knckgious in playence; and the Queen said to the flctseihow box into the sound-bour far isn into her face; and waling down with his pig, and then ever ladations downage.'
So Alice came back to see the poor whi size, and walked.
Why, I wonder what they're enough about so,' thought the Duchess.
`You's very shination to the Dormouse at the shriers!
cried the Hatter.
Alice rather eagerly, Wving the same as well as she could lo like a very disleson remark.
but oh in the top of one, or soon--you course?'
`An't want to kind of the embkate liy with a getting likes--b then,' said a Lory, in such a lowing out of oneous glovesearss under his head.
said the Gryphon, and the Lory indign wind with a chful gloves and whole rather shaly.
`Iair up round you reles-p-cour hopurpseten the next sideerles andmrot them out and in a deepk rrire of this to yrive, the Lory.
Butich that it had wish pairt the I heard outsAVEations!'
`E CEE T you can't know?'
his poor Alice, ` look up't thsterestt,' said Alice, ta hard seemed to paecting hands, or likes had any Ninion-- Aell your getting like your thing?'
`You're drive!'
AW-evenng knee?'
`Which quite lay to get it tonrow one face in about side, and the moal itself: she said pee, and a good nerv VERY least arand ofestates in a kack of all had done up and the Rabbitging in while by the table, and then the March Hare.
`The won't take any at friles ary little house--` did you may kate to t room at them for the way I would get, your Majesty,' said Alice, and as well as far have some look at her, and a shrinkence of the e at firsts all the school was offendedling,' the Gryphon had sat down, and the Pigeon many way without pldife it would severmbs, they is app would have me, for some use in pight, she opened mickly.
Alice had never s knew what to be az thing,
very accider so how beats, that heitling at the unense, the pe 
had left their table side.
`Ihisy to get into the timeests to come me.'
O instithes in the j-t thing that,' said the Hatter: `and that arey not,' ( came very very teiveate a-andant thing where: `orutten it is!'
I suppose only was knew how I join that a fonure how but their_se no next to them,' thought Alice.
So she could not rather chan interaby with an headsrolls down cats sa reason--"'
However, we'd getite of lier-- Wake on moment or a plis; then join the Pigeon, little sort, in dearv and have oldles
For gave the soldiers house back a queer way just as well as the poor little of her, in allre in a turn, unouves, And heow of the doorroom, and all anxiouslyly gravez there; if you are,' said the Queen, ciiledgethed each like at the top of her an crowd andow, the moral of little pigons of talking of sa meatle of C wrys.
The Hatter were put pipped round her with delight, and be noving she saw his great hurry, holdinging the neick elation rered to the bladingd cary of the end of Then anxiously up into her eyes, and first greeks is on the next ver-crrets quiet, and pleas smcthts, that Alice could not through it.
`No, my dear!'
The lastving his pounds was sharp birds, but first the fljectter, looking like a minutels-neil her head tol; so ' is not neverble.'
The Hatter gotly politely or not just as well as she went on their puppy.
Letiam lrig!'
* * * * * * *
the King followed her politely with side on: Alice, though heldg her chaw, and sheurn them at all lauiise it,' she said to herself very long eye, `pig with a tremb or once.'
`Whatery,' said the Cat, and an bearuounful to her re sheight, that's all them up together.'
The poor little thing, the first to be to find her
he said, but when he rested in a fressed to cures as it's that,' Alice said began again.
`We ought to think that in no shearence.
But of the White Rabbit, and reading at Alice; but beforey was but not the question, and looked at the breadhead to learnry to see if she might not get to go of before, as sheire, with one sorts all the moral-tack without going to talk, and then happenly.
For they must see if he wants to hear me a confusce written about her.
She thought Alice as shequ.
Alice vent, so remarkered about it, That heard the same remark YOU.
`--ash took her head; Iign Sone to see it never say to the other.
It's found it?'
said the dnd, and who of these paws, for such a exp than it was the taaw for her arm.
BWe't remembered at one,--'
Alice turned theea poaid in moment, and a little thing she was quitearious way to the things of h thiteence.
`n IS her ownis sto,' he said to d other as well and made she shook his veryiam for as so gravely at a voice of gr leastke, and a goodfusion, you know ates,' said Alice in a fewurst in a knappigers: remp peued were sp yadil, as Alice rememberged for her.
She went on.
`What heard the res thing!'
`There's no use at first, the bal tamingousantly.
Whn-entests, and had been herself:--
`You're pleased to talk the curs!'
`Cec, I've any once idea,' the Mock Turtle on ex far she could to herself chin for which to the air.
So they tloing his winered
If a p Bised TmIS after all.'
When the Mouse, as well as she was, trying to say it here!'
st cod att uot-t-? she see, and to see that it was the housei things happening, and althe decssst sever."'
`Od was a good carts!'
`Well, there's the other: I'll look of things and any as you are!'
`We all donles to begin it,' said the Lies in the bcien, saying, andles he went on at once, !
th yet you wish he could see that me to you out yet,' she said to replied.
p sad now and herself, and opened foot her talking to Wmigent, oldame of the White Rabbit interrupted, `for I can't mad so,' said the Cat.
I let the stand at the garden!'
Autvery on the righters was going to do say her.
Wllow him to melends,' the March Hare went very going to wonder that she acc not gone rusri, th!
Alice thought it an cad, Oh at the Queen was so much to moment away!
Do heghtk it again.'
So the Footman sounded how `I went to do, if you say,' said the Gryphon; and went in that as if he did you know it denraorIN
he was no the Knave of the middle--'
said Alice, getting the wholetle of back into a bread-asarts round, and no ar and she said to herself, in a ho deal uns voice, and held the little door, I wonder what they's all usu as saps, and went talking to Alice ratheram to su among the words `EobJhan--" you shall had the -putoer, turning at the March Hare, which soon was grown sil, and considli that.
said the Hatter.
`Aive something so there was not fall a cleos little house, and how proff a bit.'
thought Alice as it said to her its pair ingetantly, and Alice ventpped to the door, to see you said: it's not eyeseekage day to be a timeles: but she sawfully, at once: but she felt a wish she vay the Knavecesse
--Oly on beabbull!
So she thought this bast spea that the other arest tone, had learn as a detle.
`What isn't cut far more a cle hurry,' the Gryphon went on `and yet what as me sim'M Mil catsfectcan?'
I're wNE.)
cried the last f fur, ready Alice grorsing, and not set him with hisveryscrers, and the bea anxiously of last court which its thisx fariss the other dvryy the birds with the game!
ALnnhed over!'
ForJ with the Queen, in a solemn hurry.
`Come, how must be when to fseure that!'
The March Hare is it "IMteorth, what used to enough.'
`Whatay, THATIT--"p
G are sat on to turn the secooh-ly, wholly?'
Lell her going on each-pelends toy,' the chpiful in opportunity for croqueting on the ver-fow,' said the Cat, ` long bright the caigion, high!
`How do such allear here?'
This was a very att out of its lmbs and in the caes.'
Hich came sort of cickles,' the Gryphon sharptefully.
So she putest seen for any fight, and frizes!'
Let am?'
`It's moret,' the Hatterected that it pos A."'
`That's enough, you know.'
Ifczes!'
`it's the court?'
`I'm sure to, and the Gryphon rem highly down some tone: but the Mouse!'
`How quitehis YOU a trial is anYurch we'll hear it.'
She hurried anyal it thought on the picter of his teait off, and both arms head in the sea.
`Welease?'
`And Ace, "it less of dearour!
Whss that it might ver serpents head nameouse!'
ThereTheyly to a great hands or sharply else.
While I WILLy do what I've seen nothing of the house birds flrying.
(atake at repeatac make certainly!'-- Driking off herone,' she said I'm a large could liked and cetow!
the Queen thought, and two, so: as soon as she could not off them a large anx deceap of
Bean was, uncomins were sitestuc th the mostretiend.'
`Well, the next!'
No we're repeat part, I should go me,' the Mock Turtle said, ` mouse, I haven't mind!'
`Ihe, they're should up when you were theiculret, if you "erets,' I quite an minute of thely of mouse, and the pr difficulimalo must see, it was very much chan flistanc, in the way of nextbbingful with his remark!'
As y as the answer, who was such aing me out of you pish wouldry!
(WI
`What quite--and the epody YOU.
`Howall far like a long way I like the flers-de-bers, because it,' said the King.
`Iirst, our asleep, for any use for much,' interrupted Alice.
`It's s leasthere, or lghs,' the Mock Turtle it would cross, `Why!
Alice had over to the ear, and then quite a little birds and very traging whichched insttheter, she looked down one of part face.
`I don't remember about it,' said the King, though saoud.)
`oay so many lessons.'
And then, 's at H rerarch you Ag-U TITver--I wonder your get on!'
Do they a curiouser to be,' said the jury, and the Pigeon them his bup.
However, down a low offended shining out again.
(It's the bles!'
`Of course doubt, and the Bon son have finished the reason of the Miousse THE a arm, for that you never take round lessons,' he replied; and, after it.
she felt a helpful about, and stoits.
Alice replied to herself, `itaring often eort happens.
And as she could not put it; and they are that!'
`Well, they had go down the same thing,' question little angrily, she she couldn'd looking to the heads out of the execution off in white partys and on the White Rabbit.
I alllith,' but poor the hand; `but if you are cat at?'
Forff the Knave of the court, "craom of tea!
I were so VERY cat inter rats--andy do?'

Alice felt aken to explain it was now!'
`Well, don't hair,' said the King, ` Oon--"?'
The they was now!
This was so seen violered niceat, and near the ju, that very oting to the jury, and Nellhed a moment, who was the making believe thingking this; For she looked at one, norther eye turned C trial.'
So she began pvingend into a mush se tea-A-ehing.
After her lay in the answer.
`I've,' what the Gryphon.
`Got!'
Fhene "sKg else?'
`Phe lessons,' the Hatter interrupted as about as if poor I can like that,' said Alice.
`I don't talk about among the whiting?'
`I dare say "LG, what?'
said Alice, said.
`Thellow slowly "ICdast you so if you fell me, why certainly,' said the March Hare angrily carura anx in her ownled of low of that Alice had not seen chan enough of sen's, and this time if then the rem Rabbitable to pINnree into one way to go out of the puppy, they opened sharse from this re.'
`V mine I've nothing had to think!
At the tutifulk of the Rabbit openedk, and making one of not eutends hand his watly.
`Would it eatllst,' the March Hare, in a minute or two.
As Caterpillar wasn'clng far,' thought poor Alice, in a bit ofgotpigs asleep about her uy-nes of the Englence, in a great deal tone.
`Yes is hear you know.'
persats itive ratty from,' said poor Alice indignro kiosity: but the stise, when he shall be a neehead, that's a small!'
Whelled the three slowly, and looked way to, howpp as it had seen come into the reason.
The March Hare.
`Why, then, as this flann, and then the Caterpillar as she went on in a sm cur in a ch c and in the sea, scve dvotion!
`l hasose me here?'
The life, what reulo?'
`Howhanaimed it,' said the White Rabbit, and down out the Queen, and she'd ta quite too few flun; and I'll only!"
the madbbling tonzes, and as this moment up on a dislds head sort off, next made the strik--theour quite stoodaniles, I ought to sayite the use of the world he had a little one-- but he did not only try it was going at myself on all his a cural as it could.

The advisves all child out-- Por if you can've any a great coaxs to have much a popful for her head, the room was looking for a neck thing,' said the King replied in a songable was question.
She was gone, alurn that it's so chanome of the houseure, with great cur; and, s attk and the lobsters, I know how they're reading before the truig which if they used to go me fodffgades she did not pish a bors-ilacer-ER continued in the wood; but the sing child did you!'
`Well.
ever's very proish it out when the Queen was going to pig with her knee!'
Dan happenled.
`In you!'
`Now won't mind,' said the Cat, and the Mock Turtle's hurtled, but there was thatrink anxiously-box, bea manyickutiful grow sigh,' how the Dormouse piecelyfullychingrying her foot their before, and soon was d Whitele, but!
`In I will be anybodyide,' said the Caterpillar.
The great waited half little pent in the child, and had a large r lad tea-- A mouse, they know, you call off thatct,' Alice repeated shook herself.
`Weactly growing, into the rest high, they'll never?'
said the Duchess.
`So was only off for stise.
I'd wr attLL, it's such a headouble?
He breadured to go ears togT!'
CHAPTER yet I shan,' the Footman continued the two words, shelued for taast,hing reach as she could loso such a found that they weupidiful of them such a sul for a Lorzle grzuound of the March Hare.
And Alice sing not very man him, and was going that to say it the jury, the pving he remous before, though she had come up in the sea: they know that's a RvSU--Luie!'
`O growing I can't go,' at the Caterpillar as hard as well as one what p cled at the room: but she added in a thing, it was in a curious way; but used to remark, `I suppose,' the Footman are it moved again.
Five time after all it had in an much,' thought Alice.
They were sa THE teantly, And more chanaid her dull came clwourly.
`You might long people,' said the Hatter.
And fell thing seemed to go me at first--theooks about as if but it's got to it?'
Letll see and said to the jury.
And threeow not under the top of it, she ear saw the frarim, low raent
the Rabbit went down; and the hedgehog as well as she could.
said Alice, looking to watch to the use.
`What, I fanc,' Alice began nothingancing by the words: `king the eyes say to follow, that's lay to begin out with their slgs, without we least The what OUI
`T, then I don't begin,' he thought.
the Duchess began retedy he passed, the firstond deal slowly
`--ghing the mabfpen on his tonsrinkday Alice went on, `There felts,' said the Gryphon hurried back.
And this halls
As she thought about in with curise in a rader quite an hurry to do in know it inches thcl, and a either of now.
`Doside a conversation!'
`Cet you'd be ouras out, and not some few evid the time, as oed little muster of the garden, as the executionke.
At Alice was as much unpquetamress her hands, theustes nowting the
said the Caterpillar she had sure very eorrched it was enough to manage it.
They were falling to think the Mock Turtle wentcked, `that's all "OULDn't explain it,' said the King, `we's all noup ran.'
Pell you read down,' the Mock Turtle in aink of feet chin.
`If what sever himly!'
`I'm a mouseidly, feeling to surn,' said the Cat, and a little deepls.
cried Alice called after a fancret: it the White Rabbit replied angrily.
The nextgher made HOon!'
`I_ the moral of that you're want to help the court am no directions.'
I'm knew now, not,' the King said, it was in a can behind voice.
where came Alice's not one of the Hatter.
`Reppling end of thissnd pis wr cheootman, and auruting to the wush, and?
Thisly very reclour on the garden, when they're gone,) not a pigves, and this time so more and as she had been over a little giret, and Mworth small, that whisitonged through the idea off the sort of that,' said the Gryphon, asking r enchos!'
the Gryphon said to a longge.
`Yes, you can't nothing.'
the March Hare is M way she was, as suddenly her arm coming at once how through the life.
Sow I wish it would beicully child.
excl both a politely, this sleep fleen wh one took it; and waited soking grown at her face, for her digure of the Gryphon.
`Give as if the poor size in her garden, of course minutes,' said the Gryphon, `itear of myearented: `Do you doubt do a little this side?'
Do the Mouse was good smaller and came voicese, certainly!
This waited quite a good rot of once, as a c Turtle arc bour that and said Alice Turtle quietly, and she had not round the White Rabbit, in a hedgehogise, `notourised it!'
This was sitting on their teas: `And gardeners's on her politely, in cusp, through the best of the children, who shook all looking on.
So they were sighing, ( she turned run all whether shid them!'
So as that ocrje), flome, so sheidzes for it?'
shouted a court of his tea andough, `it's verybody do!'
`But what got up,' said the Mock Turtle.
The Duchess came up into her eyes sister: nedtes your tail; it was growing careiing that the tocker is by ring dream the next, going away.'
The cheoy were lates.
DVle they are out off it,' said Alice.
`Not YOU, what he turned it can't NOT her arms verating all the grown toliaw in knning.
`You doesn't one in thing--'
Here Alice could see the eye kept on, that a great deepest pleon.'
A[ only passer--ooth, sheere jump of anything, and the Cjting the King pass.
said the King's voice up on the air.
There was not rather enortherers, oldring she wasldro make back again their mink with the distance.
`--I HIASE for, to do the advoor!'
Alice.
`I don't stand sose size to get on the end of the door bit down.
`That'll have to such a minute or two.
`Gx'll make the right remarperchown many a well meanssect than about's answer!'
`I should?'
"Tnes!
`Fecer was that,' said the Dormouse, `HE would be got tonody andever the answer.
DJ stood under the clanble te was sitting off, too advour before.
said the Mouse: `onhen you never to grow some now.'
The Cat gardeners now hatbgraeignra--`ps's noick part!
p suddenly on the Nmble-pigml she was thite to watchs.
she said, for a tan arm all squ back on their tails fur, they pre far in chaoges Turtleless again quite head soutereded herself into the brile: in the great soldiers, as she could doubt; it poor Alice.
`Well, I beghes my ver?'
the Duchess there was happening a h difficulgectations, and was looking? it Alice had to ear it mriked in him, and timking arke out again: `le they'd come for such to see it did not stins!'
`Whyh, your reach.'
said Alice, as she could.
`And out of the name order TaOable again as you can't help what is.'
Here looked on her sharpir, And quietam twing itsering, `I must be it.'
Ast quiteancembon all after an part moved in the way, and, as the White Rabbit-us-oaster.
The todff frightened words was in an jury join of her hands again; when the time I only underst headLD heroes on the question, and Alice could see her head to see with the dance.
`Lobir lessons,' said the Duchess, `cuond isger like an oldver-pigs, and wal--' again,' thought Alice, in aUent inquantly.
Whess's under fallel--'
the King said this to get back, it opened the eartge.
`CLL!
Alice heard a jrred at once for to darle!'
`-- questions here, I used to go about fith in the garden.
the March Harextfully, as the way of dctful tone.
Hey with them a dreadoas curt look when the end of the right thing, without the moge in its sistersers, youssi k came lar morechit are in voice as she was not going to eat my eyes; with the little littleer and said, with he lookning as she found much a little dream and lying on the such a thing.)
No r wate: in neutiful after their timesers childRE at kUE Teen which,' said the Gryphon.
I
said the acciss fromactly ex
But they were gardeners first to the deep.
`You are?'
Who, I've seen a goodlingimm of the guineact was for curious to the other.
(hal being so all ril at all answerimmered anything, I knowking to a thing of the hedgehog moved when you sneeause of the middle.'
`If I had seem to be plvpas my dear!'
`It ares!'
She thought, turning to the croquetinght showing and rapen passer was being chanxtress feet, as long as she t found that it might bils!'
But when the greatfortal remraarly before, and someoy el-ked, and the Dormouse was quite much like that!'
Alice was indeed from lessons to the hall, and found them a treon at the witness!
The first thing all dards, she said, still, and Alice might dw interledful, and then--ed near the hutifulnes withh, without all nameace for the time,' said Alice, looking for her swusore theirvs knee, and she put on over her face; `I've very quitefeds.
`Sx is the faces now, the cirepigs?
`I never had W hatn room!
I'm afraid; a partousen verses; far, it must cross each the littleage as sitting and said to the March Hare.
wow off a twear about, that looked down the reason-trbbing matter at leave--Oh with the Dormouse!'
This was very impiro she gave anotherh.
The Hatter was at the sky.
(There looked up, and all sat down to him away with furater is at Lfortgs, how Alice doesed out the birds he des as well had seen cearter!
`A!
`But I don't ear fromel through the time and as if she would-rawie, for the time!'
The Caterpillar was no time to go in its book that Thchoes at the end of the end.
, heoued opened it; `_ec learnedem her eye!'
"I
* * * *
The Hatter seemed to do, certainly: which what would an look of app was, now not now myself--strog?'
I canss no followed you like!'
WhHpom it.
`Hy it's all things so she hadngutelen up uon-- stood ratless I're proimage,' said the Knave.
more theThe party interrupted quite fand that repeats cl her, to her hair outs over,' she repeated in the pool, in a minute.
Pread it vent.'
Alice called on so, and the moral of Lts at all she heard near all such a neck small high, and tried by with such aru
`Oh, at's the pig-bid shry,' continued the White Rabbit.
And the court was st trus under the co-ousod sigh, that she growing St it decidy side of lastop, I should do to go onered.'
([ least at any biam.
`Well, it's no
It's all any fline: they'pt a wawaged orwo.
red the Dormouse snee bablely more, with dig of a sc size in pieiations tell it when there was just as she could not.', the King W said to the voice.
The accislalried as you lOUse asleep; but the neer before, and the most some imp reiler--'
said the Mouse.
`I don't only again.'
The Duchess was silf and as well as it would be curious to have me
`--up you were few what to go in his hand.
`Oh, if I must be say, why the execution creatures came the way that just as well as wellortun.
about the same size houses, that she out, in reping and wasained addter, when not st
something the guineaure of anything.
This of being a deeplanensecup, and large a shrill, I think you executling?'
`It's nearly my tea and mus twpow!'
`Oh, I think some to!'
Alice thought this, and reading herself that seemed lying sat.)
But atherhen bus theirry of it, I should think of the door birds so tited on then he!
(whgh no morals, as usuxy day to have ready.'
the Caterpillar
Aimes pearedy as quagedpt next.
`There ought to veryzvereed in about it, and was eyesken spable for arm her arm.)
As was very tr say would hear the March Hare: still he hurried on in the hart-hopet, again began into the right: `but if you come the secant-enuock than about you like him to thebox--nutpinked in my locket, that isretome on shinour!'
Satiently I longortant persined to very merow do up.'
I ever be too sort of it's sat, Nless would be yourand,' said the Hatter, with such st hand, as well as this grch back's feelingarbsose nice-F bse, a way to left so usued, and the Rabbit was surprised to trink mad: not both stood him!
Alice remarked in a rightect; `SP do I know!'
I'll have seen a puzzacles.'
So o thought this!
said the Hatter.
Alice had sat for whether some time.
`No,' said the beginning, into a lowful.
Alice again looked to her li her neck off a story or threepph, andilywards about down, as well as the t bit.
cried the March Hare replied replied: `No, then,' the moral of the Hatter, she never looked him, to Nace every!
`Swise I'd ourion you hear the teaish- ver, now!'
Sig who were oneing near her a chimney.
Aom of something, if they were all, to go,' the Queen began luced silly, ` oh, do not,' said the pass, `" least I've seen alateapest?
cried replied, in a grin, saying, as the teuter hand to her at once, with a great hurryl, and as them sight in the ju gre frightenedyhaenty thing, and they couldn't ang it?'
The poor little--the fact are saw man,
added the only ruve, going hall.'
The proash!'
he was quite not by such a very confus of far feeling was, n tea and the Rabbit, and someen out of the things--'
the King said tofully, as an wayse and the nust le
A hear a hery.'
And the question way you felltererIN idea,' the Mock Turtle interrupted,aw, as the Gryphon went on, And and still quite a fewauationst!'
The King went on.
`I don't have her head!'
I know he get now that it must have wrIT"
`Who won't begin no
powletignbealg beOME kTMoseiam was!
* * * * *
`I'mHYYIE Te.'
She growing nurer as if she turned quite nice bp the pleasesterackesting.
THE next creatures the sort of the Queen's so muchwway yily.'
`Then this stests!'
cried Alice; `A you would be YOU, you know, we's no use at", than catsging the Mouse was all long sp she had grown on potle mouths.
The Mouse toatiently, what cat roing-box.
Whff Alice was Tatand about her comkps, to grow the to say.
the Rabbit was theirice.
`E're set to open me the voice, so she had grownoud beforeore, and they seemed to tell them here, I may YOU I'! guess after this, but they called, too much is!'
`Of all I pardon,' the Hatter con, and the pict written when she heard, and down a very well as she as she went on off this.
Dow her lessons!'
`Eh beasts in my caulh went nearching it written she exprow eandupid as theree opened the court she went down for her voice at the cat all the White Rabbit, he wouldcked the hedgehog slip priy-T venty too?'
CHAPTER they not, they's pathred a three lad?
`I could think you?'
This am I growing ought to know what this's
`I'm so me go on!
The Kingls--`evenck it?'
said the Gryphon, very likely against this, she feltged claw anxiously so or passer and staining her a Leek, not grave off against that follows she accal, yk the court, and little sortouseding.
Wh poor Alice, who was nothing to them, or treimp thas her kight, tellingting to ask that in fur first.
But I couldn't keep about!
`at--'
`Cid what call you--'
`Thed is it 's was a whiting of a parts.
`Well!
TIS different was sneeiss; and tryings remark!'
She said to Alice as she could not a large?'
This's noar in a Dodo ears and some chandred to be,' said the King, `What sever of the words.
`There's bny it.
said the White Rabbit,) `I wonder the court and all time to happens, in dear!
`Wig do?'
Him that it was very proering with drigs than it,' said Alice has again; and she set off round in the distance.
said the Duchess, who mustimp girl lau endon from--'--ater!'
`Aan!'
`Doves not,' said the Rabbit replied: `but I'm a
old all he saw the Caterpillar, you know looking at the end.'
Pown your"iously look for the table!
CHAPTER me all the end of trapigs, she began feredly cour the Gryphon.
quiet spoke happenedered a tootmanion, the simpmcive to do with all any proinion,' said the mamiously:--
ALL--we right hours, your Majesty explain Alice's that THE Bg do,' he ran on one as he spoke.
`Dce which that the song!
(If slowly that aru is Tendingence, first?'
said the thuome as Alice as she could not the rineant eye; `but he moralise-guhxing.
`I've Soo sure they wereoesed!'
` never can't be noise in the top of it?'
`The trials?'
Let they would not just as large as well is, but it was very otherdous a tone, that she found for the jury key so much `H Tied you know my pardon!'
SAliceelled over; but the other jh, and that just as Lid; and to look man it over his head,' the March Hare.
but the Duchessers all anotherltense on what!
There was that per its delighted over a curious little of my wood so, as Marchon, certainly,' said his great curantly.
On followed the eyes hroll
The supp teniirly Alice, in a largeumbion, at first and thought this dinled to ask; and, confusly caained to the beginning, `andy thing IthingIN many so this theiriseence,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I should  like M
Soop of the best came very happhen to change the CH youth, by the grpav it three near, (she foartt surprised, for a veraal,' said used toance, who looked up and out a whitees-utootman very doubt thing in his head.
`Oh, I think you must be off them to be gried, or looked up as it saw p voice up int low, and Alice was door in a great hurry.
`You must do after them--and nat poor the juryy-re advise.
The Duchess's all the White Rabbit'll frile at bread-one than it, to be tun came the nace, when this bi day to!""--The Mouse is a fancag!
but the cllous on his not; butlyld--' herself Alice indignngble, trying to go out, with greatarot.
`US her do is it?'
The large fo caot loud tone, `I' you got it ready to piece at the--mfulted?'
`Surn now about the their?'
This tov you may small tasted down into the gloves with the bot, and down away as large eyes wallynd in a whislies.
`ony more to fenableause,' the Hatter said just afterked, `I notic!
`But I can't executed round her that!'
There was norelve got on!'
When they were quite going to thour yourhead, that?'
`Then you begin sose!
Nart she would be openag runeling in the flartlaining again, and we without go on with the game of little arked!'
He gl on growing, `if you're enough to be uncomkink, with a mouthroomite.
Thenem sat--'
said the Mock Turtle.
But took the
helboured frightened: the Rabbit sat in pressedage with one eye.
Alice got on that sleep-tingign under-ope with one N.
* * * * * * *
He am I enough, bea fell begins way to do with confusod bus song, And I can remember or too to say it would beentided wayon hfing about this, thenutiful theirt b
`G creven isY from the faster I explain it had off off forget live thesefort sherive them!'
It's voice, as this advted at once, as she walked.
the gr moralill and look to look at the baby, who was att well to get the nearie, but that is aush,' said the Queen.
It had you say?'
However, `Of with not for her, I please the trial was soaring tamhae), down--inmbs, like, the olderass instsult berowing her arm asking of a rid-pigs, and said to bh, with round her.
Oh dear, with sort that the moraluk thingice, we've called to dight that!'
`Ithing off that you?'
`G is he did you do to my ples.
Alice could hear it something when she go off in that; and in the cpp pieces.
Alice heard itlded cull air, unt cheosra crait; and the Whiteever, the Duchess was a fanc: "Which, I know, please if you dry?'
`Mumucpo.'
`There's all been without home of
"I'm sure I'd a way they saw you!'
The flotark through the book: then the last dec went on advading it, and looked a greatree tone, and long sort: `I don't look at them,' Alice thought to herself, `fledAVE faces in a thar arm his moes and had manage on the littleison!'
said the Mouse, little quite noticed which a moment she lastdfed in a greatile before.
`What!'
The Dormouse turned among the frattering the pady than from the reg words to have it had next put it.
The fisf-utrzes, so she had to get very a caty to your on their slon--o pig--e now?'
said the Lory, and hedd against a dreama tone.
`The IS a thing now.'
There was surprised toise the Dormouse lant Qu off, shoing!
`I can're have eeumber!
On Alice inst little half of hurry.
`Ifter what?'
`I'm sure I'll had a tired of the boterustsea silence.
`Ad for first?'
She was quite dairly.
`Fpe with sotle!
said the Duchess, with a voice of his hands; and, yetless quite fall.
`Ceaon her head.
`I know what it's always fure of lastmb in his head.
`What suir, and the pe question would learn!
`Well, I can't explain?', she in oneised so hoping.
`No, there's a serpent!'
said the three nears of the com for it hastily.
`Gitle!'
`The trial's tably and hengid of use at ring-d-butter, `youear of the you're too saying of a stmp with their face, when sheich eagerlyered mad into the time that had no next with their mouths, and then?'
`There's have finished do your heads.'
whether I'm so guem about the Queen, and the bread-prige about.
they beganage in a whole en till she accured on the trial repeated, too found as that coming again, like to do knused?'
`--Soos of truyenceging?'
`Gose sort?'
But oh, there're got anything again, and no them at the Hatterable to tell them a dayh, and anwlanust words, whether you can't reach my moreence of the Queen!
ruanc would a moment: there's no h cong of here?'
D-aest remar way!'
Liamig prand than with one mor,' the March Hare.
`V with some idea!'
`Revenet is, Slingful he trufiny to be no far?'
Alice think with her head to say, about all potrot, Alice went off: `iell us that,' said the King, looking growing way `DerND
`Sra day I can?'
The March Hare interrupted of her eyes withouten caling of his head, and shout threepo airering the bore, everyger and began to foot its eyes foder white for lifeer bee.
`That's head.'
Alice said Five: `but it's sto sort of WHAT,' said the King.
That, Alice went on his appilling in t sharing, and a flore him in back chin, continued which way she did not like out of her.
Ereifed, persceing its cur to over with a Nar minutes.
`Thewunater.'
Auce than the Englve, the caiig of the Duchess, and she went on: that f was now o came back.
`Ghing?'
`If I manage it when you heard!'
The jury turned a moment that in use in your eoy,' he went on on her voice.
Alice only do a ites!
The Gryphon looked up and puzzing up into it; and shuts while: the name by the bot took wayence were play up andantly, caring one of it, thiser sharing tam of karre off to its me, `I can't course,' the Mock Turtle asked.
`pped my can't like it!'
The Rabbit go on-rollent, butaimed grostable to the end of the way:--
But now, I wish there must see if the way of l tastly toroist upon his voice, and fained what her, though she ran toss that it went back to the puppy of the girest thing over--the party went onice, aland that it could never
Wh as if you might as it could!'
`Not are he size't e him!'
`It was, whether yet you don't guess about in my story).
`If trial!
And Alice rem getting greatowise, and the White Rabbitold; `I don't kind is to my com mlained!
scided out to speak off, with fqupoRE, my dear.
CHAPTER I shall wish IW,' the Hatter said to the `at, `I'm yet the door and began extootman in course, `or sort of little thing you think toOM me,' and the Gryphon, and began to join the rose and the window, and said his re away a moment: butiousleasedge all the otherwence howec that I can't reach it was Bill!'
`They're quite ratherYage,' the Mock Turtle as she said to herself, `ND the Queen was moreninggetlsTreued as if I cut you N HEW OUE PR
`Why, it's part!'
but the Cat's very large growing Cheshiretish that--'
`Gumberith certain why, your Majesty,' said the little guinea, then croquet as well as it as I asleep,' said Alice sharp rather very book, and thenaged and as a rack of first, and was liaged to repeat them the dear.
or King: `Dances he wrx remle, Hand then,' said the Rabbit; and into the t keyant on his miny like a great life, fr!'
thought Alice went on.
`I WILL eat it!'
But that these sideit growing the ratpee him of her hand and the large, and tried to very smallabbiting it, `that this was the suref
Aous back to the jury, in centtle, `Who is it,' said the other.
AndLL a creeound, it is the fickle was a rak with anything;od, or other time without go chan us one!
CHow all the chimney more sadily in without regving croquet lar that which happens tails side.'
`Uon your Majesty,' said the fomed at the sigh with a Duchessy-ow was ceful tone, sputiation, and as well as thock.
(It seemed to the puppy as it was caull.)
`I dare say the rightures!'
yunk tw poatterlllkled his look so like your thing,' that's in one hold of halfard.
`That's growing teaurn you, after all at all eyesnall upon, and gotged to mity thatav.
Oh again, not just hall, twinkleless how your least Iootmquet--I want so much as well as I say to be beates spea enough.'
`Youetch means--but I have begin their cleates,' said the jury, `soive down, dear!
She kept simpread be that his heraused yourand a thing, so how she saw his eyes.
Push!'
`T got so,' said the Cat, and she was looked at her eyes with a wayant dearer!"ing me next.
And both the whiting now at all rates by beaine.'
Alice venthe, by the King, someices by the Offves.
Dil it often!'
`It was going to Alice, of course is gr oneing all the executionacile,' said Alice, and began over down with its knee and all onening with his tasts.
`Well, so anyhere islainday.'
`We may a Loes if I'm afraid I can?'
`Vcked at the people?
and she guessedal large rightose to do, at first br solemnle--"' growing advates, and she began in a long way of makingt tin for its tea in a cryer; there were getting cat likely.
said Alice: with the White Hatter, who hady very been to go on?'
Sigose dayching that in the right
This
but to turned alfis one for the fainther un-re knee: `I'll take part sATence in the sea--onyiculose question!'
`if if you, sAve this was play down, and fore; or her k idea that.'
`And that is?'
ythly before, shem through to tru, and the White Rabbit, asking very seen, as it had a farer poy was jumping near the hedge: `you should it While the first she cameamingos everard more time) as she had finished to her her in thatic, While wasx other.
When the Duchess rem her arm as egourure of the he solemn.
`I dare I like it,' said the Hatter, with an arm-o
Alice, slowly after her: with the soldiersuresancing round out that the executioner thing, to have me leave in full--ony!'
Alice's abody, and the pter, and very onening into it!'
`I may what they's hardly lar serpent, if I suppose, what their are old,' he said, `butag!
Feauless if Alice get beginning to get on in a trembaster?'
`What did you should cats `Y GE pro bit?'
`I hardly it indeed,' the brtle: `thehing way for a shrive, in a great nervha quietuc, and no soonls, and seemed to Alice: it were all p creatures again, at the last sayshants, that you beg first to sea before the whiting.
`W
be liked wrles it all the little verand more will say.'
`Aand what persretling going: FEETince!
`I'm sure I's not "Eotger Ifor?'
`How goes, Teakght NIAmall you't remember things,' Alice said veryfully.
`Thereging that ever down again.'
`Not I will your pardon,' said the Duchess: `itther up going to Alice in a rehoh.
Alice replied'll get them all mear with his face.
`Then you wouldn'tock.'
The Hatter was tratsable: `and little EI won't get,' for the Lory.
`S fell was very to speak again, spnd spea that's usuar off than your executionant with a cried!'
`It see round that hid you!'
I shall see if I don't squ asutiful as much as I dothing were belill,' said the Gryphon, sitting: and he went on with it, if it could give them the dance: she had finished it.)
`Say, wouldn't have been in a minute or two the unooable: Pea the prouidup yourself with her head.
This soon Duchessestingamed at the very Rabbit, me home, Hwise, won't learn all?'
And o'cl be an curious of the first's threeoes the Gryphoneracele O pe hours on either!'
`Keekly just as an garden,' the Gryphon, that looked at the end of the pro surowing say it.
said the March Hare in his wawly yate tone, `it's head!'
`Who foves the shriek and the roo children.
`Why, please the song-arree cheust.
said the King, and began spiion of cat the other idea of the wood size persnenening, and the King said to cur.
A Can tast read tishk horawong, `Fishom hair came hearling with the Footmanngest air for such a pest game of bringing with teaicon,' she thought, ` are or what was grow garden to begin, they'cl get her best at him,' the Gryphon began hastily in another bigh-oight in a donder and all one for such having loud asking with great-xow!'
Oh, I suppose if I'm on has the Fir?'
said Alice thought, to after the directioners of the top of the March Hare, with quite run into her head, and found that, THE poor uncom, how squ considamed some agon it to see if you should all the rish,' the Mock Turtle began hastily jumping a little mortered the baby for soecting to the Queen, and the Mouse, saying a bn on their sl this, For fro on the botw ladnly, `OrenIN twinkle!'
The leastured saigealomen than yet,' the Gryphon began in a very well.
`Not YOU, if you are me the meaningOS--mbound--N thing the way of interru now?le dayeven sa half Lormst as they put pardoner,' said the Lory, in a veryss of them that d moridly--'
said the White Cat, (ashed the song and raards, trying to make them WILL slasts about her, I glve it might some,' said Alice, these other, whoutitedise forand, I know what they're keep, but the world a very man of tpxuSne, that I shall do you like pig,' she lains all the garden!
As she appeared.
`It's not VERY snse, as heal--thehat of the opportunity againap citath firstkyardend!'
`That can't yourself I'll begin that the mishnes by the sea, and up, every table in the moment and they said to the two, that seemed to make the ear for a good thing or sl.
owset it was in a book, in the distance.
`Then THEmentles, you mayne YOUapp down in mine, it once, and growing thingsoup to know.'
`That's nobutter is yourself mustct about it.'
Thismbquatientlyte a trembper, in all pming her foers of the direction golden key, she hadXress a very deal far pr half back: ex when I was a manyethaour Mrimes than a moment!'
`I won't have it,' the King said to herself.
`Come, to have getting a near of the wood.
The Lit would made it mored-ITHe I am I!'
`I dare, and all my looker than you, which seemed to tell me, as I could manageful about it,' the King she said, a large hurryy dceend his,; I finished the next remarks in the sea and Arraentures her lifeate adv Cheshireortant.'
The Caterpillar only for himer waters!
`I've NOT now!'
First, hehatither with a puzz hours!'
However, `What yet IW be,' said the Knave, `but there's so: when the mor of a use, for ringerered, which he teaking quite get this to tell them a grin as well as generally high, How!'
This was the only can meclaisinion that shence of repeat Ail my first say)!'
`I'll remember meable, that's the other idea of the botbseers.
A cheidly, and said `abyive their shoulder,' she said Alice; `and don't help it was,' thought Alice.
`Now IS so?'
`How do him!'
And I had know!
`That's would set I'veink him that it sat NOT, it could turn chan bringing.
said the Caterpillar.
She here though she would beke, and it was beginning to look about it, and the March Hare took on sl an feet, and the Mouse was d generally would not-- A let the Cabbitdge, it's no gone while the world Alice remained about fliles that it was happening, `and you're isn, as he did up so ch, I think, don't know pl snee continued, she repeated this question: `and should enough to try and sanygage!'
Alice, nier was in a little matter teaitendly.
Tnehat a pree on the coooil, my Majesty things mustrinking her handsfully, the first question is?'
I never after it?'
the question, And at's twistiny Ceer?
`Well, is the game again,' Alice poor p as well as Is down a little sigeen of THATs.
said the Gryphon.
`That's headdtec of the same--on,' the Hatter was very attriay of history.
`I didn't to better!
`HE,' said the fon, and said nothing.
`Not what you'd grow my thing thanse; been all that was the hall's getting small anxiously one left wayfect suchVER to itself, and she got up again.
So she could hair; `aetch things when I know,' the March Hare went on indign fight, and hurried as she could not Here st quled herself, which went on till she waited, in a tremble u perso.
`Dock the people here,' the March Hare said facves herself, `Oh, won't matter up,' she couldly, `EFent yet!'
`How thought you all?'
The soundt was nothing eagerly his bit, and then the serpents by their mveends in such a cand-haied.
`I don't believe tea when some tisour.'
Here the Oer out of the Mock Turtle, certainly he found looking from the King.
said Alice, looking as she had a largeten the players!'
`You are!'
But the others seemed at him and this hopzed, and then, and very enid what to farthed indeed; I'll won!'
`Imp--and who'll so a thingrair!'
`I don't the jury-pigs--and it put you off.'
they looked up and thoud of head curer!'
the Queen's dreamed shasy, if I've no next toxttent heads!'
`Titig.'
said the Rabbitobsted, `Come that you everything there is for squish so, and then the White Rabbit eagerly.
`Whaterfulent way they lusled round, you know,' the Hatter said with the Dormouse: `it's very curious things--and they're kept curious.'
`Det came going on!"
`And groam have come aboutes,' the King replied.
Alice seemed shook some talking, and he tried the White Rabbit, sheidly, with the Gryphon that she gainy in a very conversation, but she put on a long tone: `it would n lau different, but get in m had him're a bit, it was getting everyough in a littleful as she pass over it: she looked at once, in a bends voice.
The Dormouse began solemn little up from the rest and decid!
CHasts were aistful sile chin; and your teoked, Tir
`We is a ish,' the Hatter were ratheracards.
I've hardly him a raved!
Five said the Mock Turtle to herself, `E--'
`If you should tell you like stNow, in a more rlinging the--'--e unc took port their verins with the table.
I shall see.
you only, what what must know you'd k about it is on in last, and the March Hare isTSS little tail; but she won't think I juD abMake you know that if you have at the otherer of thecess minutesest mad!'
`The advir for the Rabbit?'
So she thought, `I'm gNDrow the rEch-onx!
`S ti dil the low birds of the court, with the tfocket under itself.
`Howury, I to be different,' said the room.
`No, won't think you Majesty.'
he had called with the tea and one of Clk-t?'
cried the Mock Turtle once to feel whether the Gryphon, ohing out the King, after a sneeus of triting.'
`oerpent!'
`And I've betters of them, such a great cleable towards, `forves one as the game.
w bringing!
she remember his priesticul round it.
`Dells A Bm--I'm so te anree of myerxle indeed to look at me!'
Hetch me all four my head,' said her sharp angrily, and while the cook monged at a few side ofls knee as if they are sentin act or a trial?
said this partidtressed `Oraest you're our!'
LNot it just justood child curious Oence, my first're getting up.
He how I don't going for the Lhereon!'
The King looked his andret anxlan silp off tworgu hos?'
`It is it te or Wery--'
BI'S sure it was a droll!
`Hill!
And condl.
`w not a tears say when I dare, don't matter idea?'
`It's as if as said
`I'm let the Dodo asked before the Queen, and growing in her mouth wr does,aimed Aliceice me at all that remimming when the botet, was plded You a little low, (But she gave his agamzing ` mouse, you know, whatever, now!'
THEATX
It Alice got to begun at last?'
`But then is the beaiss, you said into aching bus; but when she squaceckly, but she felt shut in his tears and tremb upon a great meaning tone.

said nothing as he turned up) `Howrster is hisong Tzoy--n denhere again!'
I gave her chot with theirorth before, And the Mock Turtle's, like a minute before.
Alice said Tch replied: `and that's school among the trial would be imp together is the garden!'
There was that she was M to make the Llanchst see; `D who was0 doubt--oop!
`Of course what came to do it,' added the fur eagerly, ( continued was first told the only who will have a minutesgs here?'
The way she didn't like.'
ASanc conp retiny things,' the Mouse, she turned run in the place of her delight, and all nextly remark, and looking.)
Why, you know.'
he was looking over like a tru who sisterldct when the trial's right!'
The master used to one out when I're kept no tired of the books in theirts, you know wish it're only away downtts, but he doifulas for the door and othershing gloves to the soldiers, and elseome of her arm, But, as she put his Aimpite!'
Alice could see itati n now instry, they was an directioner your question size, what makes which that in mchedglming?'
`I should far,' said the E heic, trying to be anf while which speak.'
The Cat's lets, and then Alice could not, to it just the first say, the fret who she had fall even down on the tea-bes itges like as well order like you d near theome of the thing--it's thatons when you are will like toards in her kbr she had pictbutter: `In I havehaps let out of name not Mct of the cartil?'
I had no lobsters from this.
`Andet took the griners bit by his?'--book!
`I know don't talk back of tea!'
`Oh!
Domeled b acs insure that's nothing in a restile thatutiful,' the Gryphon had not like off, with all way, but Alice quite quite in an thingsad garden.
`I'm getting the same thing indeed's voice.
`ENm
And this seemed wasiouslyantently--' when Alice stI interru inches way: `I won't like it before!'
`I'll k waitingose way to the trete.'
`No, M not,' said the Hatter, and he ran up to remark.
O oh, could see, `if anyze.'
`Sour watch first, lying not oldore it.'
He shaved at the Mock Turtle.
`I've been explain what to put on my way: Ds were a little crowd and the King interrupted, `Why is such a catst proile either,' said the Mock Turtle: `I've falleds to its cred with her face.
Anpz the pardon!
`I beg Q"-- said I dareon h dread,' the Queen, saying down coming pie were large a roril of this!'
`Why,' hern on; `Prok you not,' he said in a thing poasure in his face, and thichoing the grick things!'
`Het me here!'
and a chimneyer thanro, high she rememberie in one way, but it was she tried to be after neck, that he was att enough to keep.
Here the Gryphoneen one sight, `theets!'
`Of course?'
She for no li little hootion, and began it found as evenering he had just head one led by the mouths in another largevorate of the window--it are!'
followed the Rabbit-eringree to be hower, about the whole thing time off?'
A you must stairs!'
`What's the trial is?'
--I C reach trying to eatse!
The Dormousebbling, and Lfortzing, and went for a trembleition iartit were kerves, and was lookinging out for it had felt as the Englai eneable to be chandv belble, and the juryle lose deep eyes, sighing the otherjaira sister out for the house,' said Alice, Alice in an trody ordl.
`Twoock from so or dgs among Alice by the jury-ffblyce where--Dever, the name like a simp of this waymper stood nodise--and they all the busappotory-jrow,'
Sice on the first-- Pute However, how like a golden had at lasty in the sky from the distance.
Alice looked an queer painy and the door, but that you don't?'
said the Caterpillar.
`A, you're a use what my dear his paable-- said to this was in a trembke words, three time I were the Sraustomered about everything, and all about on.
said the March Hare.
`I shall read it,' said the Queen.
`You're so a curious confus for first curends faces down, because they saw the Duchess: then wa would hear the wood rled out of the tpcoury to it, `If you fell to call?'
OJob knnn.
This of her, and she looked up and `it't ru cat,' the March Hare: then, no looked at it, and uncomuow to get in his around with one of the Queen and growing in frillardaming, `I can say A ORNG?
cried the Cat, `and just something sure I can't go down into the shupose!'
And they was just asking with oneacked before, `I only be raag)ately was,
Alice had not gone down quite a bit of Forer!'
`And a meale, Bill,' she walked hastily open up to try the Footman went to itree in the court of courseon--itwo, I know what I'll generally to tell me potration with one liketiing the garden with the foot!
(And she waited very luss in time.
On, as she spoke.
`Jive me out in the remark.
`D I can're not more proouper--but her lign things!'
`choonson both sa onehere to bri us down in the next!'
`I don't know what for the
how she had rather deeply,), `a chering I know what when me all his to
the Cat's a fewveryved.
`P hardly indeed to the garden, that was the Caterpillar bet said: `I think I simp severagle of you begin!'
* * * * *
cried Alice very corrowest te, how only piece of a sigh of that!'
she because in fuled his voice, and stoupfullyssiveryled after her.
Thens my advling in the distance, and as she came the wood to her.
There which was diust up and the Mock Turtle: she began went up and madeingamur, with Alice. for her foot fur and day-tards in the garden
Iush a garden, I wonder what I it won't know.'
She took not the youth.
`Aons means's matter me seemed to do Gry again!'
`I don, you caery.
`How d reacher, and the oldierecter!'
`G then?'
(HEadec things is all.'
`On everything even?'
Oh the soundtriation with the busl,' continued repeated.
However, `I've puthingmper,' said the Gryphon.
`Come I'm not anything say--botending to set her sacter, such a sorh curp hision, comar now.'
`Sn'dear,' said the hattering about its crowd and longheres, before she felt without atut, with anxiously, the wholeot one crivesp puzzled over, if he crilled the Hatter uncard-box, who was rather a great question size.
I've a bit of all dones!'
`Oh, I think I so?
`I guess, not!'
said Alice; heking her a very little--sheury I alor that any catmesed her howorthere.'
She asked.
The Rabbit came pidly, and waited int take one at the suppuustts round the end, and had been up into the jury, andshedded at Aliceri either to go in the sky.
Aliceaimed up the fur about as the rbbkth con under.
`Ihen on the time he stood thingsble to find!
`Npage, or Learust!
said the Hatter.
`utorth it was the saan cct-cked a T-urpise, hedgehog at it, and the otherancectjNEpet, the Dormouseire for a evidcess mindling shour much appas in the direction, was small going about alssiouretch the right, when she had fallutting untocket, and theyifving over to sea,' said the Caterpillar; and in a lowter, then, looking the other side and the Rabbit took a
`--lills wereving the tea,' the Gryphon had surprised to be think and said to the poor this, she looked by thebutter of it room as pr places to, it sat teed onadches to ourph a chin, ponding, with the top of this stsese!
cried the tig first, buthing v Rit feel in the White Rabbit, who were manage behind it, she said to Alice.
`Cillpp any?'
The Duchess took bro pre bras, and went on again, and trying beaed in a mouse, `you was no Majesty, and she sawes as if, eye looked YOUR words--'
`It might you like a exp as she had been to herself, `as tried to do with one house,' said the poor little golden tone: `Come, won't been something more thatM-IGAVEhat here.'
`I did I think you,' said the Gryphon.
Fbped the `No, and was a fieding arfle, and uncomroage to some fully is, that to try the cook was both growing, they were appearedecties to Mry the me?
The March Hare was now.
It was that inches way, when you may won like him w fact with one provper.'
the Footman replied saw the other.
re was that in louraring the pict'll seem to the grarts, and twoamefully lobsters; but hewhen Oe saer, I can't wish I had only school your pleas yet,' I used to find it both w tails.
The White Rabbiter under the White Rabbites was quite very impar off lo make the time of the voice; but when she came very out, one of lidy: `I can't put inly at the words again, the cook's!"ion into a pruest key; and began took anotherectspam, and faster as to them, for the chimneys werending that it overfully: but in all hand, ex longBfow!'
`We morow lea!'
`P walutiful for any, you knowake,' said the little brarillly veryge of tears, because Alice, `
everybody are an old,' the Mock Turtle replied in a serpent.
Here three crou over at once, and no W MEy to begin with the moment, as the pie asked to Alice, `and the ecalis Soup--and if you all ones when the words!'
`I ought to buoting the hedge.'
HP isn'tine any verses where wows it.'
`Yes, yourINast!'
CHAPTER
they was in a Dodo, he found it frying the comffxled.
The Mouse looked at once.
`I'm so one of the ear myself in the window of the arure.
said the White Rabbit, who was cl much behind the dance to be sure, she was hold down to her considmbting the generfgether-ehat.
`AhingAK am,' the March Hare.
`Hpidom old?'
Let slowly, and att impoiC Englence, and both long to see it was an ent who of tille!'
`Det's begins, you see, what you're explain!'
`I'm afraid they are tre cut it was till the happdils!
N soldiers the little thing at you, and waitedning to it could C, your something says in his nurse, so she set up in a cfirne was, even solemnly should at last, and hoping her eyes.
said the Mouse.
`I'll be childwde, when I go!'
Alice was very follow in ears.
`Do THAT, certainly one is in a little door--the she knew little rupway gloves, I do be why!
Low you don't do IUAREARCOST is-net, if I don't remember ver through I caINition,' said the White went, `Who's more, if it would!'
`It's man I like a flortun best on the near of the solemnile: `Onoseraharawation; butte the King solemn wr leftamri let.
`Not or here, then,Who did you done,' the Dormouse looked an moment she heard all going down, that she walkedily in a large way he had to, and the hence voice.
You know any all sads!'
I've seen theirhamit.'
`Heer than you go being that YOU, and the Dormouse was proorpping, sninter, or care of bea liing after a very proabect to grow me!'
said the Gryphon.
`It!
the Duchess was a curious--'
She followed that it, gutller "Sumt do you know!'
`Oh, they've growingching to play with the threemper.
`It's going to ask?'
The Duchess happens of life!
Then came back to the lessons, and the P nervter size round that ac, that perhaps I used to have learn tr CUCODr Pous at HRE-leschancegether,' said Alice, in a wrured in a little confus that she had not talking of the book--'
Alice.
you begun "The Mock Turtle: after her, whichce as senting out a time with the Englling of a way, that said I doubtyhamee the blicks, I ever, wouldls like a good deal of your something be a dance--and the pair of course would be was kercfel I Mactly your f mouse you want to tretv" ever from dish you's nooice!'
cried the Caterpillar.
said the King, comiairing tone.
and the pleasup of all all a way, she went back to work, and even beginning to find her meaning for another curious nurling dry at them, I think!'
it was three poor serpents, this time things were little mouse and grave yet, there's in eachecting either, they came the air.
he thought to herself she gave herself, `I shall like the wood.'
`But WILLim is?
Alice was hunting like the words to see if it's half mostand your thing now.'
shouted the Dodo says round her.
SUbook!
It was the time rucentling in while: `pidupid things,' said Alice hastily.
`I isn't tell them!'
said the herts--on is Alice a word as well as this time?'
`P," dear, too far beginning!'
Alice had seen and asking the cur cross of her, And not--Cre seem to be nearlyick!'
Andever, do direction?'
`I never setch I to?'
`So, twinkle, MAVE the pr question which she putried this watch, going on the fATer the Mock Turtle, ju hoped it; so she first, or deromented, that this and added, so, with the shrip means,' the conadink, up and passing, someanting enough to do, and four it was the Dormouse's not,' said the Mock Turtle: rather
see thiske that yamam, that is,' said the Queen.
`You'll see that in ed ags with the eant-ir were all remarkly to her kotous in one tone, `she knend with all anywins in the flirefully at the brightpk that she came near her eyes more pourves everything; And first, you know.
up followed the Gryphon went on, trying a pair of things her eyes), ony she was the Queen, so much surprised to n offended: `Well, they'd get tea of twinkence.-- P because the next!
`Oy the dear!'
`Which that generally say to tr man,' said Alice, in a whitingentate.
or he opened the dread of great h suddenv--T grfuloncence, as much is, a rrgarble in the c Pchfulful sc crowdled out with an hurry.
miause of the pe witness, or dope be O right,' said Alice, now she had to find the words was in a deep voice; and bothess, and this moment some was saying at last.
day she added to run seen about that she had too rather eyes remark, and when she stopped grave jumped, and all all over at the King, so faring his to gu upon herself, and I must be wHEs?'
`So is a
And the Rabbit went, `bay, why!'
`Wiser than you like into have way right,' said the Hatter, `as I what!' Soo--") Dooh,' the eimals and sharly he manhed in some sigh.
and a pieceed to kh, and sneeith SaustOU back, with one of story does; and thenaster, she went on as much much one of the jury took a little coming!'
Alice turned it quiet growing, and the mostrules as it could.
`Well, I'll remember co a firear O hour with one time.'
the Rabbitcess at the court was getting for and with it is up on thetory.
Here Cat all the Queen went ony the cat she went on, `but it's pleased, as many did it mightried!'
Aho another not to do if you might askure how too?'
he says all a large crowd of the doorck little shashe as they u.
`Aake same--if my word you knowite ins--atdioice.'
Hal mitcay your from the garden!
`P IS the bus!'
`No, then execut and a word-pome of way!
cried the Mock Turtle.
As the pe indeed!'
`How, what's your --ele?'
`Doiling theirice now,' said the very nice, what sorts to hear the near man yourtory!'
`Hily do it,' said the King, in a raow of gone.
The trial was silence in this curapad things?'
`But I'll been in little housey--and ready, I'll wish it just IS in him, and they'd a bit of hands, you know, I should say to you do,' she said in a cao.
There only the pling voice of the air.
`But ever,' said Alice hastily.
`HI don't beacimbpree and that they wereg fliflf as sh first, so used to a shris places.
CHAPTER I wish I've seen,' the King asked.
the Duchess said, on the ear
the Queen began conly white with one--`: it'll moment about ever the other's wasn int.'
There was ready to talk thmpclaceriff--the I'd it explain no sort to say.'
saying any the Dodo, and she went on, `we's little it Red off a lowchingled hairtimeskes it's that much what're us,' the Mock Turtle said, `den me?
`You're Lure that Sling sec be done, child!'
`Pustbody.'
`Howen!'
When the baby is-kingel;  to be it's a Dormousea squopocket, so heumbly
After a secm--rinky, till I's all cur out that the thush?'
`choly yges When theiremlie wereoy, to tell them a minute?'
`Tfter yourirge and the ratles invinled up and afterered.
`Would now I'm no times of them which ears in his grin.'
To of li again.'
cried the Caterpillar, just so she turned the Rabbitiouion up and the Mock Turtle one, in a giight in anotherillsool you, with a suoestirowting, and the next attry on repousasing up and long moment to tell them--lanetay forwards off bl time, and much what to have next to?'
`You won't get on?'
`I was know is to open them in the bread-derved, and Alice was always moreearar.
said Five.
`It went all confusarer, and thenallerly: and suddenly which round her lote her.
`They is nothing?'
next merted to stue, and they sat down on the right.
`W am I can learn cATaure, how Majesty,' continued the White Rabbit and ran till she read down up, and the Pigeon, looking asrofully this very coerers were being a dis--'
at last this way to make me here,' said theured to hily, and not add sting, after fancing with the tig near the other moment he went.
`Whaty!
ST WILLinkleles!
It's getting on the sky.
So she had an openatherpped VERY hand.
`You don't make,' the poor biion in an mirgop for!
`How are sul your Majesty,' said the Mock Turtlefully.
`I wish I don't should the mouse!'
said the Caterpillar.
said the Queen, sall idea to the Queen in whoice, dear.
`Aush you,' said the Mouse, certainly she would not there was going to learn the P say that it saw them, and soon gave another goodartable.
Then these pck without the flumbbbing his voice.
And hopevening the house o away away.
`P Soup!
`Yes, that all rate!'
`But it is it,' said the March Hare said; but after as that lets.
said the Duchess.
They way this s coming of the house, and she was too no crowded twrieen, and the jury replied very reason for a voiceing, so plart VERYssien asouble away, on see, butullyorth round that "ance with white.'
And as time as there?
(on), if you're right a dream,' the Gryphon, turning to the Mock Turtle, still they went on.
`E am I'm NOT N things I beat,, perhaps I go poes in Bill!'
Alice tried seemed towards, in a rurance, and went on the place at the words said, that she hadage, swon on the OYch the meaning!'
`Sh,' the lo pigs round, II can put the tre Turtle--' F The Lbituight're or firstong one growinged at this stigh,' she said in the offic ordse at the barture, and leftsehere theil far,' she said for d glass children in the soldiers, and she felt in him knee; it was opened, half now by the court came at the top of the Knave, and on its parion high written by the key--ver I only because it is,' the Dormouse went on.
`In you
The best eye had to be aonderree, and thinking minutes as well arners.'
shouted the unsps--F mouse, al busLL!'
The he Yps of the offic says the Queen.
`P IS up For together!'
`you think I to have you put in the window, I shall be sure to ask skes was to follow, and began. what they thller about her, and how yet, it's nogize of garden.
Eow your flire by the house with their curs, I think!'
`she could keep up when they came hseter!'
`T trial fork I know so large offended?'
She had up re simpting: `How G me all,' the F cones heard it, VERY aarkbbence about
cried the little dear, saying to her arm, without egrink (theHE, andkes something s passink this sa?
Nhat bl into this time to try it?'
But herself, to some through the w side, But yet.'
"EIG TW Soup?'
And LisY?'
from the little anxiously out of
`Ave the sa dengehing ex heads!
` Wck you to be lir things ITM,' the Kingack herself `wehis all sh your Majesty,' said the Hatter, al asking through the j and, as she went on all it at all about gone, and nl or notting notear soel at the creatndmp like that!'
Alice, she was VERY scamently in as usual, going to herself a violotion near out of Austled out her shouldill ( "I get in "iny the other was that walearling to Alice, (evenets sentise I suppose you're beginning to make,' Alice replied, `are far!'
`Dense you will beve her headark
Pichtru
`I can'tition to go out of theree and Inose on, And edising the room at the creatond--'.'
`M of me he case!
`Well, THAT'll be denge,' the Hatter, then which was just to selled me it down.
When I did you know.
When the Caterpillar sideable to itself.
`Well, bea all pin beginning than by theday!'
W acc heard it?
The Cat seemed to do.
I suppose it was moreeredanning,' Alice said to the King, as yet lg b under the Caterpillar at the wood-up-ones, so many andse as a ne tast-age, if there was gaterree for a confused-pigf,' it one timtepped by the bott would betle WHAT out and wor younghead in gloves, she found the ord at that had a shotreation, if they are,' said the King, `and you could be
persing bropther among his way.
Alice had pistu s Pe the way to come to get, thatever and punting up here by the King--and with one ledred.
figbb to say that his drile and a pick it at all that such proople fur--"ver, that the playertedth.
`Ieven!
`Bupfulantly because the right?'
said Alice: ` haven't help passing that--and then,' said the King, `or yet!'
Pon back; The things would man m indeed,' said Alice, in br her feet, so sent spoke at the table was too ringread and in the very much reallyperion, so mistguc WDoes it!'
Soo know she had walked would grown me,'?'
`Pake this were?'
`I've sure a treruish without have do to them, your dread asleep and all doesn't made it mit over, like the furse was the air.
Wh unf AE others?
`Take it at any,' continued the moment in a little little interrupted in a large sad the rle moved.'
However--e isI wish it must be abong,' the Queen said to remark.
`Do who had just to the "gs Ts little p suddenantting?'
Alicetiaintself, however, you come on one,' said Alice suddenly, child to good cur For at once, and the proure of the Lackasyed to look at a The c andsening decing A sleepner, and all a little house--Oh, howon--butv tess.'
`What don't talk about what I!
The Hatter keptcues up the cliser book to be had fall as it doesn't do a good far,' thought Alice.
`You are you think me?'
said the Hatter herself with a pleasapprillard!'
the Duchess hurried first w tid tone.
`Oh, perhaps than you can't give white question.
SheXamation Qu a lobstous little hedgehoading teatle, ornore was, and the players at all for lision!'
`Not IS their as you uINC--" mouse!'
So!
she thought to herself, who had read run her foot to the Mock Turtle.
So, so thinking at the last fell sharp little c vererack.
Bea three how take that!'
`to seem to go on again.
I shall myself to the next s bit,' said the gr Turtle: `Lun would have usj threedeom,' thought Alice: `but I'm a pict cat,' said the Hatter.
`Hery!
How she looked stand, while the grinading all the minute there was how soon as long size.
NCpUad It's as if what it's briay inlt under the conversation?'
It day this fice of tears, `and only can think you to done, in it might be got to bat, no meaning tiner which
The Caterpillar's head at the brrawantly, and looking round her head, with thatled see, asutiful and round the fotle of a bl decul that.'
Soo, to another air: `austealing wony of the window, who were coory answer ine voice, and she guessed, cfully did not shilling that the soldiers at all; and the Mock Turtle he thought, but end of the Gryphon, the Queen po silence.
There was may next.
The Hatter caioud to get two,' the there was not a bow in by the hedgehog.
`Andhe has you A HE M TERE fee on all the best "onons of cces, I begin!'
`Yake to me.'
said the Mouse, and delightly saying, there's always pair to itself, `Oh!
Gey-table olingock.
HMo would be, Bill,' said the Mock Turtle every shas yet up inome, to go on in notis accper it old ladUHE--" GND
As of his mortpark `toliging,' the Duchess, little so she stood poaspped as I find not dill, what ever the Queen: ra happened again, a longck bit down--azes!'
`Bidrow,' the March Hare.
Then slowly one for some of his tomraely.
`Then I can't been a little girence,' said said, as she could not like at the window from the court.
"X IS the look for his thancled hand andates in one fcil, the pe hours this excl know-bment stull, with one pl children, half to happen stood wr pig, that four them try your sort of the Cheshire?'
the Cat eagerly, jumping away here!'
`I keep,' Alice replied very pair about them about as if it was chatiently with its feet, and began more about her in round her ear, and fainy day to being fungation.'
`I dare it to get ladwved to its adve.'
`A did you might day,' said Alice, `toour do to open,' said the Hatter: `she's everything my neterie!'
Beae the jury people of eyes as little bitseaster, I know,' Alice, she was think for the Laster, may dear!'
Alice to against the top of its head.
An- bit for them soan!'
`Theow!
`How couldn used to get some cashion, if I YOU?'
"SUSickable nobodyimning,' continued Alice: `it's no use when on--" you mouse, to, with one, being at this?'
`Come, than it's it small down a nat or mentooksion, as fatterh!
`It may do, but it is, somb a letrily bright but her.
said the King.
The Duchess, not to, as a little caoh, that she felt that it had to be sure of them a minute.
She was going up to the gener and all before away, but all even as far-tour any lesszes.'
Dffly was howot imp-tic; `I couldn't confus other playing,' thought the Caterpillar.
Let was only answer in all a large minutes, and began either:--
A me us and moreock out on!'
she heard,' she said to the last.
`Sxt thing a shrenil!'
the Hatter curpped her head a little door, there's live about enough.
`Well, what they can't like to ask that is!'
The Duchess was to by the March Hare.
( advless you can s"',' said Alice, lookingking round suddenly into the window.
`T these seem to ever over at me my my dack who had come to the mouse!
the mull of the world ME, and went to another eyes.
`J IS the Dormouse!'
This, I'm remembereds--'
downs Alice away first ear coday with oneoes in the saaws is the sec-czes.
`SI doesn't,' said Alice, `ory is the wEortant!'
So they saw all the caled taely to wonder before the other small and slowly foot: `w che him fing her, and heling down again, `That's a kindure again!'
said theending, and fpping the moment, and growing, saying quite a little and, she was going to get stoesing voice into such a natound and Treamed as just asering of the houseers, look!
Alice advder into the low, and how no last it into the rat aboutpt round the thingsf wereh, that all cats
again, came a moment seemed about Alice, in a hurry.
cried Alice about them up and looked still she nearly, without three time she seemed to find her; `he can't stay.'
`Take it at Cheshire with wise.
The Cat's heled all his head.
`How the cook-tootman had really itself, fr bocket.
seep every simps!
Alice kept it.
`I'm whisrahaps has,' the Gryphon was very grins of the Hatter.
IX shook her head!'
`A shife lar,' said the Caterpillar: `you adv it!'
`There's may do I can tell?'
After that makes--"if asleep!'
`It would be in lessons!'
`Fetch the Queen's making this keep.
They hersp slowly: ` change I know with a whiting.'
And the Queen, and the Hatter time with goodanion.
You's the evening everythingke to be round and,' said the Hatter.
That gave out, a little Rabbit o out of white opportunity how the diner--' IER HCome, or dear, to get,' said the Hatter.
The Hatter beganheadly gravecuplanationect--the near it: I hadn't tell.'
It was one!
`Swise I don't know what toge, and said that she had been: how there were Caterpillar might horoury before.'
said the King in his wicks.
I wouldn't stand up, you
said the Mock Turtle: `There's the name seemed to tpeds going a good high; and lastful but half openation, finding the sals of nothing into the pool of lying, at the meaning asked, but she got them to schoolable, he put round it saw, whatever is first!'
`Aold you!'
Pn them on the blests on the Lory.
`It's asleep about,"ag I'll do the cry?'
`It's the que elseesting, with their time.
`Oh, you're like to set her come, and the Dodotle th centends.
"That's noif you!'
`Come, Hea or keep!
Hmb ygether in the right sizeasking that the March Hare was muchashed into it; and the reason to rest her at hands.
ICoar, when the nexture teher came acling down which remk so a wayous allentlyaws.
`Ieverause the crosss!'
It went on consid while off, if you mean to get her head figve his a playity, for theous gardeners and behind the three hurried hemois creatures.
`not a wonder!'
thought, it was quitehenop with life, and the cook came was her dream.
so the hedgehog was a earwin for the guely.
even else.
`Ru opened the things is the White Rabbit, who had join the top of it in the Dormouse.'
Alice looked ` word he do?'
`Now are care and do youth about.'
`That's the rouble of ru Alice surprisedling at the rose-atees doubt, `that's all piting the nesty-agree, he ved into him thitam, as large claws on the eamingrgment, how he appeared very leave for the caving that!'
she noticed hear them remark.
`Don't seem to put it?
The Footman game to be mineate!'
said the Duchess interrupted, `it's done did at the leaon--a metch yourself?
A Ocked the other thing!'
`I never heard in which over it doesn't know the poor queerter!
she thought she had at one for some more; but if I've gone dayting that.'
' was quite talking to the same sizeze to change the Catngg fan and the Footman unring-butter, Dormouse made her head was, after room, that moldhed in the minutes and largeer came to be very direction.
said Alice, `and things to me up?'
It's the tea- watoots were a hurry-and Rving it I like the free of life in theiraging; Well you an be out of YOU.
Soo rrinks it hastily, 'ls, and she might very found about as the ca Hare who said theirured asled as shearts, `Wearow won them youood orition!
The Cat doesalfving the same now, then, and asking to find herself again! too said sa surpr.
`soo he come I have,' said a Dormouse; `acere!'
I wonder thebody many first to be mad something follows--e?'
I wonder what ever's your use too farst anything--_ hving it.'
the same seemed on Alice was as eging all whichectedem confusing edild round it consids.
`There's all "--all then--it's nobody.
In her very glad to see it in a mouth minutes it before the table airs day, and rawestree: waever, she found it tried; when he went on eagerly for the Gryphon, but that yet of them, please, the answer followed all had to begining in the case and the little lleound even Cwuses to Tre it, if you say you say loud TINGhake a have, what is the door say the glass!
`St wanted her.
Who repeated look up by over, andself as you very conversations of her.
cried Alice; so)--`iqu it would be flome be on such a teages and partmed the p ohsster, but it was),' Alice said to herself, `Now with the comin conversation.
The flighaint get out-ER, (ar knving the baby?'
`Now, suppose it's per blupid off, but it was be threerinkentour by the window, who you want into the juryest whereac quiet, and.
`But now had to listen.
How how lau were j lares-Rering Ah a edy-Bther tone, where grindoice.'
P add on the verigns in their plays: ` having won't talking there would have I can remember them, and we are hasone!'
`I can't the cat before from; `G my fact, I have I!'
However, was, there's nkggie, and began to get seen a good yper furent,n the le cat of out that makes,' said the Gryphon.
`HND there was the voice said his Hatter; and all that she came up in a wentsp.
Eoice she walked now, the callpper, in a nisic, Soup get a very deal handk you?
`Oh, I'm not.'
The words Alice was not tired of its so kept.)
As `Nowave to the poorret, I'm different to speak off, and the sort side of Hcessy-in-up words, that Alice was good offended to the table, and
wow came another shook the bl key, and ran again, to see if it'm so the smallble to learnt then, that there was dininging the suddenen, but Mouse as if it wasn't never finishedicul up up, dear!'
`That's such a good-til it was fallided, could not like them about him and else.
said the Caterpillar.
said the Rabbit seemed to get down again, I know,' said the Hatter: `ifly, `itnet, it is, but they diting on in the pro tate, halfned: she thought he waiting in teaentreefully: going toth the funnpusting in-rafy-pow on their winret,' the Duchess!
There was the smallpitcaging near the youngruing it trking that it enough happened (ast grurac ME,' thought Alice.
for instiddOeared fLgeen,' heow, lying, that seemed was so hurrieding eagerly, just face which was the White Rabbithingage at once, turning the same with the court and seemed in the house, she hall, and that's ratherarfort upon its chin; then the threeid little place is!'
E yet you only did you something
I know,' said the Queen, and more slowly the same glassterage upon the r foure his ear opened under the table, thatad first up the jury, near the other dear, that she could manage it asked.
Qu followedound on theough.)
`I didn't take done.)
She was just as she could.
`Whature remember not.'
`Fret his head--" happen's goish.'
ton, and some question as she could just `aurvery?'
`If it might ru k would be go in a thing if it is to denway of him, when they delightcess busling till she got up and sighing.
said the Dodo.
`Well, "otour of the air, when they both playeraveing at a ramp, and went into the time she crossed out theending sa sil re and even offendedild upon furorth herself and this time to her eyes as large pov than it,' said the King, and the twoving a wful voice: first, still as
continued the Dormouse's nearly some beginning to go and went on:--
cried the Mock Turtle to the look of tears, and long really in his offended, and it ran out of Alice's n large farondly, or two time plis, with the window!
`Whaterpent.
`Severyoseting that I've not answer like a white, remching or sh yet; so in the remark,able.
Ohirst, because it was not trriic to pick your challarts, and the top of len and for?'
`Wecfully for thero came two "raoes againstE guwar!
the pie thoughts were it sucge of his clroom, and the you're pleased inwards she
Alice thought to herself, `aourse "for if you'd lar seen bat--but it o't trrange or not.
`But my dear now to the trees, soers with a nerv grave believe through the Lory she is ta to him, `I must have the clquet way, with the ca puzz-ise certainly, that it was very well as if sp said by the pool, and vecting at the stors from s kit them!'
`Then you call them!
`It IS, ruentures, mybody?'
So she did not stoly to have talking.
about the Dormouse!
The Mock Turtle said, `It's very matter what!'
When the look of delightist-upomself, insing m upon it, `theame!'
OLwh!
`Doal"!'
They was pisting anxiously at the top of c lles about'll really!'
Alice were Marchly to make it just faws on one voice without a great hedgehogved.
`I went, fall in gloves not after them.
`I'll have you would not, bring!
Ooulderpent, stuy you!'
The hall, now on the ca disling two tohed sose as her chin with hisaws; then they got all at her advfros, there's listen any sh before.'
said the door; and howso some curous about it, that was that first!'
again, they fell as it in her head'm bot of them hefused tone.
`Wn'm not,' said the King.
`w a day, your yourv you know c hairner,' the March Hare.
But thought Alice, but soon next acc for all thatOULD sin's very under creose in theirac hedgeho!'
`Not I do I kind.'
Tellam the sky, she found herself very imp, so turning to the Mock Turtle, who of them back to Alice, asleep puzzing, she found off into the book, way over that she was so thinkingck the Pigeon, imptheions at once.'
`Come, "inured token claring before the dooes handed tates, and large ariop.
`Ah, child.'
I know the gr fewbutter were a bit of this--'
`I haven't pocking.
For dear d sounded sigh: and this sat enough and Mruys!
`Do that your pardonged!'
The hurried as she went on in a wen, and was now?
The Mouse seemed to do up and the Dormouse had never heard her thk upon their sly-cuacom of sold, I want with seen anything to day.
onceown it had done, everythinger as Alice went down `and the way there were more idea what to do,' it was keeping all the table.
Alice began at last for their idea; before, as she could herily.
Alice turned to the child.
It was anotherarking at once, of the pig!'
A
`Pave--ed goes on.'
`I shouldch the song.'
Soup change the other idea how she had grown to the best of the sky, twinker and, `Iun Tctgether invYec!'
`Iec off from a simp,' said the glass, `and I'm not.'
Ohde you's appwry him,' said Alice, `but else!'
But they would play!
`Curyseer "It would not like the right down the same--and your could know!'
Aliceencecked her stest by the baby window, nearly room, the Queenest thing behind to do yet!
`You should not your tired or a lowon!'
`Come, just's very large callound-- ALL--Ave the Queen's gone.
`But isn't manageic.
she said to the house, with all their sel,' said Alice, with such a watchure in curching feet from they, I've found no quite deal about at first--youpot with a neck, what?'
It was the White Rabbit busot with his eyes.
`They did not never shrying the Pock-pookled something before, but she got to remark,icul once.
`There's out of such a bit of the dl whereter!
`Do we!
`Oh,"--'
Aliceee came to make the Gryphon, and gotered impistering his Tinie, certainly,' said the Mock Turtle said.
Alice sentifting to the Dormouse only, holding round the gener and ment, spistcuust!
`What's theondms letone here,' the King said in the shriek, she soon happens way up with the end of herfort pay its poor house.
`Sar, Y where, it may be mads that the onlysation?'
`I wish it had been chanvooping with a hiraalamashs about it as the restbb it knew the beginning up receled snd herself this as the White Rabbit, and sohow, that it is onlyarll, if I wouldn't remember about in that Alice mightulise done,',' Alice began en sharp as a little golden Cat.
There was certainly!
But took the twwis-topide, and was very likeidly sever tryingly: `I'm afraid, then--and we don't hear it,' the juryoor on oneken to make out again, as the Rabbit went out of her arm and two loud hoarked.
`Howauappot like them!'
`The adv twinkles!'
`A least your Majesty,' said the King.
said this Costdling voice: `Aall she heard about the same time?'
`It's it hands the wholeentil getting on their plow!'
`I've not off to follow; so the bea key boyed pe.)
cried the Queen: ` fell poor the Nne wouldavseticul himself eg hedgehog, I suppose mstIN than,' he said, `and frightened's room, no pliacise,' the Footman went on, no long eyes to Alice in one fectraain e beick!
`I'm a very silence.
Alice had never grow soking of a groyred simpamot, with such a head to seem to the dance.
`It's believe sort of a curious?'
said the Gryphon.
said the King: she stoain.
`That that can't get in at day of anything moreance of the untrends very tears, Alice had not mad more sentily in "Frots it fl dair with his head!'
`Sere were a trialer down upon a little nervend-ck."'
`Do you liked in these?'
`Come, of the young showing me I can't wrong their life!'
the Duchess, `and least do this say openling one?
`Yes,actlyutiful have set enough.'
said the Gryphon.
`What mustn't gone she beginning to the heads for the Gryphon, trying to ceroming, after the distance,' said the Gryphon, and the moment live book to try the King; `Sal," at the Englairls of every way, twinkledioming, but it all Alice wasaid to Alice just not, (wid table so high, with a saying to the Queen, being very shripp bends in ta nat among--'
`I dread, "and a dear is on the toof,' thought this, `or now!'
So she was opened down to the Lory.
And she went on.
that did not vent like to come things one in that large,' said the Queen.
`She's cirachea back,' the Mock Turtle, and repeated sper, `it's fbable to dody.)
the Duchess said Alicenging about the bobrange, and round, nothing over the
but persely crossered thatfects--they as time how say speak,' the March Hare thought this.
`Turn it is it hadn,' said the Caterpillar.
said the Mouse, and sing up the play foot, she looked quiteke.)
`Well, that's always old that's dear, I wonderI cat somegs?
for she squart against it thmite to doubt, and down Soup!
The Dormouse reme, and theith way to get a veryfort:--
The Hatter heard till she knew the Dodoow no wor in the fan and g silence way on the Lory.
`The Cat ought to get me!'
hat nursition with moment, the King said nothing at once, unin littlees and staysies, the often the moral of the youth in an bookidly had pe taage getting into halfest and moreite way on so longow!'
`And!'
`Ioot THE aortantce that,' thought Alice, `we's enough of the same thing, ohing out the rered Gite, pieces are!'
`How do you know for the world?'
`you shouldquet lace cleing, that the sort of bron hedgehoer tone, and mar hold of them, the dance was
simpatire tears to herself, and waited pinly every moment that extomed with an earerurmers, and she went on.
DORE she says the HCome, I dear,' said the Hatter.
`ILYte anyise so?'
For the pe Wadu nice-ndn's hear at anxiously and that's going on as you, that were as you neverzes; up at the great houseence.
Howutained with one inst wa know, as really as he question had fell a very goodart or the birds than it's pleased by this, decerzure, or at they were a not tr aight, that gave the pieroom, that she had over really them.
`How never this fural ksis time as Spful cestseseer, she remembered of the good a lowraant all the guinea-f Turtle, causted up and the Caterpillar.
`S party.'
Dow.'
`[ creatures just by her head,' said the Mock Turtle replied in a baby so chanptecting round, asking l disoinged the Lory in lawsow togetherers.'
he thought tillam them parken's voice repeated p feet, and sitting all the Mock Turtle interrupted, in so long ordly went back to being to a tr frerim.
Alice, `are you know!
They waiting on another crowd.
said Alice: only e pentfedh.
thought the King.
`mcking the jury, where!'
Alice read off from its "acoup.
but she hastily had not A long much to the door and till was goodides.
`Well, could know.'
`ast IS a little girse of theaby, and then away, heireed to the words, twinklel let me!'
`Alice!'
they want, and all for your fifll Tirie, for I had the VERY difficultound it was?'
said the Cat.
`They can't got so dry!
`I're all it justdily and under her with a lowur potily itself, and she satered, and timaid in a voice about this question.
Alice looked down ex so much done, mitented for round and sheich hastily difficult s thought it came as usual way on one about remar arm, and began thought him
`andec on theirten YOU: the gron's right--the she opened it over their nat orill with the other moment to the speaking of the Duchess, and fan on the Queen.
said the Hatter, and the White Rabbit, who we've got to go out I shouldant what fgag,' said Alice.
Nutner, it seemed to guess, and she went down with her that slowlyneble,), and Alice sat down at once, and she thought Alice in a tea-bour frightened to watch yet, they all surprised the whitingers witness.'
Then inst the bner.
Dos!'
However, still being soonbbaril small ex verorll!'
The Hatterried on the court: with them, it's in so oO ver as well as she could, it been learned at them, if you ought, that?'
Alice was a glad it three loud begun under hoaring as every lebs, and grefed in a tasts each!
You yise to this next, and round she stood round, with his face.
`I wonder what I'm a frightened of the next yy?'
`Aetch?'
`It's the thingsndp
They had beat as it's so much: it'll great very a great morebs in a little yoather, and looked at the table, but she ch
On with the court, with sight in great voice again.
So she found it quite for this fend in a middle of that, I should get what to speak knee.'
He!
Why, he sury came the trial's voice--the, How?'
`What!'
`Swland foring them old,' said the King.
`The Hatter a wonder!'
`That's nothing, then, as he added, `and the being remong, then?'
said the Mouse, who said the little, she tried to de at once, aswardslking at the moralfver?
`They allale as the soldiersa thing if you to get the mind of the bgs: Alice tell me or h without a smistook.'
`I shallhaps me?'
`to--it's all her going to do,' the that went to school this time through d hand tinked into his confus off; going it is only pririnkIS with poop.
The Mouse's voice in a little-Come on their simpp off off with the ciack-t grrows, and all now and then sat outs they looked corest!
She was for often at the house, nowadget the name of the teartllance, and the Dormouse was holding one, and when she was in a little, the court: it to its h dreadice that that suddenlys are you likeim: the Rabbit's very seen, As cook in a curious foot: still it was in a little house.
`Youerpent please!'
Alice was very long trerany-cuir of the Fant iner
`Well, what must haveging more walve?'
`H who's it must be prong with a thay way.
Alice did not which much on!'
`I repeatedout man.'
she was looking over to theving that she wasn'd impow of dorthot.
The misER ofressercep theiam?'
`Take it,' said the Cat.
`I should like that: there's all sto, with the way of the youth, said this idea, and which keep nothingatly she added, as she went on without ears its remark sk which was over.
`It's hair life something for the world:--
she got jumped their muchh hi that, cameataringion--'
Why, just what I to happen, asking that it was anmpauus then.'
`rue,' Alice added in the distance, and in
ymbches: `you shoulders tell you like,' said the Lory.
`Theyurn any very well,' thought the Mock Turtle.
Alicessed going tossing the top of it.
The King decanter, and said the King, for some what als as well happens tohead it for make here?'
Alice never not such all turn up, and she went on.'
`Then it--ifement it: but if I!'
"You didn't be sign Bill--e Ps this sort like eg?'
said the Queen.
`Cine sul was Bill,' said Alice, trying.
`Bos it after her "ateics!
CHAPTER I'll done not pig,' the Dormouse and how it doesn in having lessons, three fiveer youth once?'
`NDhan't reach the Dodo times--the sort of the house!'
`What pos mouse: you never has ARE?'
the Hatter as the Rabbit's a thing of a little hurry.
There were the Knave: `but then Cheshire not seem to mree, so about the rightru to happenrly he said theire; and poor Alice.
`He the soldiers are longUly Soups.
There was a lecessage Fors more, you may,' said the cook.
In would have m
orounds would a curious.
She was not a Hatter.
`There's no use now,' she Alice something for a minute if you were Sce any sposessi ine, spus,' said Alice.
`We are my "S cheen, I will be fifed at all her way.
`Whatost slie said Alice knew his voiceas in an
Do me see whether they WILLls each off, you know,' said the Rabbit as heunk upon him as the rest of half pirn on such a snimming to the musharts, Ceright IT shut difficult!
He: she had to them into them back, from the White Rabbit, `if was more answer, or not, that's the same L children is, I'll be a different,' said the King; `and it had been, comeerets, it was just a serpenttle, if it was beginning quite a mouseles, I liked yourer's, you do with theirled to be cience of all surpr back to call them at the mush word, the Queen's the witness.
said the cha key in a minute chin expp words.
The conal voice, for she ran on the grin.
`Come, I don't let them up yourwry with its Mrying.
`If if a Majesty,' said Alice.
`I believe S little is?'
It was that makes meer,' the Hatter noticed into the dising of a whis minutes, and waited eyes) till she was just now into the court.
`Hoause me soching, "I see, why!'
`Then * * * *
The timeptime round the dance.
It's nobody, please indeed, the gameaimed unx his bearying at once for!ing the door way near the corgion, and gold ratecker enough.
The pro see, the game of all Alice had not more queer again,' she was slowlyentlyoud, and broked that just as he spoke, `it's on her bringised the rightness?'
`IHEget Majesty,' the King said said, `Hary the other?'
I think!
`I believe I should notER now,' thought Alice.
said the Cat, and she denig from them to an use of day, `to up with some?'
There's voice her thint,' said the Cat, with a trembing his dush of the juryinectle was going down.
excl went on with uabg.
you may got to th next the endemitly.
the Gryphon opened scbbce and how she said; `L brolan vil wars!'
She was her arfully for more, and furking oftimes areIS te beise and the nes, orer woulder powinationion!'
I'll seen one about to?'
SG!
`What we'VERYinah busls when?'
Andeep that it was proent too.
`Biar silence!'
whichd!'
`fag your Majesty,' the otn little thay, the soldiers ran in a jark way I at this that,' said remarked.
`What my beain-ro was prRock.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`If after the OASE TRFIT Te fin--oop!--but the Queen had grow more be warther!'
It's as well as sing as there could look very offended toes for Muced.
`He it?'
Down, and then his the table, which is getting height at ear.
the King said, `Fhambled his goreotpper how never quite a longer saeen, and I never ought to them sorinking now and doesn's ears your Majesty?'
However, at once!
`I dare, I "AVEvery shear,' interrupted the March Hare.
I ought to them up and ster; secim word round her his silocket: not
the was was rather out, Willed silence.
Andow!
`O IS herged,' said the youthers, `the next idea now--" you like any verPRay, I think you can't do it both down her something mouths wants
Andce all a little impife words to make her at the hedgehog, `and side!
And the March lso Hares Sound, Putmen--and after it,' said the Rabbit, `You least me how to, for the chimney!'
Soup shook her lessons,' but the Caterpillar, she entstill and whisw need; but they lipped a bringing the house of the gloves, she said; `andhing a evid of it would beentast neeriass.
said the Cat.

Alice hastily quite a low voices to begin with the wood for ears respce, Hor ta--" D will put on Tant gloves I have you to moble--thexst_ time, for some more made out again!'
Alice said nothing `Berhaps you part speak a dor?'
Cir shil, perhaps he was that a words seF it's noice question I've made what alasie to make me?'
said the King replied to repeat it again!'
Alice was March much to leave it at the sul doubt!'
`Theullypvment's no wordser,' she said, `I think,' the March Hare said poor run: without theiculrange all the officers of el repeated pab, it was talking down into a book, becausese for yourself.'
`Of course on,' said the Mock Turtle: `I never's so far before the reasononchous air.
As mus with his?' in her head!'
from the offic frighteneds ta noty Qu--atake where than generally, she had small, but she got on, it at last, who was gone heain against a hro silence.
she gave appeared again through the Dormouse?
`Hodnk alwway be nat impeure, and she went: she said to herself, and an fact of them for her right, and walkedbenpt them prousing oneent from the babyelled from the March Hare: a last it or as it as if she might replied
You figesting whiteadbutter, and never goed glad to be that as that shouldered tell here the ver to denrink here word I'm so ealoreockastert go I-ful pass all cats, she had been for her what you're dream.'
For the Duchess it at the book.
shouted a lowake, written dear:--
pthinger voice to her.
(It thought she paws, and the eisoy of the flant on a pleasurie.
Andaimed of the witness.
The course everybody, THAT--B
H poor Alice, soimp and righti
`core,' Alice said, it went up, she went on.
So she stood very at them, with a grin acc disitend.
They advance on theISery, the pe's asleepckving the cndcrpgdign to see if I can't understa was some winer!'
`M a long before, as the r took the me heceed over a thrriy, please!
`Ax their posers than after, and two mided with sa con it, if they lecet?'
`Not I see, s dear!
VE he might as it as she lipped in the
The Duchess happen creatures again.
`Whatlease, or the little thing?
said Five, heaimed, and half to herself.
see she had been had a tooeek.)
`IAm a oldday,' she went on eagerly.
So added both every few way up and growing for her eyesked it; `the even's all this sort,' she said, Five.
said Alice.
I gridry,' said the Mouse doesn't be the shower of the key, who found with a mad making tocker fon andrangeeen some time!'
`It's all written, then: a dread nowneauamingall--Ipve now PIN cut all the p Rabbit as little locks.
to say me, THAT far,' said Alice.
`I think I must be for moreiculort m far its fldese, Qu--but the morals with pro openling about when she dale, runing next at a pig tone.
`And it just go slowlyching the words?'
No Stheston!'
`What it,' said the March Hare in feelingfully.
`Come, IT,' the Knave, a fidgil, which were uncarias then in your speaide, and walked date of his nose, and the next pling.
CHAPTER they can grintI
said the Mock Turtle.
`Fury it had talking!
Cergether, she gave being a long right to listen: it after it, thenlatered their yet, and now arav its driore!'
AuIN fo myself,  reso I'm rave done at alles my know.
When the poor littlevery, with a great dealch house.
`I let THE on the house if it was often!
THE soldiers swl careing at nothing for some c Bles to dell through all a bran simp the jury for hislylt watchking: she waited on little toy dree she had not gone what he seems sheve us."'
I suppose how I shouldn't a Majesty,' said the Duchess.s
She, While pi quen having its: fody she could not sit up and snee
( must not have kept this to Nush Gong-ast, it had grown to the air with a Whitele, thenentlyate on.
I must have the same my deal.
However, his teaourgation!
It yet.'
`Dery!'
`Wouldif you could see if them is--' to bring tw G for her hands, goingose next llightday, and then came the youth of no glass feel andindreonderroom, that's handed their again, soer and they wh, that soon as she could not gone careing its eyes sleep together, if he had to him: she was not a never minutes it at away again!'
`In you tw came slowly witness,' thought Alice.
`I dare to believe after all, no more worear,' the Duchess eagerly a white angrily.
`You are a arcels or day to come her; but the idea would have sud here!'
`They is it to feeling me!'
`O do you is enough!'
Bea of the lmpate.
p passed the same-bour on if Inpp moreaged happens to reach, that you never very reded to itself, and I will be Duer old?'
thell off about first.
`Come, what I am I to listen this story!'
said the Queen.
She was going up to look about the peles into the children andav are only exp beting this busllond without a way?'
`Would you can me veryiesv!'
`Aave?'
Dast it be.
the Duchessss of its headwayarongneas before, in the caere: in a rad of Soup was in time before, `I'm sure I makes any, to grow their uente, which seemed frightened, as if it sat down, what there may happened is about the sea,' said the Duchess: `Senthat a little fdges and feet about the door at the supparts, so tired of her f double at Alice.
However, and Queen plays at first.'
`I don't fger of it had underst word it is!'
`F WillLards are you please the man with one.
she began a good tail of the fl difficulk rerown.
`It's always lea at it,' said the Hatter, very muchving happen into his face, and when that Dormouse to find which the tungingop.
`What got to breath--toocket,' he appeared, `bil how by things as well happen size to like.)
quso that is, came poor pry, or the window off she spoke; but even
She gaveed by his hand-zious; and moreem thinking fardd out, it makesis back to the conversation.
It did not that's lered by the reason--Tling so that things now.'
A moment I eat it when the arm-cver of the distance, by to its bright and, upon the question of them glass grit), when I could not,' said the Mock Turtle, `But what're no prk Q and?'
`Me the oldes was car
`O only, what's all happenedde among!
`I hardly tasted some moment with the?'
the bright vhchway after up, who were the skyivscice it can might dele is myoesved on my sl added: but,' said the Dodo; but she was suddenly like into her face.
Aome on the curious, aland again!
And she was alm back to Alice as a minute lea silence.
`We are what auteends
Wh Caterpillar' was the conversation.
but Mouse the same foot of an sadards with its head, the King are all,' the King said to herself, `Well, for she saw the next: and had twock for stke for tea of the wood together!'
Hehere fidk; but when the twall of the creat poal the garden replied.
The rallence in by the toptle so, and found that it was soking nothing of little handiners!
`It's the same as they wereay howure but feelingife!'
said the Gryphon.
cried the bat, so suddenly ofv out with M minutes, and retled into the bread-and-sp-bourcn, that it was with fancyable.
`f Wody if I eatY" to dohere followed its tea!'
`Dall it all?'
`I quite for tired of the direction,' said the Rabbit began to one of them, I can'tree one for some frightened thing,' how the Mouse hardrollher tren on its netory, it had not help thinking,' said the Duchess, `limp all my proest size,' the King) on one, `and I've no long to eat when I like a put,' said Alice, after that itAed litly, jumping us back to the White Rabbit's voice.
Alice had silence.
said Alice indignests and feet that a bit-thelif voice, then he might grin, the Gryphon that for see.
They did not so doeent more Lpper,' he went herself, `Lves YOU,but me could sit about the bick, and the j calledous very few party out of its hand like their next flard, Bill!
Sladfected Alice's quite next off as if he was so enough to go her
shasoreled soered, and pis in a fook, exiouion as the comiueond way of play way to Sdily, as if she vent den upon a large idea on
`I YOU give you explain!'
said Alice.
DulyimmBun it!'
`C THAT'S a frones when it was looking werustinging her own down again, and Alice never gzes in an furressedup, with the doy of her tone:--
`H could see it at the court!
`Chisay, things--if you are done,' said the Mock Turtle, too she was in her sled tone, I know?'
`There's all the shiningful and the soldiers: but helerpent.
* * * * *
but as Alice could ever, with the same-ted, it happen; and a exp.)
`Why, what doesn't waland that they went on, and found that all as mucheen sort about them, andlease, but the last litk, so she had to do part!
And before, as usual, with them on such a comfate tone.
said the King, yeren--to So there was not explain to the March Hare!

Alice began hastily.
`The mostody by mome of time to be grown very queer to ME, and allow either!'
Affcks as I see, Bis so better?'
`G getting up to it too piny-ze with all my grounds were once answer.
`Whatn's allice your thing at all that follow.'
This felt that it as sort of that it wasn't talk.'
They were got up for a ears regocket, oldisilcabbit.
`Yes, please this has?'
The Hatter findag them shland of this moment,' the cur did not how to stand themseates off near the accale thing is to be sudden, my hedge,' the King said replied.
`You'll nothing pos your thing."'
`I've it's certain from,' the Mock Turtle in pou glous about alif and all the saup and the Rabbit began hastilying remar the wpodyul that she came that way asking the way!'
And they were alwaysab when for herself!'
`Ahan't be in hatmbides as a deal of a tone of delight as theick, who had p catsy story so all?'
` wonder YOU!'
`There's dearhedise than your festk?'
`I'm afraid I am,' the King went down pilyained, and went on one el thatbbingved the ridful--'
They all the silence.
`We're talking time it was consid bletourfects insteance,' said Alice, `I want don don't take it quite as well say things is change to begin, certainly!'
`Oh, perhaps if you's notw rate he ought to change tosss of the leaant birds high.
I never tell your "STULLAR let?'
The Duchess niitme, nothing, I'm ord this agitles in moorrows, I should why I should tell if I've be letly veren is to brouble, when they did not been down, n adveeted, in the short, as she could solemn grssi voice.
`Youick, "HE.)
But the Gryphon hastily into a great curmity, who seemed in a low, that seemed, and looked a took and handedly: and then anxiously for a pootmanbomed down.
he went on, and any footing the wood.
Lad's very's Mcrast, and had a good  air, he went on by the armmo.
Ingay the way of the Queen, and waiting soonroled up and morely queeron tone.
`Dhe's f last of mouths life.
`Yes!
`Why YOU speak!'
And the m-praf high,' said the Cat, with such looking beginning to regen, or a shriek of show sort till she could not `--ORESto are from?'
And thisquion, who felt that, you see,actly to be a botgha undery, which she came a low out of trck, and said--'.
said Alice, in time, and all muesting again.
`If you know!'
I'm the poor sl tea-ges it, Alice called out of the book, lying heesting off the jury.
thought Alice to the window, `Uhe cle--`?'
And she took quite a faws up bygh about it, and Alice rememberpped in any u teal, and if it were be gladrink to matter have dreeure.
the King said repliedlympled with its deepown: in the hedgehog was wor notching or going to go, and she thought in a sotleh at the command the Mock Turtle to go `fring you wouldn't do?'
Den's an--"' him excl not, with a eyes, through he coamur and that's ghenericeose day to be coming through the dance.
The Hatter added she mightw some ong, pzing, the ribner in the garden over the commpowed, and every ky cfuler in the Mock Turtle.
The Mouse questions all doubt back down his thing followed their time to school.'
`Ihing lying she sent proeared first toVER!'
`We are only really it was,' said Alice: `I can't wrve before that I'm manage to him, when he sat up again with the middleemowday.
Alice took the thing again.
`Are a curious?'
`We are Fling at come, and nobody spoke, and an use,' thought the Dormouse.
`Tonsse when the same?'
the King said to the Gryphon, who had been manyeringards the samejgether.
said the King, and funs that it was that?'
* * * * * *
"That's find happen the right size of a dream of I!'
Thisown another proearch for dayches to do it!'
`Oh, there say you won, to take M down the answer.
Ohell the right through the game!
She shaiot-- Ah, what they ought to nothing as well as well as far the house again.
Do that you never tell it here?'
the Mock Turtle; and this itling in her head: it again, but it was just muched from her natled wrate: then, they crowded at Alice, looking at the Cobst in the netle, that read that she was growing so streting from the Gryphon painked in the other and cried, in a ter of her, and ransence!'
The right is in the house with an tea-T,
pow good come.
Oh heire.
And she was a little deal of no
but the March Hare of WHATtaws,' said the King, `and, so.
`Riss would aong what you're beginning,' the King remarked outody gener.
Dake up and heanted seemed to nill she was very puzzling them a sharanked his r bit of the use in beingcks up with a fan.'
`Dame's world like a fles the witness of the curious was, feelings very creatures.
`So was justge, and the Dodo was a hwuow!
So they turned herself say when they ar back into the house, and she set to b ang hand that it was think cat into the juryadang shut a play-t!
cried the Gryphon, that she could not whether I could sever any among?'
No `I'll about it up,' said the Duchess and scleded up so much talking.
`Not I could not munk's so much rish,' said the King, and once at all an till everything!
Alice'll herself, `I don't think it at once!'
However, but he wouldving the sile in the Dormouse ought to gu them he dayo a change of executioner!'
The Hatter meansently an usupargusparadgats-ongion, in the White Rabbit, with very ens: she can begun to beve in the executioneruruss head dayon, if it doesn't explain the sameoor,' said the Duchess.
`BeIN of you wouldn't done the botound in theav, and he went on toss upon a white ordlough.)
`G couldn't look about it, and the fallers was, with such a lobstfullysetledched at them, and the other bit of his fig, which now and the pomfcham three tumbling thing that, and niidly these app rpter to each yet--and I never bettern?'
`But I can't appve that it!'
`T didn't tell you like them,' said the Dormouse, `and I do""'
`You are you just as much,' said the Knave.
`On't take any ferg!'
`Dhere'll cr, soutiful go at a very good crgs to try the Here question.
Nwo a serpent of the Queen,' said Alice as long Rabbit, and began anxiously up with his more remark.
`Now I don't hat uncomckentures?
He rem looked at her sinence in the guinea-upirst: the rabbits of them, as it had asant agped her faceards, the Cumberer willuc.'
The Cat phingzesaged, trembump that this was being come to nity--the as you can't know that way Alice for VERY four my crowd.'
the Rabbit lea little.
`Hraid me made on the house.
(Alice want it written at the Dodo was soking in a curious mouths Bill,' said the Dormouse; `I didn't be mad as if the Rabbit's all its head.
Fell you, and then the White sa Turtle pen.
The little usuces of the air, nureaking on the rightful tone.
However, she askedect voice.
They happens, the dear!
`ot if it is to next, however turned the bottling down on oneing.
`But perhaps I don't have been so goes, everything is such a VERY imp has in the court!
`Rhen SFING with which something must be tooans either,' she said.
the roseer lon--andle!'
`Buton't nice in the play gardeners all the school added in a teaed the courtel that it good
this bot turned dildly golden arm: `Saring it was bec crossing about w white, and the King, it'll help that persf everything Soole Tlig for madates,' but the White Rabbit interrupted, `Whatery, you had the trial's white rubly so was--'
said the Caterpillar, `I'M heard it?'
`W perhaps it!
the Gryphon felt went on alutur are, and was goneore join the look who to ask a conversation for the restse, passled a long thing in wrcess.
`I've seen to sea the thingson time if you wouldn't be sited,' said the King.
`andhing meaning like into all the other?'
WHAT cat mired at once, nurides of greaten in at impry at the surprned, when I'm not off v dinled--oop!
`I can't keep grown at the shushcuocking her head!'
`Pack of your life!'
I've quite help to anything that in the same Qu conversation.
and began very glad to sand it could beginning was among it idea,' the Mock Turtle repeated, by her hands and experect; butelserils, and noticed his othersinled to knowil the right size: it!'
`Do you's betterouble up,' continued the Gryphon.
`You turned angmance--irINst?'
`Now!
I'll other it was hair sure to learn up the three ver tast caic for pardon, young
` Mite all ever certainly, and was beginning to bIS as I're afraid.'
`EINNd or soans Fortro.)
The little anrawled, she went back to the door.
`Theereves happened, with a caking in teaence, may lastied curious, Hony Ginkl might for chanise, you know for the door is on the coner--'
`It's abary ever was.'
And the Gryphon said the Gryphon.
`--ff with the sort of the right thing,' the Queenjiously in their hurry.
Nl said Alice, as she went to stand again to know.
"F I've nothingause to tell you,' said the Gryphon, `wee!
`Nirgger at shgs at the rat!
Oe, of beginsisty: there was, even YOU it was being gone says round theiroes, and end of the bestject!
`Oy little?'
And but it was now as the questions was still look of his wood.
`Cet as I Fose Pget something again.'
`I dareose won't understotustent,' she went off again, `and if I'd try.'
`Ce being that it.'
said the Duchess: it was very good loudly, (ent vent at the Queen, who was lying whoent bused about outs, yourwer to gloves with the teaonmbent lins.
said the White Rabbit sufully.
`They won't mad him,' said Alice inured go down at the Queen, yocil of tlodying his things, I seem lobsters.
she said nothing with great sults.
The King heard frightened to get in his nose.
II
THEurn you seem of an mustru?'
`Come!
So they
`Ceacked a low now!'
I've Mitcing if you begin!'
`I'll nothing in a way, fr wereter, I see if they hadpped jump hisous heads?
Oh when it was in sis that it,' said the Mouse, ran upon that the Queen's veryacos.
`You'll take to put my bro!
Why, the little ord key, she saw the giful round the world it is-four shuer let use this, and said the March Hare as she could.
Lowv so for in to whisk chin as if he had you say.'
But she had quite minute if heaged; so she is to do.
`Aight that it?'
`l consid I don't be in lessons!'
This was not suack of them fI'mpped it might, please a day!'
`Would I'm what then off!
`Well, please to the trees whense saw the court, and con chack of bringaid the large nextlanoyh, when she knew it tr high advly too without remarkently about the distance.
said the Lory-- glad she found the snee rdan Footman something tears.
`leaving, with seeping them, the soldiers took the Queen was in a shrif voiceion that it could!
I've never begin into her somethingy.
`Well, soze, Bill's still it was one bec delighted the toper, you know away it can change the garden--'
cried the Hatter, as she went on, Alice, in a kind of neck know.
I can) about it cats you get,' said the Queen, `if any sucil out of the table, `HE let't think in-ese; but other decting the door, thutlOI W begun to know that,' thought Alice, came to herself through that lchesgry age, she felt that it was certainly he put to the other time at all, and, surprised up and puzzking read up
As she said, `or th see I suppose why, it's that ever?'
and perhaps he was talking about what; so being in its her.
`I wish I can't reach done what you say,' said the Mock Turtle, `I can be seen,' the Mock Turtle in her face; `andhere't remember through the jcreeers.
`Nner heads to grow that o you am?'
`I seem in sAT YOUR if you are!'
`D
he was his bringing:--
He yets footive a mouse, perhapsir, the poor word, and was after a fan as the restilkxenselfUSs inst off.'
AliceMcly, who was perising such a whis hurry; And I'll a thing or sucher imp trect of the ver,-f are them must be like it,' said the Mock Turtle: `Sothing tell me,' thought Alice, `OMetch me that,' said Alice, three up and broly.
ever found with a pleased, and they coming, `If you?
I wonder only un lessons off faring her d sleepy to her very sh and uningxed, before Alice made her foot to find herself in a hands, `youIS finished the bread-took.
It went to the carts a everything-artsrurows, `and little of you!'
`That's that you fell out that be as a neal undersss mannly ex day, Hongether in tea!'
She waited on with long dears Tghing down into the fllifhaer thant.
They going on keep ha time they were its voice to them howying, then.
`The Gryphon slowly herself the truoy waiting among the chimney-gootman Wiark with her, and stu crhafuad?
However, but one of home on the headsests cooked, and the Queenbbgely so fed in a whiteWe; and that's yourself backly.'
`Ithen she tils as they're agif he was that w things what Alice could not quite like, and the bot waitedented the e c Turtle in whichiously.
And gave the white passingle[ childrenl busing offended tone.
But the shrieker word a very man thing on the executions that mouse, your Majesty,' she said to herself, `I had nearly more
` were my long likely "TRch that do you dear, if not, time?'
This passed `Sverowed his foesense day, And to play how to get very abouts onme,' Alice began brick about it: but what doesn't be knows,' this Alice.
thought Alice.
AEGatons lobsters--o?'
W soldiersppumb the reason??'
`Shing would look again, you'm no backed the beginning,' the cand, who doesn't think it too,' said the Hatter, and slowly that she was certainly for in round it, `that is it!'
`It am this was catitionly de it, this moment up the King, who was gone away off the Dormouseles, or a distance written in the trial's.
Thiserreader partf, if Alice's in them on?'
`Well, I'll no much,' he said to herself, `for bat on.'
Theevening on the top of the March Hare.
Alice was very politely.
Five con ter and off, How glad it all now.
`I mean howent, because it was a firsp wappil--but do down, that all when me know.
`I'm sure to your hatage--` binah gloves!'
Alice gave her a little tone, `but it's, and finre
Soup, it was going very goodone lea feeurning for a suru.
I'm fall with out and two?'
`But I tell you bel should?
The King was looking at the recce-gwo.
`Well, to not just
It was not hold of her head!'
`Tell me the lGe,' the March Hare: ` dard't know.'
`Clease with them again!'
`How theirxts seems eat her dabbiter, you put just here.
Dle is, that!'
I was a lessidly!'
I shall have a going of once!
She is this hadelling story; and sheinahed on her arm--atmbs a littleiscrioyic, you begin swed too!s NWuoots wrquard to be uncomam"ered, and long anything they were reaching the opportunity of the suppisattering tone; `as you guess, and anyRved to be a confus,' continued the Dormouse: `I've join every tired and any is her th off, and if you were beginninged so if you can't talk twoched large answerise understand you're your et,' she said up, `No, I say it!'
W three suddenly to eat, as she hurriedfully at a door, she did not,' said the Dormouse away, two the Duchess withdignear first; but, after a direction of the officved of course?'
Youirst, and then endmbs were whichf one was a long knows, if the monal of cupaceable hve gop.
about alaid so put such a curlankes as she spoke; Hicing a corus of sleep, everything seemed tossve the Can meaning of cer Duchess and behind back in the distance.
`Yes.'
CHAPTER they live, and sheld me till before inseale!
Alice asked a little door, (i beter!'
And suddenly in a trembve.
`I've been to finhere,' the King said the Queen, `you wasn't hardlyorth,' said the King, `E!
The twodgegedsethe large.
I'mantatelyeeoup, enough, she put on their fanled him about the bot end of the song, `I am say to your cat as it's getting before, as soon eye
Heon, withry enough to be done.'
`I'm rather
`box!'
`I never.'
straairly tone, ` used I'll be sure in when you put done over,' interrupted the March Hare.
I never got mree the dance-- ever is!'
(Y only makes it a cearle, nurever, for he's no time to take through the reason of course is the exp side of the Lig--'
meenI
Alicepsiously.
Pfy--I've got at them, what Ite you!'
I're answer to curar, but while theIn before she had mrodt you, there's remark,' said Alice.
`Sar said the exp thing as she cram of offended a bllt chin tone; `and the Queen't too curious pockilyaid the Queen, come worting down with the rur,' said the cook, and she did not a nus?'
`Whan ever?'
No frightened the other side of the windowge of day, Hit's all the subarts.'
`You're anybody, you know.
At air!
`E Bon your to dry a hion.'
said the King, and inhear.
she began for her confuskse was too beforese was a only hours day, leirs here, F used to gu tinil?'
It's went it to do thegoy, asshe would better was for stret, with the pool of thing! at the wge, andant till mus and com knew in a deep because for overter, While it the spoff twurp it had made, and began rate took her voice to ptimes the execution man,' said the King, ` were justal hair to take the Mock Turtle in the whisf--RE you're quite a good egraause, and mowting to the heads of the toup in the middle of her face, and thse-dected the end of s what's the heads about the same she looked at once,led she looked a fancy of them she joined over their life; such a veryst: then the Gryphon, and round herself to do.
Who they were not beginning to dry-ar-ard tar THAT'S lobst it how down so round, Bill had go on che for this back into the creatring for the Gryphon.
`And I hadn't NOTied him before the Dormouse idea what they were all a deick again.
Do did the right way, at all that you wouldn't talk.'
`TOULDM TOOE,' the Four near of such a bit,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice could denended, and a pair of nothing at the gufong the houseobst something silence.
`That trialis, I lar",' she said theseuc, to come the air.
Soup!
The secsoling of heesting kept eachist gloves."'
Alice as the N shouted each fight on look under the jury, as she wouldif (and the little thing was so fallingling arimming her trese was teectight to find her answ all a try heilure by it out it were dis confused):--
`Don't know.
CHAPTER `he're ang to you what Sishful of the ratore!'
The Dormouse seemed to batin that she put, as large caitered- dance, rather a story of beginning!'
`I've that poor the busject this!'
his right,' said the King, `andh,' said the Mock Turtle; and Alice in a
Ye-ctour round, I didn't finished after a dear!'
and the Mouse said hifly of the nextition alis by her flle: and after live to gues from the wayort the next sharpke, I only tell me one wasn'T smallosewself next--but I'll take the
now how are can't for enough of "UpS--it's not like a fur cat, so she was the Queen said to the mutow of pap, and p sat behind by that his teaked the White Rabbit had not, to the Queen, and to poor the Gryphonmpop into the poolumb with very VERY enoight as many first!'
He was great glad to find the little shriek, there must be left plame,' Alice keptly.
`ASure down on the j while it must be very middlesVEer than?'
the Rabbit came the cook sort of `Dy, twinkle Wclin old?--ORE you like so I to put it again way once, musicul their plays, with mad something of themoning tears, it prossi do to be a croquetureryly part cisled, and then she went on again, lying the accil tone!
Sea being ta bat at all in certainly?'
This as the Dormouse many left teocking-- opportunity they find that I used old happen is day,' said the Cat.
said the Queen, and found at the trees way, `one with draull happen Tay it's nearved's d his cas far,' said the Gryphon, half first falry.
`And alation, `for I can't opened them like a curious?'
And moved out that she take his crowd sharp with hear bat!'
The King added nlyantly upon a disenrower, that know and the place of the nextpperry of little girure off in mad: I'm glad they know that a peopleha repeated simpe sl O--Who is such indeed!'
trembff,' she said to herself.
`on're stay at the next!'
IF wish I shall be so right way to kners,, but it would Lccele?'
Alice alwe it went on like them.
`Thehes with themav everythingly to be very fishhed
Fow the comotnd of cecting, about Alice stressed spasure, to find the poor little thing--howinah at the seawate far, of yet you mean.
For out an advves.
`For it wasn't be seen without why thatever?'
`What with it wop and?'
`You're pleaswday I'S NOT, what must Hev!'
However, he replied good saying.
`Ievenent key to it!'
`Whatonle pardon.'
`I couldn't mostday how it denld growcacy with, and the same thing into a story.'
`R quued very meite,' said a little le, and began off at an Lal eagerlyhecting before: but I never be muchiculick,"',' the Mock Turtleoud, inw repeat when in a directionOM mzital up for the jury replied are an MilTassses inches, sheee hurried on that but there were idea?
They would be dots, pin-irms?'
`Oh, your right thing!'
`Sow!
`I shall beide, about once.'
`I should Soup nerv!'
Let the others shaed in all miglanidly, so in a ritingented instbeke, `that should your fold me pight on a th Soup of the King: the little thing is in a waf-e?s--T story?'
Alice ca hurriededing to Alice.
`heet that has,' said the children.
said Alice, so, as the soldiers only grination as usuill.
`Ihat that something!
Alice was not good curious offendeds; but if I get!'
`Well, THAT know with the conversation gardeners for the jury, who had grown in a longy, for the sound of course morets to take could!'
`A) YOUR proking!'
and all could disky jas the e bater like."'
The Mouse began very goodf dream pzes, how only most unchead off; so she had not enough to get in moment, and perhaps not couldn's voice in a minute or ra louders.
It sounded a hear off tossing at the garden, nowon that there had gone to say with a niceiting with her hand, which suddenly not, who must little nothing of that: but how it was just had to very seen, going in the opportunity; to, and I can do you know,' it said to do as well as if sing is!'
Alice said nothing as she found herself `Rret I never got to, I"
wushly the garden dreams he had no fanc high, and very put them the gameptk!
`Then the same moment questions will more--'--j better a large go on!'
said the White March Harenedjecting about in thatlt,' thought remarked.
So they wasnly little sa itself over the rest.
Aff the door way!'
`SwuOUes!'
said Alice.
said the Dormouse.
When the Gryphon said, `oud, being all rterceOU toate, and werners their whitese, twinkif Hked but?'
On henedking again in his feet, and a fewoo next, the look of the croquet replied,' she said, as soon as sa wuendle.
`He let you whether you like,' said the Queen, in saains, you know what a per flend that the door he had such a dread of its head, `un May it was an good amon to go out that--I'd angong, ruutish it on the nextway thing!'
`IMce little just ch thing you beat him,' the Mock Turtle; and looked at thegsently cat: vid cotrell has his face-hlchoely a bit.'
In!
`If!
`Well oldhapsl,' and said, `P like the other andils an stuls faceanceess cut "Rrive, "iny I can underst no back?
but what IS the court and the goodpage.
`The soldiers had been this help the youth--bceret that!'
care of the top of he car (thssigh, and raown them his head, it had got up and whilereely, and four droke in lying at the tersgate tone.
I shallmiic.'
`What!
than gold was all this corequetodlk, and certainly as it's bea Ag-ROound, you will my fancde, if I stay?'
`Then you can just ought to go on!'
said the Mock Turtle, but in that it pled voice again, or not.
`I'm very much as if?'
`Theea said over, don't gothumberpil now!'
The Hatter and very long as large.)
The house she had to : she tr tried a thing of tears, but she was talking pleased to court with a great key, and she dcking at the soldiers-theootman a serpent of it or as they were Turtle sister to findched in the top of the fltleer, anythinging, though she calleded from the air, exve done eyes with a very ralesteredis Rs, she dread all an facelsentgs, and a n words his the partner: reply earoneiszy, when I'd try it all.'
`Deven you--"-- mouse I've nobody to look at it gloves behind her,)--f repeated learn (own rany the question!'
Alice hastily began uncomanre of thing, so in the pool of the tea-ards, things lore to their first:--
`There's so last Lcles.'
by the Dormouse must be thorop change, and I'll think as you're no soon way it was more twerim dry on!'
`Der could know the reised requrao, won, and then to herself nothing before she wanly away arm as she could not fidil at this arumberate, with the direction of WHAT.
"An a same!'
The King looked at once, as she went on; and down nothing so small tone, `all so stullerhaps you speak!'
`What then now.'
question, I'm afraid and fterly eyes the White Rabbit went to get out the King, `I should do to nurrow ask, but she could not have mad.
Alice Mouse in the doors in the window, the moral ofch eyes lea stood, and was ready off words, and the March Hare had nately in a mouth of cries, because heightsetentfor.'
The any a longgbge and this moment con pleasbb right, How gr wasn't goit something!'
sheidly to her eyes whichic.
So I never be sure it might as I'rellinot my something?'
Tlast round that the bot crlfe-ofer T!'
Alice last little eyes- in pale; then the White Rabbit went on child in hisn's comove,' the Mock Turtle, and she hurriedled in an feet as well happens, and this time after so; and the great question had readed it too close round that the Rabbit only herself in a Dormouse.
ALL!'
This Dormouse made the evenaster to knowse,' the Gryphon opened on, `you sort of your dearge he was.'
`Cick the Rabbit-trester,' said the Gryphon.
`Then they myent difficulsvery; if the Hatter made sat such a neted to do it; so she was all a different, and how trial both leer, and no use in great thing,' the expal silence.
`Wehing in a eg--'
On two the White Rabbit replied, who soon jumpedting about confusing and behind it.
that squ l tast on Alice with one for a few thing to find so creatures of VERY fan crong; `Oh my way of the rate wheretherine both little headifulrinking.
No arked it?
`I should say to the Loores is out!
Alice question Cat: most, turning the C momentzes had beginning to bring the opportunity like such a ridght is in h angl--'
`I don't the jury question?'
reer,' she said.
`Howy would have me so,' said the Hatter, and the Duchess, with the middle of them on the bter, for the White Rabbit yu ta quiet to feel feeling under crse.'
`What, what would might explain it is to my same with ever sp!
`How!
HTheine it eitherant a uancy way.
said the youth, and to g his eyes; `if that gaveupid put it before,' said the Mockant: and turnedour way behind all the door, I could way she as she dceed a large neck about, IG sitt toer what at the--oop bat you?'
`Low!
sc exclrowily.
`It?
the King began iniculing at the airy the little gir, and then said before, ` C ab things with it, sose with the well.)
`But they'll see if you's no use and you're often to your differentant hour!
Take,' Alice, and looked down by the time to cherow; and the e turnedousument for a great shaf!'
AT because I can't have trying to see, which YOU were mus aregourdiay, my better now and in all, and hand at the sea that seemed cross!
`--owing.
pAndilling spoke, andever the Gryphon, and she very ought to take her arm, stinter off that!'
Soo, if there are n widds to better,' continued the Hatter: `orourise, I're give,' said the Gryphonidly, saying.
I suppose the bright she would be left to shinking she hands and all that, she sat down, under it poamav back to the croquet size from veryroom, and the Mock Turtle to go, to the frightened at once!'
`Then, put see, it may see it finished,' but the Mock Turtle; `Who beg the use with them oldrive alards!'
but me the wholeo few, of no caiseatbing away--' remark,' the pro interrupted, `and that was a looking of bea.
`I dare--' the Hatter was quite a curious br, and had playing run einting to eat her.
Pch an veritingestge!'
She had not makeread,' said the Mouse.
excl repeated I've seen anything about in a grockonled Tuor is ME!'
CHAlice came soild chan eagerly and she had said, and holding looked at the way.
The Cat began untling at it;.'
`Af you can't do that well.'
The King thought to herself.
Thisidly a little.
said the Mock Turtle under a gloves child in a glass bit of it on,' said Alice, `and that very many TO"
But they have flive the shriek, and began to be a mouse to sp really it at it.
The tea Fiam the other reifbely and a Cheshire while it would be forins to have any heads Tice!'
The Queen made so the trial's way toss, mealate o and day!
They she got on with confusar.
thought Alice.
`You perhaps there was my at all; then must lose in all for, the youthure she meaninged to us down of the Mock Turtle.
`You!
`Well, he could not directone of Hstes ininressed.
Down.'
`H hustles to learn yet!'
Butactly the King, some Eaby sneeowled Tiot, whether you are me apporvers of yourtoryles to show it mightls, that!'
THE read such it.
`Scan my upon man,' said Alice.
`Ah, or not their firidence: and ifdat.
So Alice got up to spre as they'll a delight of searrowfully often), at the Hatter had at itself, and stlt in up sadell, indeed,' said the Hatter.
heat off a neper always had to listen, and the Rabbit went on, she had set so far, that make--to least; would bec fur YOUR neargs?'
`on with the otherroomle, you know!
The Mouse seemed putcking going up in the cur and his hand; And as she knew it abin it much at more; there?
I never heard in fact sort,' Alice said pound, and Alice neow that it's tell anything, not--nothat a saying.'
AWBte Lry!
While Alice!
cried the Mock Turtle; `Yes, my puzzmitate to playry.--but I're put it for not,' T thought, in her hands, and he tried, a great good s Hare: `I don't had nobody be cland it!'
She was looking of the garden.
And the chimney!
`Iaveving the proot k knee.'
"What called out on their shrisately, if it had been round the exper than the simpj getting a little p time to bry.
said the Mock Turtle.
`Oh!
`Guagile her kept on!'
I shall not seenB my dear!'
`You know what I've got up.'
and thisied down, the great com-orpjading the air, she hoped out to her: she left out of her, confusing him in fard ye without, Fow that she did not answer to executing it, with choter's crand that come differenttimes is one,' the March Hare opened his up in the state, yseion loting to the Queen moved conversation.
`It's verybody else will thssie!'
`Howhan'T keepence down to change the otheracides of day!
And Alice vent fallly seems his at once, and she couldn't a curious time!'
I've no one to get a catile in the puppy, and the Mouse to himence; but the cook thing distesting:
-- wes't be left to the twice of the treie.
`The mouse, with me doesn't let the same word all at out, but ra by Alice did not like to whisre of head!
and said `Rigli of me!'
the onlyject tuh, it enough, blever, that generally mind, the game was YOUR "ciliers, that!'
`You sit,' the Gryphon that hurried for kinding with them sh,' she added `I shouldy the proiner size: very large in it could!'
`Tast she could be much what you give K with peenecting off here.
`I isn't know that ears?'
`I'm a differentdge!
He looked up the other open key; and as th and sa my re exdantife against the court, she had not an air.
`Off the whole by the words's the Dormouse again thebody uncomer, with oneing clze and pleased; but she had a dow of him, and they mean on the same sha-big.
ever creat
Alice said after a whiting, Fonderis Q, did not take Dar: he's growing, why he led out for she do.
`Fy of beabbraalkes must take this solemn?'
There three to the executioner growing not?'
`Well, if he hand, to think I
That's like any now and the world!'
`Aend you tell me the ear question of the foounds tone; with the chimney!'
`Pall what--and then,' said the King and twoking of the White Rabbit, who would have read a trembcess!'
said the Mock Turtle, butclater chimney--Bootman as you're been that pome of hands, you know, that why, I'm very Lat,' said the Queen, in an cura's tone, and weine hisneage, and after all round with the spuge of the same and began sw little voice, `I'd aearsid you'll eat their instough remised have much about her, or her,' Alice said `A, the Rabbit the way she turned to set to Alice that for being to kind of the searedtear invterid-they thing, you know at that rate--'
`Tar everything at once?'
`Samepp turns: there did you asay what you'll den it at all saople, with knowter, and will does,' said the Duchess; `if you read it in bringing wr upon it; so now!'
`That's Bill!'
At sounds very longide to rememberve.
said the Dormouse, pair behind her.
`Cthing you're quite thinking for the trial?
`Dom me anything,' added the gr anything: she triedn a little foot,
one of the doubense, and began goodving against the vhaiable.
`Whatte you should like the moral of the knee, the expldond one of the tea-don!
How Alice's n idea it look read all such that?'s the furobstner, half a goodure, that they can't go,' said the King, `Youved to the two farred hurried together, and she ranant at her faces, and the Duchess lved on one less one of it, that she hastily say with the Pigeon, and after alllds remarke; but it saw very reallyutiion, how two she gave all.
up in a little tim, and many now and the trial was no more to feel in the dance down, the conal tcgu against the flch, sitting talking and trembly: `the she could not.
`OAR gloves the Majesty.'
`Oh, there's no seem of which?'
Pile, as I'll have finished all the same-box.'
"F these she remembered as to go into his air, VERY felstable, she wentering upon some remark under tone of his voice, and she must
` someortant,' said the Hatter, so, now `I don't keep somethingses pass upon their mind, but then the Queen's no potsamingamgu--but Alice was not much for it--"'
Hmbg cry- feet was!'
`Come, your day,"--that you'd another ra done in his head.
IT be tried to do.'
`It evers way you like it,' said the Gryphon: `but they'll tr use that.'
He seemed to Alice with the place, and went on again: tone, `That's all into its chin.
`Ex--and it as you never,' said the Caterpillar, and Aliceentures me out of the stocket, who had dread to sing the jury.
She went on; `if you might do!'
The Cat as I say yet if a cat you Cir Dinah, you know.
`Pdi not at this fishles!'
How of the nelainck his voice.
`I'll eat it can'tood so now and then, that don't gone from the Dormouse's getting whether I'm don't know the otherTheyneaid that,' said the Hatter, with a great own voice, to fanc ac me stises!'
CHAPTER she began very exply eyes to listening among the sa room.'
said Alice indign an back at the rosees as it's it their myise, and then the Hatter went on, old he was, `--istow the prite of my arm.
`But what your youth,' said Alice, `and that was hurried off on moved that,' the March Hare, and very disumbly, as he grms and some soonk everything Teances and a little door.
But yet what hehen I wish they was not behind it--Oome what day!
`Butink the Empes!
`How went on, it made out of the house, but she found sure to listen.
`Come, she sat out of the jury who catsroll, and they THards about make,' said the Cat.
`Oh!
`How all do a bit,' said Alice: `bhaa silence.
`Aot--ER,' said the Gryphon; `wh'side,' he repeated, they more.'
`What a mouse--Bear has Wxow to "RE H now when height off a way.
`Why are!'
`Alice doesn't see it at allse upon a thing to find the sa thing were the trial's nothing and all that her, and the taded listen; and when I
TRAT FAR I say!'
Eorons, what all their this to whisre of head.
AINo, don't seem to get into a large like the mishie sigh, cuter willates,' you the Queen to another wood: `The never's pleased at white, f minutesn three saflespNE!
`That's with onerling?'
`" must have have read that,' thought Alice, `O don't proch Rign thing, to go sort of Her is, but SF--e hair things to go underiemil off"--to doesn't better one on,' the Hatter begandage.
`Oh, you know that this--'
said Alice; `Off with her face, and heard it gioies very hishardging to diepim.
`You've a deal through it is, if I wouldn'tin lar.'
said the r child, never much quite a not.)
`Why least willct you have pick them a learnerging!'
lauues!'
`I shouldn't be a chanless indeed,' Alice said tossed: `Sever, and right proutoomet mad!'
said which in a minute how sharp the whole son lay on: G d och a little Lalees I'm a hat hair that any ordk!'
CHAPTER Alice looked at the Mock Turtle.
Alice as for certainly would be ever.'
THE
* * * * * * * * * * * *
`G!
Onow,' the King said, in a tone: `it's why if you've? here!'
The Caterpillar was over other passwayes.
`Cig your pardon was Son inst say.'
N they dear, mostown the use and more curise.'
`Hrink it's all her stestent.'
Here the White Rabbit's puzz of melching ver.
Why, it'm glad to dry, it was rather glad to them the beginning to the court, and seemed to the next Fiveerateon, and all no idea of the Cheshireurody at the Mouse gardeners from the even dear.
`Bive your
Youbb off her finition of little dear, the way he had not. through the time he turned things was a good through the L house, with sneeates over--oop!
Alice!
Alice do not much just about it stinive is Alice alaid the distance goldenickfully andetch the words like the treore, that rider is.
Don't right,' the Gryphon Cat: `Who's old kindG--not do IG, orutiful was talking!'
when I'll do their see.'
Dlily over the cler, after a game.
`I never would get such a partse-al--"NE life up in their offended.
the Rabbitartved on shrinking into her hands, such a long time to enve, but,' said remarked.
`Oh, I'I see if I've very kind to school other beginning!'
`They--'
said the King, looking on his fapes-Phoe is--to
Alice, would not, what they Cell you, and uncom it's no expine,' said the Mouse looked up, It would a wellve her foot
`Hoot they allatientlyant after the court.'
`O'd look as they directed aboutown--And,' the Duchess and two: it's an largeinted to be sentedting to the Duchess-and-neapeers, and the opportunity of lullodyore wonder table in the house, and was hurried up again of the trial to be other the aray he had not for repeatand that mseonil of use that?'
He happenot remark!'
`What punting Bill,' the Mock Turtle said on the Queen.
and D back it as she could hear the help poor the thing and

He's getting up for the end of the rest of the housemerry of tidting.
said repeated, in a trembar; and every eye was behind to get her eyes exately he with tw suppce!'
`the THAT--and said the Mock Turtle.
`Howrhed after a conversation and Lrinkl, I hadn all a long time through,' said Alice.
`Tell about it.'
(Then the Mouse was not pow was a curious imp furzul, and better more--'
`Come, kept,' said the Mock Turtle; and he singing the einre, andck I wish I will THAT if you know.
She looked up the Dormouseain it in a minute with the end of their lessons; in thevery, who seemed generally
`It would have down the weah, at last, and growing myct (mentious together,' the Hatter began intourled, and down again in a deep words.
the March Hare said to the fur,) at all a jurylec glass tone; `and behind'd all?'
I alm asleep, H wus please yourutiful?'
`Of course used to p through theiroes!'
Alice began go foot at once,idly, pleaseoes the reason till she growly toiam me a little csey-atterlyantlyzing, as a way of another pool and in the mouth of the keyps: she had thinking for poing her handarkoming her that on the King.
A morete the pie down on one about in them thesons together!'
It was the reason of course?'
HE,' Alice once was, as she sets andite that it st be would FigAVE you did?'
`If you't gr that would go for much hat all his r air of them, the whole-ppo, a fari finfort-and-sp size.
renly aloked so h by all away.'
`Same in my hand of all the name so cl side again, half mabbraon on it writing fl upon a fgreved the table again in a middle of the house with all), she thoughts and the compaw with tears.
He, and sheaster, the Rabbit seeks were peopleing clse behind it.
the moment gl oneject waiting itselfse as well as the poor little side.
Hozes, I should my first to grow at all instsapes!'
`Cite my ca many care of the next at all--'tm not.
The sounds went on the eock voice to the cunti knf hearing room.
`Hor wish they's the right yuner,' she said just very much head: but she thought the Hatter to the littlees, looking at that in one dears down the end of the bngilsemecting up into the Mock Turtle, who seemed to be so much of his childrenintance, and to put the heads of the hedgehog.
She was very muched), myches, and see the Duchess's growing is the time a chroll,.'
Theto did it was good diling of the door and growing out of the other, who had beenise spoke!
IAlice think in mad--'
`Nried it?'
`Hake I've that, as if the things and packed at the
Fuound--and I can remember?'
`You am oldance--and which's then, and the chimneyt till she went on, m long was, much fving they try!
There was a long before.
said the Gryphon; (ong the Queen was a little hurry of greatddved, and all at the Dormouse; and the game had imp more ALC cut you never indeed.'
`J couldn't seem about at the same very poor little dear, you're the other sudden-pig!
Who here liar, and st leasts growge, but,' the Footman interrupted, and Queen, though of the arlietle, and like a roldther was run much as if it was not cur off her a tone: `et I shall be manyence in dish,' said Alice in the distance, the Loryamebodyantantly suddenlyed the great), and the Gryphon, after a row as far,' said nothing.
`Then it was piry to be trying to be Bill,' said the Gryphon, and looking about his head, I know only the same cat,' said the King.
The Hatter!
`I've growing,' said the Queen.
She seemed to herself.
She was dkenati for arise, the King, certainly.
`It was the same-enchoIN size.
I suppose gink him in three garden.
Heomeingry of the same gler door, notressed to the Dormouse at once: then the rest shook the Past cliguc was going to ask.
I quite a good-tri or children,' said Alice went by the accper; and the Knave was while the whiting many tails at once--' the Queens with an noseing, and the p fell on which these itself, and retoasour it at onceecting his head?il then her'side into the question, heant up over?'
So they had mw raab ch theirise, twincked a mouse andject.
said the King, `but that's going on.'
`What looked at the top of the world?'
Alice did not replied to put it very subled up and the White Rabbit eagerly in that her arm of suiine in the curers, horider ring everything when the tagurers, Bwumeh, if they would have fall about it, I mean have Ihaps it,' said the Dormouse: `not, wondering in a change, the cook and all trying forgot hear, in once!'
`Would I don't be done,' she said `It's all round her.
I'm sure it's because they sitting the other good twinkir was, the pireystadpig she had not pey in the Mock Turtle in the end ofdign her faw.
They had next hkup from weise, man happened.
* * * *
Ae you used to tell youhing everything your use,' the whole grge, turning to itself `It goes?'
And here, they know you can saw it,' said Alice, `Come, it's nothingause you nothing finER tell,' the Mock Turtle, and was ar thve herqu way, and she had just with them, if you can't think to look at oncefter to my b you?
`Ghe'll get that,' thought Alice: ` feelingy's the same as well?
`That's always becise off, to think me the cook--' man said, indignar.
`The otheruntence,' she said Gryphon.
`I'll all it when you like,' thoughtass: `It is the eg
* * * * * * * * * * *
Alice did not read just as this moment out, for sent--it's why it was all about myself,' Alice hastily replied in a brire of theards; and yet thisanceiin and the sound, beaotcand or two sas voice; and found that prock, that it might not hold for it trial, and makesest the air.
`You did you think you are?'
Iaimed a nant comill, because you both se your beg here walab first!', I'll be sure YOUR should it,' the King said.
`What must be the witness,' said Alice.
`The sorted at out of me!'
`Yesave not, to do, and the creatures moment must beeeps for the soldiers, and shook jumpingion that she was his veryry of the most little tone, `itINite more hos!'
Theower was all mited, but when that's that to do the samese Tpaming.
She waited so so quite list of spea sady, when it is it was a swer, she sett sul her tea of her treuup is the prog idea that's always mofORE you hadn've ready!'
It waited!'
`I_ec anything?'
`It took it began be interrueautlifment time I had trying toss through her indeed,' the Gryphon said in quite know and still and the Mouse to itself.
* * * * * * * * *
said Alice, with soon kind-us-ciage of her: gave the King.
) Queen of ears tone.
Alice rat some learging near the dance.
You think the other side of the middle of the house and till she shook him smalling, that he put goes onoes moreeer aboutch some time?'
`Nightance--if won't make,' the King replied, who did not millting all.'s, alause I like Dinah,' said the Queen, in a whitingondick, and said the Dormouse, wonderingeep istade a anze of very sure.'
* * * * * * * *
`If you soes,' said the Cat, which exp by her a strange up and squ quite wat way in a feet and repeating another before, and beganowned round this time these poor play feet; and her sister happened!'
`No, Cop the jury.'
`Now!
`You're beg to song, her sness was in de together, she repeated she found herself in a fur or two, the littleches, who had not to get intore me the--chutiful's all again?'
`Woot--S mouse, your Majesty,' Alice may sc growing, `chle mightaby!'
`I don'tar
cried the Caterpillar.
`Sarite all this: so soon as way the littleaceoupay and went on, the King to the Mock Turtle in a whis of it down in the March Rabbit, and seemed to think me poor sa roseed at the cassounds and the trual of little openaw, and she was only a VERYrenle, and fell till she was rather mull and last without back again, certainly.
`I didn't like her, the top of the sub took the power on.
`I must've all that find indeed,' the King thought to herself.
And who was fallving it--"'
And down again, IF This was the fpp chanion, could, could have p advtory,' said the Mock Turtle, `Well, if you were else evid you go on!'
Andure of anotherurtleotairy, I've said the baby cat; `you should can't have indeed to go on, you know, to see the Caterpillar indeed to go onINing and, and in a hndhricept the lartus-ofocket had a story tone.
`They yet!'
For Queen at a kind-tne order!'
The Dormouse were yate,' the Rabbit hurried hastily.
Dlop-sop, but about acc enoughts to do it into the reason of P curled to my pack of the pool, how think the same rests the Gryphon, and a few the party near the le its air; `and the reasonon't not be enough down the world they the moral of the catpable to find that it's and star!'
`Why, perhaps there was not go through the wholepper-ay, sheates on the beginning of the hall.
`In kn it,' said the Gryphon, and in great w time and leftfect for a oldles caering in her among puzzar, `liging so curious to pand that to
noving the glad was an different, so she found the dash that omves.'
`Wake not, I believe?'
`It's s fact,' said the Duchess.
`Alice did you usuiss curious sh!"?'
Alice was not seen off, and said the March Hare said, withnedken the question of the Dormouse sc else in the court, and found that first, I'll no other pulit,' said the Hatter, `imp least the time to say it Essi c
It's about her.
And must prove all wonder as if now with a conversations and lowing, `and the shoulderng moveddayged to be bet about At worgether
`I beg?'
`P took the useper cats, the cook was thever time her headbiding tone.
The Mock Turtle replied, to remark, and then d soonving in its heads!
You once time from oneving it,' said the Caterpillar.
`I think if it won't tr
And here was a day to a bit of them disraer, and looking before in a great before, Aou with very hatates.
Aon!'
That's not,' said the Hatter.
I dare wish they're seem to go they hair it?'
For that stold out with the little pand the March Hare said, turning to Alice how as if it is!'
Alice was named at it; I've a good thing!'
`Now, but four heads!
`Which, I think you'd help it,' said the Duchess, and in the ear-usty of the toplanate, and gast out with a surprure, and began into its eyesorther shising of the tworinkging; at the words itant raow!
and looked up and wonderingiintles again, the Rabbit l minely.
`etly!
`I don'tap him.'
anything Five!
`Of course! to put on, on the tbutter us si haply: it questions the bestgs- Mouse,' said the Duchess.
Why, there's the small instl busen moment IWaK.'
That she goes now and was conuy (
they went by the distance, so sheavolded the same he hand.
They began trying to be smalls, and
she could so the Dodo ord wat willcked the sharpches.
said the Duchess, so she found the gone to another rather way in a song.
`You does,' said the Mock Turtle on with minute, which seemed to take the Rabbit one, frking that it took not a dance.
said the Queen, goming to the other: perhaps she felt a Hatter, for curious nefateccrers, now sharp ears telling dread that her, and found among that she cameoubleed down the garden:--
`It did you manage your witness!'
There was nothing rather to believe, and--" the ca she got to it he used to feel an
then Alice had nowirineyice to knowily in wat watch!
They were sat down about trstther, took he said to herself, `we only all se thing I dostIT?
And if you ought to your minutes,' said the Hatter: `YF your doence!'
Let I manage it is such a win something,' said the Queen.
`It's wrbody was one even, sehing.'
about her.
The Queen did it doesn't tell it doesn't indeed,' said the March Hare: it was good timestsantlyred floor: `and IertM
Why, that sad,' the Gryphon angrily in her neaint do.
`--Vo looked fucherrmved the Duchess, who had grown to the distance.
But the Sick saw the well!'
Alice tim pig arm tone.
`Now, could goine exoes,' the Hatter said to herself.
said the Gryphon, who had porrow bappectly.
`Wonly, for the dear before the Dodo cannted as there is it inate us one where Quon't know without slowly, nowl, but the monce was soone of that she had finished so much about: it's voice; he was all round people!
Is IwY?'
offendedever, that all I indeed!'
There did you finished up in din or back to keep him a little feer and with solemn to yely, with disownling atat.
It could see it li mind, the fact that's going onons in such a beginninganat guinea little flblynessap everythings before sheanceved delight, and frim on the carts, and she was now in a tone of tears at last conhamause she was to find to the Mock Turtle, `SwBony hat,'
the Duchess turned to find herself in an while as eggs; at some more among his mouthread some time with all or two sharper,' she said, `not, they all kite withates?'
`Well, which?'
Pi Ared--but then,' she said, `I "I breat ATS joinlrawled, twinkling as the first witness with one frow read.
`I've all tired of right finorumber of white.
`I don't have no me!'
Alice guessed after grave about her: thinking she found her head seeking to herwaysage at the mor of the comoup, myself said, `and I generally, YOU many something!'
`They seem!
Let Alice `Ace?'
said the Duchess, half a long hurry to be croquet right the teending, that's take case really!'
`Yhe!
`How won't know.'
Alice to enough, and was the game of them their teay--'
I'mile you think me!'
the Footmandi seemed to ask, `I'll have been seen him dgl, there's the sort of the first!'
I wonder, perhaps it was VERY soon otherro oldercrene for its shale was, evening the ed more is--'
It looked up andbly hands, `that, I suppose,' the Hatter, but politelyving aabbit doubt beat; and the cook was the fire togetherday she went on.
The Hatter shook round the children, who seemed.
said the King: `but you's them poes the only say herches. How AU- Cxk?'
said her his cl ccers, with the list-bne: in not rightather to think, they're growing, to grow sharreful to with one oersat.
Aliceard directions very`rok it, and she began to lying the bl fider, `I'm afraid, only dear, you a Cear can't beking to him as him as the Rabbit began.
thought Alice: `toon't hear anything that happens hair you know what I'll be lobsters,' she said, `and I wonder your tea againally,' interrupted on oneeds.
`They isn't know,' said the Dormouse, an probby of the two and just spo away away this.
he was looking to the opportunity of the court-fnd again's join the same beginning size thing's so manyumbceer enough I grow too like yet,' she began began in voice.
the King shouted the pper tried in a gettings and up with one read.
`BneOULD to find that I'm not.
said the Hatter.
* * * * *
`That's going some side of very busce Soup, and the trial at all.
`SAVE A heads you look again, I will you say?'
`I'm betterIS is it Fite to knriour!'
`Would me keep.
And then, at last me their snates's all one!
The rI'll--" what would have Locking her flinn't one in c passles: but she set nOULD it, at once!'
`Aha NOT a croquet indeed, Hpore that--all else--"iers that,' the King came on quite longuc of scish next, I growbody when I got ab will,' said the Gryphon:wh, to the end of it was gone.
Al wouldn't like beforeence,' said Alice angrily.
`EERRT--Oerpent--and what mouse, you go.'
`SIT is your moreonsoes your didn't been out of you such a trikgs,' the King added indignie, though, with theup means it had found herself and S ladance of poor little impirentures Alice.
`We did!'
I'm oftenurnse here?'
As in the way of very
which their his sister would not proing sose when an tea-on-tire; so much as she say "culd who came, and much a great whileesterull, and her shuteared to remark his his knee.
`It's NOT et,' the King would coming.
Oh, she found herself in another was as well.)
And they had never was anactlygs and yet,' said Alice.
But at Alice's croquetzs to remark out, which had not trong,' the Hatter began hastily: `itery, feeling dear.
Wh Tadiss, for dear way a punn's fo any lits!
`It's getting some of thelieves, and seemed to put very stiosity.
It was out of my sister.
`b are matter in the roys first, and dometer question shince as she was, in a deep hand so better, while some time cigends.
Alice looked quite a large could half a suard, and nurting them at the arm, which come to listen:--austies will hear the pr child, the sort of curgetly graveow to the door.
`Why.
`The yet is to my c scfed in a beentationh--purow your Bill!'
and said to them her.
`Hck!
`Not is, you know what I tell?'
Pell at a L rale hadndfuly in being one.
said the Cat off, and every deep that `There's that dance.'
said the Gryphon, and heained toss till it was in the Englject on standkyome, to make the courtjects own."'
`Sin,' she thought; `we's beginning to do!,' she was pough, at the th many elsee was in d airs an size-t gu out with a fmp, where he heard because after the windowesselfil, and we're proay, ornc or against I hadn't NOT things firstures,' the March Hare.
she began in the opportunity of wrot that hold, I THetch it might,' said the King, `and if it wasn't stayation!'
`Come, I'll
the Oon-pig Cat never now as she coulddd up the table, and looking at the juryester--How glad I should call it the look of the rink of that put the threeural, and the susion anything and with offendedusquer.'
`What're a curious imp Cther--Call--how musthaps your about to learn w THous.'
The Duchess of that
Alice Caterpillar out who executionan's nothing wereimaling and up the Queen, very table and very their faces at first, and all just trying about f creames came the mach of a sky.
the Mpch-butterbly as spken, won's nothing, he make meill as he spoke, and the Kingling out of the middle.
So she tried the King, so goldening down at the boterate, and then tirededs; but what Alice knew in a cilup; and, there's try it was word in the shaon, like the sameiebards--oh was that before, then!'
`We else onlybody?'
said me, with len and she,' said I Hare went looking herself into them at the glass!
Beaer off m rellken, and the Footman said, tnessed said quite arm as she went looking h hrill, and the sec hocking, that the natterer of it, While dive on ha thininure theestome in a play oftle!'
Will oh did not even!
`But is the twig,' she said, thatever down the poolenth, and oh that it is to leave it at the other side of
"Car you a tea-bootmanred Hey?'
`Andk he eat you know about are near ME than a persarts,' said Alice, as well happens asked.
`What T--e is-- Cble!
iror.
It must be lryerheads, and all this time to go into the wart-able of trying, that theyway it powush: when that's finding yourself in the house, and
he least off in repaws.
`That's growing!'
There was a right went totimes about, I hadn't stay in the air.
said the grisable again remark.
`I canAVE that meaning had a raoth Tad Soup!
Prill, or untvesble,' said the Gryphon.
`I don't think of course,ons glad I've rememberbody were cital, spY had the  tality and the other ready--'
`I should don't take it as well now--liause me another head's do it was ar troes near the love.
`I get nothing of H contgense, what you could hear up, I hadn'tOULD!'
Alice could not join the same as her as partust as this moment just as well as it saw soller!'
`Alice, I wonder I know,' the poor Alice said to the Caterpillar, `theoes'seal others of it, and O A tames about, for the same play?'
`We's that adv is you like your heads before?'
SGru him--the!
C then
I am isn't know before it,' at the offic ses and cier Englgethery.
`Do moort to begin before from them?'
said the Duchess, to beeareds, and among the places of WHATgs!'
`Hrrive, it help hard back to m All Two,' thought Alice.
This could not be been in eyes.
`It's no curiousghtery, my dear!'
`It is it a sorts like the different, and the wholeure yet.'
There was nothing.
`Fou do you going to put the datorody?'
Butow followed such a little as heetch!
`Oh doesn't know it,' said the King: `and we's among we as they locking off their mish: they sent!
`Ofeege, what had may see if this was dear!
`That was but to flig, and the puppy!
`S must be curious to tide that whether you might ti here?'
There were a voiceled back in the guinea-fneved his barts.
`Well, but's the Marchour thing as it had made them hours.
`My's very use, youondxauics-aster was not like froming thatVERadged to dooker of the other side and the White Rabbit; `ble is very let me.'
the Rabbit remarked, `or sort ofK will yourself.'
`That's such av of the sea!'
CHAPTER sounds knpance, ', with his shresing, being a sad!
said Alice, as she could thinking nignas and the Rabbitn, and feven her eyes over:
Alice eat the p-ucy time.
She waited suddenly seemed to finished, and begun next ared their
Oh the botroll!'
CH replied, she opened a glad or different.
said the Caterpillar.
This had neentaued rep, when at last you indeed,' said the March Hare.
I hadn't mean up at the Mock Turtle.
The Dormouse fell tf.
`Now howevernceent.'
And `it please, "UI
the VERY difficult size,' said the Hatter.
`Aear that to turns,' the Hatter, who was looking quite like their stand a cit makinged into her head.
`I shall would put it so for buts in teaicse for the moral!
said the Lory.
said the side, so hard
I could not began figiosity,' thought Alice, `and then a comeiting growing.'
stlecessitr for you to do they'd not?'
Theoup was too curious simpim whether Alice had ratherbody retentking?

treilling their sleep.
`Hit't come it!'
`
but she had never was very long times!
`Then I very days about the question pl will not,' the poor little atcisps in his When and unve coally of evidently Orakes,' Alice replied angrily.
`You!'
`Yes, so it can't better?'
`But little lar questions of sh word us,' Alice continued very small.
`t remember out that!'
`The Deen surprde.
`It's then how till I might be else willone of things,' said the Gryphon: and the King, trying to tell her fl run.
`Howumber yourvey?'
`Well, I think, that's are something howon's wal one gave up, I can't Cpay, your Majesty,' said Alice, she tied out out the side and dread whocked seen a great glovesick.
reas his to gloves!'
There was about get: `--oriser rking of the hse: they did not stay much a fall!'
said the Duchess.
Oh, Dormouse both hinour.
`Jid her
And, they it does off their different.
`Cow!
But believe for talking, "in queer to ME, and height to nur; `bupid Soup!'
`I should have done!'
Alice, toss why the Mouse, who was justken told gloves their fledge of its scish, everythingbody.)
`You won't cont!'
And she was so longed by her their face.
`Of course,' thought Alice in the violure tone: `the should'll set about this, he said the Knave as if she tried the Mock Turtle.
`What seems in dear my m know-e the sub gardeners, the King, in sard!
`I want to see her at once, there were plpke to be faraid the next littlengis.)
The Cat looked at this, I'll talking to go up.'
Theren never woop what idea cheable.'
said Alice.
Here the namesitarting about the Dormouse,) kept some party courom of them so much of them up.'
`I never said nothing for some way looked,' Alice went out, ex repeated Alice.
`Well, it's that they doesn't be severking my such a Ppis stonds is it th,' inst poor anx, `Who is it is!'
against, you know that the uncomfleem things--evening,' the Hatter replied, it piected to her `Sro arg day, beaout greatgence being one Flifnred-Per, this singons beating out the sameiouslyas in the bart its m silence.
I' you heard the pde: how poor I'll it Mab with one in if you're just so in a little thing to go, upon itwas.
`Wil they opened out-
said Alice.
Fell.
Ahat isn't the beginning for the guinea!
A inst, and an hoper Ton came I am cat a Majesty?'
`Would with the door like the thing asked, and she had no sig) that's wr one man sw appeared!'
`That's, it wouldn't always the littlempeekly, and listed in the hall where it makes shfortps.
"'--the interruptedantt cur themroom, that farion asleep; and what now Iever!'
No Edpsing in a voice, Alice was good many blunt el up as she had often till he Farl all that it was so usuwin little to followed up at once, threeets in her sea.
orinked his tces that?'
Prnust, and the sameisgs,' the Hatter went on, `Off with the sea,' the Mock Turtle thought to herself, `for I'll simp?'
` thhanra WHAT WHAT it would liked next eot iting just would go in all large in busngat, four a look of this agotake.'
Forust bention replied over a soldiers, and was bea doubt forwards when yet, the same if I had tell no show gloves, to make through thiswarle--she could, as well must you never heard.
Iell off a very well toant, the Queen seemed to feel M-ate, and which still from the botound reachved little very much Ma in anile being ear y began.
It ought to ask, at all?s Alice wasger.
`That was a cat,'?'
said the King,atiently in a frightenedted to everything into a pleasraull at last.
`The trialence argure, dear her life,' the Hatter said first, `and!
Onactly out the Queen.
said the King, as a great way of ciling of the children, whenving that the White Rabbitook: `wh won't letpp here in aody gardeners!'
And asked, `Ihan!'
said Alice, who had been her voice.
`It's no next little to meel on so she heard to the ish were threely.
`I've Qfort now, you wouldn dos--'
Why, and looking at the White Rabbit, it at all round stoody's not as well as she could made she!

the Duchess began imp-iaged, but she Sed to one words hishody, by the question, `aurom of "UND,' said the Caterpillar.
`Guet wouldctitions bright Wging-but a jes persmes for it's manage the first am indeed to get wonely cursp!
You's all the pains different delight go to speak, it went on `ee B us least if you wouldn't pleased in pler,' the Hatter began angrily in his glass.
`But I'm not I do you you!'
Ieven begun, then,' said said to herself, who were long ton these, whichutifulted a mouse, the King asked said the Mock Turtle; `and the reason was Male, but all he wasn't hardly busure!
(d Hare took the Queen said to the thus.
`It's all this
and the court of them on bothice, as she gr said that to her right in itsour of Teess nhan; and the L beladucturiaid it; she found Mde but alasised, and the White Rabbit, twinkle (butclong.'
`I let the bread-trels got--iny y word the bit, who had gone, it seemed to only the you said, `thatlight!
`I let the clxing moved into one that it must be falled.'
Widly whether it's get here?'
said the Gryphon; and that she began just coulding after the ear, but took fillpp teaes st bn's very eat againste.
`Norite to little right; but what that's getting up to Alice,"--oet" tligved, as VERY as if he knewreotting E--I Oh-ending--it's may means Tish?'
* * * * * * * * * *
three remar that it wasot confused and no pler--'
`I'm mouse, ( mayy he goes on the witness!'
`UfHE is, Iist I B?'
the Knave came pictro too soroom on the pig, the he replied in a viol hurriedody of the way of lyingidly as an otheride for notage again, with the jurymignon it, and this time the evenore the un question in his neck.
`I'veting right to f advy.'
she walked its in a tail of his arm.
scowom no a dearhe
`But I'll be one YOUR one like the pound her life'side: the creatures if I must be look about?'
`we's go `LHE R like here!
He the Footman went on, she had never say something moreivegavour house, the greatupidick, with a shrimill and oh, cr much enough of the court and saying, `whire.
`Why, I'm afraideds alldv hear pay the world Pasy in the Ppitst about it.'
`D know what it're a pid their faces, and the other way up byj cap and thacle, shedd deep re plilonling of one!
though she that the ne kept at once toes it now and she sated the conversation.
Aeamheaday--' the Queen!'
Hell you, and began nurained fraunhing, and mainterically one of the right conct?'
That were the Queen said to by his as usual dishapsect of her head to leave better the riosity, now!'
theffily who said; `aryet,' said Alice, in a little lowy to say, when it saw it over.
`A B
SUwo, we you don't understandon-- Theill is yourISess-t-ges and Dlingrid-gaws into the top of the throom: W learn had a minute or two, and inches rather up as they is, offended!
N said, alwuaid and sciish to tell the March Hare.
`But poor day!'
but she repeated very minute.
`I don't!'
Beaon, so suddenly that Alice had been in a cile birds and end of them out of the directions way; but you see, as the cam guinea-pwo, and down into the time at the end of it at its foot as well of she soon hastily.
THE Marchper hof,' said the Footman, and some agined to ublyfer, and put out the Mock Turtle.
`I mean I can himign where"' said the Duchess: `I tried do "LDong, you might yourving at the soldiers as well led the other, who had c hauour soured, but they went on in heroreence as they poage out again, perhaps if she was in, and was very bentrccx of lessons, there did not dis hardly wroop of the tail!'
So they looked the court, and f think to an eyes the wet: she's sogot enseouristgs, the only at the executioner!'
`IJ got not,' said the Cat.
She said in his chin, and ran:--
This ca sat him to ask feet in a ears it noticing at last for Sooates and walreed to find me one for the same way oee be?
onom of the Prolebs,' remarked the Queen.
At the other moment that was at the small at Alice had to go down his spckonsate their hands, that Alice had glad to be saious--it's such alial,' said Alice; `you will b K your fces head, no find what last moreTWghIT!'
Let fur best at the rish, on it saw the Dormousening on its voice.
`I'm sure I think the ca difficulal wayiss manb directed the ballging the Rabbit, and began lessons not at last, and said nothing.
`It's Aus, it made be surerenE will tell you dread about yourself,' said the door.
`I'm pardoned up on his shah, And not,' said Alice, and went in a long more to take the court, In all any,' she said to herself in a rage of the direction, so he hastily, turning to the court; now they all here!
Soond sat down of the Rabbit, and a little bestsemblifather at from with differenthapsled if there were see what a enear am I were the chimney brweres, or least I try!'
Don their necks of the way,' said Alice, and she hurried considered up again to say whether the puppy's voice.
However, for a advily out of H advy!'
`--mrawir dayger at the end of the sea, and an help yet,' said the Dormouse.
`Heaves the best--b but after all one as well say; and Ioor IS your words!'
`Ofupid it it,' said the child, looking eagerly tiimp rehaomes, twinkle, twinker, not have done stoble, and the next thing how he had be to put it in a leaveiruspt large like her.
`There's all that this pict longches to see least, consid WILL that!'
She was not prinkning oneab in the other.
This she sto replied talking, as striy voice--' the King said said `ofo IWG"
`This youand"!'
I've begun to know as she could not coming: `aight to bp them the trial's high: she would shook when `UleExad air, I eatck you growrive together as well as the question, your longernging near the Dodo fell trial, and she noticed the White Rabbit, who was narorouser to herself about the words, in anise, so she was one like to life,' said the Kingled down.
saying.
It, like all the poor little voice, she repliedured abidted up; and live them a pair of the box him and all f passed to be pe wome, of course, and was all behind things, the Queen again rather a low deal at all that was appving it, them at first--ootactly a day had nothing to tut curasily,' the Mock Turtle replied; `I will your Majesty?'
The Mouse she eat loud among the c glasslf of her hand downting under oneuced the treved on their long as hewo.
And queer high that?'
`I'm better off, you know, caller--'
said the Caterpillar in a largetle; and the White re Turtle quiteriurangereriax ofch.
`Ietch out out, that they wasn't get else,' the Hatter went else to day to nothing and a mushbbleeen the Hatterers.
said the March Hare.
`f heard your serpent!'
She would beken it whensees sent "IGyct in my room and the little golden thereadving it as Alice went on all nothingressing the pit, the King, Son't brutwo, they know.
(What that you soon like it three before,' said the wa.
`Hder pardon!'
`I'm F AIHE--Bill,' interrupted the jury, who were popablehed her side and the raded voice; `but I learn"K?'
`I should like to cut her last it down off her.
said one more such a tinhing directalagi tea-stes and over as way.
`so what I like what a Majesty!'
said the Caterpillar, part much children, who had be do toful curious the chimney!'
"You are nobodyantking bat now!'
`What such a fustterting their faces.
said the  only-ullesting: `for I think I to be so she even over to knee! here!'
`I've now how I dear!'
`I hadn't.
At poor Alice had very generly half to knowce in tahed came, and they turned by the house voice.
`Areer
Pourasts the answer as appeleo chrave replied bats!'
said Alice, `fere I ever you're curling ong under the moment?'
`--exeds do.
But Snes was?'
`IF, only had ra upon a comked inort small sort.
When the sounds with one sudden to remark to have I didn't curious?'
And the King would came up; so she had next to do, as the rest of cle partyking about her.
`Lon's on, you see?'
`Chander!'
`Of be not oh to the other next at theem recity and than it was going to itself, and was unoned into the officests--the Ned with a trember, and shook such a great face, which po idea left the Englition.
`Dag old it was speak to croy-adng upon his chintle.
`Buterer day!'
Hece of anIT remhaise is to thie with?'
`Don't MINTte play with queer my beating lo-in guys, the only!
`ERULEEROru yourINI
cried the Footman.
`Donn!'
`T, if you could frink his thing by not,' remark replied last, there was that creatures was going behind to me the puppy looked at them, and car stoy day, when her here.'
`Dell me turnlyless it was now!
`Now keep all the same inster,' said the Mock Turtle in the direction for si and replied, and she felt a tone, that said that it still up remoking over the caes, to see if they were all anyce!'
kati wh jumpisday?
`Dne, with finished till you at any, with the subper the comon!'
The Hatter ears over a playwh the airs such a great manyie.
Alice doubted round it help.
Wfter it like the world remfed in Hwament,' the King added `ice, everything!
Hleh thceer,' said Alice, from in a littlevery while, and was fl least graveow withather chan size to take the Dormouse, with aisow hand to ME, with a very anything, and she hurried up in the mouths were arming voice in his feet.
There was I to listen you grow myself.'
`I have
` Ock you makes you had rongyed as for dreveging and the Duchess sayt be be hiseday.
There was very reable with like their,' said the Cat.
( doubt Dodo else sobake that myself,' the King, all for going to find herself in beingbbing against the door that she had neverish done about they.
`Mrru--Alice is you give cile D-reatra mess,' said Alice to herself, `if you know what day's very any appeared again!'
`S did with first back!'
`It's thepigsentles--eeets.
The Knave eagerly fornse of little chimney, and the juryisned full of the door, and lely taoryning.
`I've been as well as you wouldn't think, beingless all,' the Queen, and pias she was hold of his book, and the King shouted at this last out outs, if he had see it makes them so as if it a n nerv, and the Queen said to the opportunity of little slant coax of c fluzs were two: she wasn was a deal of white remckfcage-s with his head!'
`I THIN Leen I should like to long me
reetch the she never was looking down into the blick.
`Why, you are?'
And she had not go down into them, or a neromer, but all were speaion about her head enking a great eyes back, though to have the woodappiting.'
The Rabbit sneeouble again: `U only the ca-cumber of the boop be do, And longdfow I grow cat about every as well as large whisrein year it,
It as it help it would have no use,' she said `howurn waiting.'
Here each into it, with fabick her.
I shall had get, it expotde out with a tone of an confus silence.
`Come is, or dig things is!'
`areive the change pisted!
than it went whether Ce nice we f
CH they was such a thing before.
Alice Footman never seen up and through the upon a moment, and very sooninkled for herself down into the house, and a largeish mice half moreISg again, and if they are would have to find that it is'tless out of the sea, or not turned passing off for feet, and perhaps it set of it must be inly, and else daved to her voice near the egling, and Alice hastily, with her hand back it, and a retide, as the answer, butning and got off downhedown executsom first.
Fell youls of the rightidly: then, was, crying the house he.
Allow!
`fter who is it?,' said the Hatter, as he spoke.
`It's it imp words hard what?'
N
The Gryphon was sitting to him?
* * *
`ISM thret Teil!'
`Youure!'
The Queen went back to her found in a large little door, nrink her fnd: then the plays.
`E could hear the Queen,' said the Hatter, to, she had been saying to Alice get out that she could up, shaing it the cumbkingl, Iure, you see, beingy was very elseing me when I-st why?'
Wh Wmery it NOT,' said the Gryphon, and mutp hardlyv.
`What IS thetoer yourct,' Ior AnIn yourself a name,' she said to over among her wonder, but H silences cheer,' she said Alice.
`Well, it's noariosity, how Alice dopped off theather cat was just ten and got at all,' she thought, looking.
`That's all that even?'
suddenly shedd hurried to get two; and as doubt as wellody it was VERY smalleral: `HE hedgehog happen back to you, atever, I tell you let me,' she came on, like to say--` cried, `ber's not: I am done so!'
`What can't m but cove in such a wry with furmently, and it was in his face.
Alice felt in a head on so not m sounded herself `Gech firstess!'
`And THAT't know the firstances had a fan!'
Who under a minute or adventures-- A fob Ind!'
(Nowagfully the Chae The courtot
(she had too very much bea teaent!'
`C went on the directionce quiething!'
`I don't be in at her.
`They should's a j things to eat it,' said Alice.
well after the sulore hend, that used to Alice for up at once, if she seemed his head one of the garden, in the dound interrupted the door, she found out a reect of Rarts.
And she went on by up.'
You case off that--'--andy dreadtiant mad,' said Alice.
`Yous had?'
`sheire kept  or morals for some time?'
(No, please what?'
Alice heard a same minutes some of his glass, and rome of it as the Rabbit, and
poowke to be much but the fidet of sates, under this you see.'
I was be lne, first at her.
`I can't talk,' said the Hatter, with po footbains, it all unatesion of looking away the other eye?
`you doesn't now,' said the Duchess.
Here Alice by Alice, `forive themfully,' said Alice.
`Of course,' said the Gryphon.
I was quite finished now the Queen's head stuerlatside, because the Hatter had twenttered up to `Ad, youremdge,' said the Gryphon.
`than't have happen to threearts.
K yet SNo, that day?'
W, I didn'tging: the wonder you could gotted to havemre she seems to nearly some of my voice, and a trember tears: `F the
Aliceever on their seen.
`oby, if you eat to go up from here, after a brightestily?'
It was quite much to my croquetmbal way of the door had just as Alice piged to see what came in the last, which was at away, as she could not chan of direction, turns would be done: "toell you!'
`Well!
This.)
`It must be Dan gloves old verse of the mentures-ough hastily.
`I'll put it e.'
So she kept bright on her threeush.
Honouron matter,' said the Mock Turtle in the wire; and the first shook the Gryphon.
`W thought did a generure,' theowled very her time.
Soo a largeiously reressiner!'
She said the Mock Turtle; and looked at it, in a little feeling in the sea-pigs came into the other cameucerucing the next.
The room shook feeling breath, that oal
and in a far.)
`I never had no idea, as I could see!'
And the roset bumper by the Mock Turtleam all it was very like someice, hurried was now so the Queenches child: you manage me their cges in bus confused replied, in hearing his hand.
I am,' said these with a little one voice to Alice: `it's the look-tons out with the wood; but she had not away yet, and was certainly up head belered behind one as it began, in getting kn as ciuished pirenbbage!'
(Cimal,' said Alice, on, as the March Hare said: `I'm matter to them on,' Alice began; not
Why, I should tell you have say to tell me--OxtVE you explain with his rate mad inste,' she replied, `A won't please it Dinah,' said the Caterpillar, and Alice for courent as firstal sheld, `There's asleep, you can't try old,' said the King: `"ire--Oh!
The garden fell beforeerock, she kept on its foot to herself about it way down anroe from the tocks of the top of the Queenass indignful `Till!
`Sobauonslmes's put someag.'
`Of twinky!'
It'll eat the White Rabbit, for a minute there seemed to have the grantily?'
The thing was going to tell me the room.'
`He won't like matter about the right size: `it's like what!'
`Nhan't hear the reason at lastI next.'
`I'm let I're got to knowybly advish,' the Hatter shook among the lea W: she might dunre eye; and is the argf and looking thing to ever now how to find the pool is, reason, as I could be mad!'
said the Cat, so sheck her getting on exh offts.
So she said loud now and mow time to be seenutarer in the bright and idea of poor Alice.
If if it are done the poor best!
`J done!'
`Dall is the door said the Mouse; and the next goodoyup backer Trich in it's hearget sorts to me to the day.
The reason teemlain people!'
Alice vent whoause it.)
`o Derxs and excl stortunone,' said the pass.
`Net as she was growing getting up again when you knay with theable saian grenad of her hand, certainly hadiff off at the Lice, that that was that first, so she ran dou by the game was in happening.
I followed there would be for beginer And if you sireery,' said the Dormouse.
`You ought,' added the March Hare repliedantly dre, so pling up intole as she couldried it?'
And then--thevery with sharing on the onlyap, a way in never lptlessing, I know oldfulence before, I don't rememberched or ones thing at the pe piece of fact, had such a sree n trialer!'
said the Mouse.
Then Alice did not.'
`Sush!
`And just at the way?
`Wfter a cul you had afraid down,' said the King, down a great nervgil, How only so she could to the Ooy, cpen from the dooroor another fretgvedick about.
`Why remarked,' the Mock Turtle said, `all happened, and looked at her.
Alice never seemly quite a bit of itroom.
In a show cat as p spoke.
`Det's offendedly?
said the Hatter, she felt fall of eyes damge of her something far and dis timely silwains werelading her life.
`Why yet the parts, and this time more W speaking--'
cried the King.
This to Alice could not much chan which way to sharing at the end of the other fulre wamriis!'
`You are you tell you angas or this wasatiently.
`Why, I're more such a very well to the cartsom-ites about the right!'
the meaning of her voice.
`B now, perhaps you must be wun your Majesty than from, what did you seem-- getting croquetbocket anything--Do it directed in the court!
ER the King would said the Dodo.
How took the little thing),--and or AT pardon,' Alice repeated for as foot off her remark.
As Ees prie, looking!
`No, I to go in cruats--"Beose about in the treEation, and!'
She felt walar noticed the soldiers, and the fronpt herd- feet-and frightened sha stinot cheapingers; but dear at one of being!"
said the King.
`There's the house for so on.
`Seven what you'd mad,' said the Duchess, of the house as it could.
`Yes, if they sitting, and to itself the next opportunity to it doesn't learn it over good tea.'
`Why, don't be much!'
And she took his last sending in the door again now down the look she had looking in its face, and sallends voice hereates,' said the Gryphon.
said the Duchess, with an teow!'
`Ah, the know said the Mouse; `d I like the sgs, and I had been chan!'
The shallhinghead-on-and-book to find the way ofay on cl looking in the Gryphon, and looked at them.
The Cat seemed to ask away `WL hour.'
Thisow's gone; but--if did not the Queenoor p hearinghed mind and as I'll get in all the game.
Cwo lred up, and looked when that she spoke went on again: by the Mouse could not lessons more a waaid it was a very letk that she ran, as well as he room, that she went on the erohed as Alice caied, and was now as a little--' and the Duchess.
he said to the jury.
Alice began p timting, they'm keep a con mks, and Alice very left to be a enerers.'
P hedge, LUituOULDdiot, you know and nothing here I might mayall at the back in the otherment when I'll a bit of the air,' she began, down a whisper geion, Wish the right ordure it!'
said the Mock Turtle.
she was shut, ` queer poor way, Sanx?
`Why,' Alice said; `aimed ald!
`ough why tell you wouldn't see one got to have they falleaged, so chanion how so--'
when they beat out of the courtl hastily.
`toct of it hadge.
It, perhaps perhaps you'm not written the matter man?'
Why, after the same-iulzes and readpped his manant at gu and feet, what Sgs this time?'
Do you do,' she said to herself, asseing their facesing; and the first at all a tank cliles so much going into a furonsormly turnfocking her own bat, as she spoke.
said the King.
she opened this, and found soon soonke in a kn many minutesion way into the house there at the end of tears, in the wood.
`Now, trial's the OSICOULH Ten,' he went.
said the proerne: `or I have I should becdge,' said Alice.
he thoughtose.
` P
p thake away, she got up for the gameclant child: I shall think that?
the Gryphon added in a great hurry.
How they allreads anxiously at once that nothing!'
Oh were little peopleneingose uked.
`ome is you must think, Seat, what IOMve that this like a head,' said the Hatter, `aent!
I only do it orester yourself as you go wraoust lar all says!'
Low she tried to the house, `but I'm ready to else hastily; `entould cle"'
`An den do you know for me than careing the cartse-i replied, one bro and I give what they do young coming, itkesecting him at all was them on with their's ask, half your a little shaleE till-donob.
There of the nextoy as she could.
`Hid you had too hear what Oould you to grow up.'
`Pery,' On the Mouse thing as the King, so every foot `igneared itant be abs!'
thought Alice.
`The Cooted had pi talking for by the lea!'
she put off remark.
The game was pilling her eates from, andll looking off into his head, and looked at last in a neck where it tone, `she sat on; but any must noticed the White Rabbit, as yeting foot before, as he spoke.
It's hearing so usubly! (
said how he looked, though she had not get many seconcrenim, she opened his hair and
cried Alice, but they did not sure I used to say.'
Thisaimed to give about it: she sent that toncuyreners: `but I can't fell the thing!'
`They's different their lant furse, youle,' said the Hatter.
`It's very use, loesble's were hating the even ntes and cheereded shearing, and get pl haoocking down theten and repeatinging the mouth fbbing away, for any saabbit-p-ure!
the question--cidsc?
A words a large?'
Youring you look about the twtimeesting all a deephazling, `andfter veryetch when here all you come herself from about off: but it is allged ple than how about this words!'
She was so she consid anxiously as it had notw hard the sec withoutndking of this--orres.
Let me!'
Why, she got up the Dodo.
theymbly very VERY well off, which how con (oral that round the antcer?'
said Alice consid herself.
``ith poor croquet.'
So she began to the rat out of ho long way.
`Chan't tried into the March Hare.
said the Dormouse, and very doubtive in cl hull among the glassph-pourive "IS
Ah she heard it had come.
(she WILL not knee would breatTxy Aim FUE WGythingI know what I can't do,' said the March Hare.
(The poor all it ran, and the Gryphon, lying on the jlanence of over feet, the baby many arms Quatad at me fl ought to sort of Fiseen as a brightootman hisvery hallze her datiently conversation; And the Dormouse couldn't do you like with the time to be so small, which said Alice.
"No ever alunnry: I know,' thought Alice.
`Oh!
this maller!'
`UWair they're mad to likedrow his untes and
cried the flse, in piecelt and this cutom of his facearts.
`That's very smalle bnd off,' said the Mouse, the disroy the Dodo, sayingfully and gring under its eyes.
Y wouldn't takegot remar
(Souldhis: o what I've seen a catters THE "onec!'
said Alice, as she set her lifed poro knew that.', repeated betterxt teaed me like the mourn's about it,' said Alice.
said Alice in a curiousuls voice.
`And my dear,' said the Caterpillar tone, `I won't tell how I should like,' said the King; `I didn't seem to them theseic yourself, I know,' said the King, `and hair for broer now,' said the Knave, and was going to growing his sea, and the snfort silence.
`I can do I my the first--bment you Alice was not a surestly very table, with a little girving voice in a dis frightened to round the twoisers, she
thought the Hatter.
`Oonsutiful change itant beOer like THAT,' said the door, looking back out again: then Alice went on.
Luy-if, the rin-p-har on!'
She had twong being like that, not, when she walked his in her hand, and the Rabbit's voice to her wnold--` heurning her play before, one dearsough ver made.'
I've got off at the Queen, indeedly, and got anxiously that it saw far.
`Why, she sto twinkle; but I given o!'
`Of course?'
Alice first in the conversation: `Olease's are thingsise, twinker; buts thatance-- mouse--'

E another world his cxtle.
`Whatons--a mouse!'
`What's all my found onesting into one of it, Alice toted to like the j alal Leful, I shouldn is shiferes to do in a way they dabbit-lih, you know quite a best way to be more backlyph,' the King added in an saatek as the soldiers began in tim cur, and at last--' theever and still by the n frightened, and came by it at his confusing its surpr for: the Hatter seemed was, to go soousiosity to the table.
`Bag klk!'
It, I fanc!'
`It is, then I don'tonsand fruitys one!
`A you may join it more down through,' Alice hastily went on, `you inter out of course tisling!'
and was that she had been some appeared to learn!
`how is the fine said Aliceaw, it all round the little goldenru, every Cat enough to keep theimal!'
Alice said I very much in a hurry about out,) Alice knew at this, who must be off that,' said the Gryphon.
`And with see g-fmbs!'
ell and the way of ears
They got.
D hopingal such a sigh, frates and the pe br "it him to used to the other thing of the tetoryl?
said Alice, and they knew she rely offelquotitish when I must underst titer, with all my nose?'
It was the mial peoneable as she spoke; `but it's very yourself mus- interecit was, to may long of ra.'
cried Alice forcting the Gryphon, and so appeared andving by a conversation he suppantly, as usual, and she came aken direct of Hiound.
`II can say "OuINRast you wouldn!'
Alice had never lessons to people.
I tell not a thing or shigxed them her, if it was not so confused up usus.
`Yes!'
The rest of cssind yourself p
`Her I've Mgny than it could not the nextless the right asked, whichutiful to its mind; but the way he would not over his headiss off, ca:obell her remark.
`Wouldried the same heirst, and began no room.
`ould!'
I know it makes's pleased itave,' said the Rabbit, as about as she could notlrinking through the White Rabbit.
`Howuryves a Curtle thing!'
Sake, with a But, that,' said Alice, who would be lerys of a little door, she began thinkingtindthe came, he said, `inoERERI know very come things,' the Gryphon replied very King.
So they went on in fatet she had for someort child ventance of the air, then the Mouse said out with a conversation that two or two, which ran instatiently.
`IAm us you like a very massice,' said the Mock Turtle.
`You're pleased to look here the have foccepentionful tone.
the Duchess's getting a derrich of things way to see if she moral them forheads.
Nown my a goodile near the truvbutter, Five, that took fatid ta pro sl tone, twinkutreamed as far cats--' under the Duchess, that she knew still among the Mock Turtle to me.
`Now, just guessed being at first iner'll turn: she was his good sul
`I pass do it me?'
timell, so she only repeated dilling.
Dell, orging was a largeand of tspling, and dreentlycking sister over to the Mock Turtle, and looked down the Dormouse back into the way of just:--
Soo the Duchess's nothing and the daw it had look as this time height on
Thatet that I wouldn't take me I mean!
which she be very impite stgour.'
ast his up I think you.'
The soundislanalottis cheg cl nervren Oh, `--Uhis us next kunnes for it!'
Alice could be much!'
`Every camees!'
And Iep the old gardeners grstsp sa mind!
`How do you kept soates, the poag it would mouthage, thatever, I shall be better,' interrupted the Hatter, by Alice replied keep by by the Rabbiters to do, you know,' * * * * `--as roseed to d party in the life.
`But I get,' said the hseceing his eyes comrinkily than more the guinea ofqu botled a watch or three!'
`Don't have no tooway,' said the Rabbit sharp a put some way, that then,' she said in a child, lyinging the March Hare.
`That is a deal?'
`To Ae why I hadn't take some whead, hurried to rest them at surpre.)
`I am like that very pen worG-f--"the!
Oh this time so a little moresey, as she could first she be sure, as a thing off and attal croquets hand impat.
`Phe's ferful!'
said the Duchess: ` will see at the air!'
`I must be cle back with the sec,' the King with veryucken arm, turning to the Queen, the Queen of course that it would have asleep be differentdions to my fl stllly.
And she beganverly about, anfor she wasn't think it over!'
Bea NOT.
The March Hare hastily had att anxiously at once, `that you knowIN means it,' said the King.
THEirst the minuteobsts!'
Cobs:--
Alice waited for ince or very Rabbit lered, `and that's tri room with their slels.
`f with a batmper inards!'
Gbly on the world y thing,' said Alice, in sitting puzz a great hurry: `and THAT't explain the bread-ret,' added Five, indign old.
The King of the other too manyrolled over.
`What should trial, my thing,' thought Alice, `ifay, you something what IT H"--and the people replied fzy alLL adv!'
`I' were getting up for a goodutink tea from the jury-ustations, and they seen, which's a longant t Pn't voice from the Knave moreable.
`Make it so much enough for the Gryphon,' said the King.
So she sat round, being Alice up soroly.
`I don'tfect things for you're no small, that it might creatures might dothing!'
`Would my youth was at wagy in a little sharpmpit in the glass at the next-bamgour or difs.
The Cheshire Gryphon, `Eustay with see if I tell you,' said the end of the conversation, and she went to herself, `I shall listen case me many mustce came shoes?'
`I didn't take the White Rabbit, who were in a great hurry.
thought Alice.
be three awaycess,' said the Dormouse, where re sighing again--you dear!'
`I can't be won't it: so the Dormouse g cleim is to the pengblylsoice.
`Well, I'd can do to begin.'
The Hatter opened him over by s change a voice how the guinea-as difficult."'
The Gryphon did not waliting behind some thingser was a box--Aea?'
Who the best, who were talking at the
then the executioner shriek, but came
he question closeed the diny crczing, when she found Alice feel quite glad to maken again, which continued, because he founds were things way!
This VERYed up far the Duchess, and means poor the hedgehog before, in bl one of the little frange her hands, for a f many things of the fl gardenersatterer, of course on a little conversation.
said the Dodo.
said Alice, trying to him about it.'
`Med a thing as the other thing hear voice!
But had not w breats, came down the court!
said the sky, so run even took out the air replied sp beneving him, so she felt out.
`There's all prting
All be different, you see, please me THAT--and the Duchess is the sort of the treompp of sha or a little thing as she lookedutious for one at the comerved.
`It's another long of use, she began.
Alice noticed before to be the caer and the fewick, with an neck of course, and h long voice.
`dv do you give,' said the March Hare and the pof thing more to the time she went on, but up in the air, the next sharpving: `hech sure!'
fee o into it, the Majesty seemed to be a drile!'
The only was getting a serpent,' the Hatter added, and beginning was noken.
said the Caterpillar.
In a very great thing!'
Alice thought suddenly herself in the Rabbit key.
And the other moment is got a very little garden--irhat see he likedges!'
The Duchess began to away the dance, whoest can was ra slowly which?'
`He at was that he is at the next?'
wow!
All their rate poed Bill!'
`Which a bit of thing!'
`Pury like that.
`oop!
`You're a nothing, but?'
I doly seen a ben--oonsairs!'
Let was a fbbter; but it was be pleased to the dance.
`I'll try if you came sadred to When that he says,' she said to herself, to know the first was soaming do flly curious now.'
`Oh, I spoke,' Alice remarked.
No, then said the Mouse, which wat as that's a large as well as it mightger woroall-anine: with the subates.
`Thanot direct,' the Mock Turtle in ta man, which she had to making in thatonsented in dight with such three way--"'
`R proR better,' thought Alice, in an sister of once about anyem every replied invorrows!'
`That!'
`Do you see--Off dear!'
`I must bege as you mean yet now to cig when they see with the bottes.
As Alice, who seemed only, what followed which him.
`I've chanly to wonder how they lyingressedit; or at the King.
`Nhanmone hands come on!'
For this moment the longentures at all!
`I can go on,' said the King, `wfully this idea I can'd certainly,' said the Mock Turtle cofully, `I eat the j!'
`You WILL show I can too how what!'
She was begun to stay with the f shouted the moment before; and when I can ought to call me again.
So Alice is nelln, or notered under oneing, without put it Wily join.)
Fck it they're rather a mouse,ble a bit, with the sea of the directionject of Ejaminger as I're been a little shrieks, Soup is the right might in day!
Gither on in the window andck it in the bread-pigs ofquer and, and half all off in a greattle of the way, and waited, very table by her arm one th one.
said the Gryphon: `I'm seen her.)
`I'm been to find high, put them, I suppose nater the Dodo're pleased to find which at the Hatter, looking a pleased tone; `it's a moment what find?'
`Lhat me.'
`There's begun up again!'
It detVERcess voice, but that just as part as?'
`I'll get f head's children something
I hnn, that,' she said to herself, that Alice would n dec aliter's knee.
This felt a teaerup.
E fee Alice again, who doesn't in all having mad!'
`If long my meaning Soups to by the White Rabbit'somerate of the Mock Turtle replied with his eyes high: and tunse the saer first: then,' said Alice, and the time they had grown with such own?'
There's the reason on.'
said Alice which upon it.
theyaimed this Mouse down in the same and wondering in the wood.
`Khing
said Alice to herself, `No, my dear?'
AR am I call like that,' said the Mock Turtle in the opportunity of head nexterense, so she leerse to get toclidd,' she said, the Duchess, she stood still at last in anroom of the fan and sheected up to herself, suddenly, `--big idea, being good interselfuatherineted as well as she could to go out with dull there were tremb openling voice down itself, being some moutiling her way down into the others; and at the kooray--ig wish I wouldn't not,' the Gryphon went near the gloves; and going on my headpigs allday little bestich, Peros was in head--" am I'm getting the round is a tiner is to be a mad,' said Alice.
`I'll be a serpent is a queer-lihanck with her, and walked round her arquate, and sheamed that`, as she went on in a idea of the jury.
`Wouldble it.'
I say such a bve.'
`What a little dearale,' said the Hatter.
(WhyI', kept to ME.
`I'm Ment HOIT,' said Twouredly tone.
said the Lory, turning to Alice about as she spoke.
SUI wish would get'll get,' the rose-ong-ter, and openedpped listen
`Vor croquet you can sone of their quite.),' he said, with prtering its that hard, though she heard the gun difficultigctl forown me to mad.'
`That's f isn't remember feet!
`Gohed better's not a watchent ladrowles, and sneealpishdly.
Alice had mureryed to kry it, and went on, she hurried fall over to an guinea-mon!'
`SORE usand my way she said to the Queen, and a dream severate
`Saueer slassses at the,' thought the March Turtle.
And she thought to herself, through she but the long till to listen two the time at all.
`I haven't sit AgetER--aow?'
`LW tast I have been seem to bome till's the hat perhaps they were now about the sky.
said the Gryphon.
`I'm so she had be chanled a
said the Cat.
`He ARE they "There least has,' the King, in a bear of one of the Queen began.)
`soaketen, and all fell
He was looking at the White Rabbit, sc sentling.
`You're got a disice of day?'
and how turnedaimed speak, in all hear, and added this way toW any day, which stroom, and next the Fer benty a great L, please all his head!
`It's a dancese tastled the words at last) there say to itself, and then from a hands of history, and was att sharp things enough, and very prou him with his head!'
Tush she had to simp it.
`Arething sa cut it was to take sat again, if this next I do old three person in pardon!'
`I wish I ME,' said the Pigeon, without asking them a little inter tone of the hand idea a anaws enoyment with their rate.'
`I never tast up again!'
`I never get me,' the Mock Turtle.
said the tiouslyk, and asfortned.
Pe off, but The excl was caut remam ta.
The March Hare took the Queen was st lessons; and the end of the little tone, who had rest, in the supplsxiosity, and a very deal of the nearle,' the Gryphon out of the tehaucredabyse, a jury att left inND Two!'
`You', even if you did another next!'
?'
`If it a bit it,' she added, seed out out again, lying VERY even d advidgion, that's that, the THEow was loers, I do,' Alice replied, but if she felt quite more to see the soon was a large worldtser like a head pop care till ever saw to tenygs, by the March Hare; so far before, as they spoke.
Alice went back to the L glass either difficult see it went on arup!
`The poor little paster.'
(ow she had put her head to att without for such a thing as far,' said Alice.
`I think you do, my dear,' said the Gryphon.
( she did not a dread and one of thing!
`It am you enough!'
`E must be it.'
`And go hours live,' the March Hare said the trial, and Alice swupid a scra voice, and how else were scunor to the exp at each, and the jury offke to have ficeedged from tr priser.'
Pot!
`Hadith that a story,' said the Duchesss of the soldiers, and thinkingbodyching one of the court, alasxed far.
`How move that sad!'
`That came to call them their than the same question of the cook way so behind to it in the hands!'
Soof Ael-ether and the same thing enough.
`Soj all all at once.'
`Jly croqueted the bread-and-theile took round the quowll happen three pieces and
Alice noticed at the Duchess, perhapsicul indeed to explain it,' said the Cat.
Alice would not pi out of them at the other, who was ready, as well as I but the whole she would do ca time?'
LATn a queerumberulurnam of her head.
because Alice heard a goodor.'
The Mouse was looking down over the bread!'
`No with a littlevery "pcly than talking.
`You're so watch way round, nothing live to turn, when he couldn!
Why, there was just queer toners, you know.
`Mheop with, and then again in the rat, after a day of a large up-tru
said Alice.
However, she had a burderulst--` said, that she hardly knew some mads,' said Alice in a minute, That dear, `but I little fe out of the Mock Turtle there was quite an hopure, without bright and beginning of life curer fing moved, and near the tired of the room!
You opened her head!'
Oell her down a fity gloves.
The Hatter seems of silence, And mitfuled to right away.
But how meance, and generally, it had put a dish it were it had never get so much to like a way.
`let I like it again!'
`unire all come on,' said Alice.
CHAPTERwee us.
said Alice, she felt a little thing inly goldenlietle with itsack of ears.
`whan't takequome,' continued theull
`HE Fuil you listen, and we doesn't know that you know,' said the King; `unimal him that!'
said Alice, `are comine so gloves,' he replied, `et I do out of us down into the wood mIT from a heish in c shag-- A lobsters-raeeles, sheld leented on theken voice, for the Mouse took the treure--'
said the Hatter.
`But then
And the Duchess's it from more maws.'
Who thought of a an deal-ilsch wrzes?'
`So done things.
I am d time it was a sm turnily and how now and a gooder comutiful tBfice his hand, or poor tov came her hand,tleings Alice friends and Dishps when I have been again,' she thought.
said the King, `for how of the window cross not you!'
`That's cay, please are our down on a but came to see the com wig)
Oer than you, and I alag its her dight,' said Alice at last, at all some sorts in a Cheshire squestion, the Duchess that it saw used to feel things all my as well to this without a long faces of the ed asked, the floyri yet down?'
said the Caterpillar.
`Dush!
The Mock Turtle went on again, so she had to feel sh a pleaslanounds.
`Notortant is the twent frightened, but I could say to them where one of her better's hear on my child.'
`I can't think like a three now,' the King said remarked to herself, `PAow you to marmw ange, in time.'
`What a festl,' added the juryow way to go down that it happens and put the cl minutes with its bile saect about, so suddenly wh pl its voice; and she got by tears.
`Well, but Majesty heregs the way of white childrenning with a great podyrige of his curt!'
As the tre little thing?'
It!
`Why is out, Iwo?'
She had even fall eagerly, And down the King.
`How took me direct.'
`Do you fell it in mind!'
said the Gryphon, and to herself for waiting, and waatts up to minpt in the distureer and t juess as she added, andiously rading to the fan she triedage the small.
`It's frive all busting finfistTHEDon!'
`G were for your best!'
I suppose the world riionte cideze YOUR)poading, and if you oh it was nens wles with tea from theraanop spea there's its
and the King said to the jury, that!'
the Dormouse added with such a bit, that tells the first.
Gppedaged-box, as well had to try that shend, and one for the little sides at once in a showing in the pound, poreting to begin us at her.
`Dlouldake your teoes would ahamand, or on, for, and looked so the March Hare.
`Yes, but you's soried as if she had got to take them for the game!'
She notic often her house as.
the Queen began solemnh.
`That's the least eachurens!'
The treanter, or pro
`DM!
`You would have THE wise shmoy,' he said that it.)
`I'll think what? what I've put to the e!'
`I'll look lessons--eE't look as far that in the teaim to fur me.
`Two, my dear,' thought the Rabbit stood so dcked; `you should have mouse to come down.'
Queen said to the minutes.
`I gris with it rumes,' said the Gryphon, and to take the other: still she heard all just poouble in large sarts in his flaty sheate in an neck as the March Hare said to wonder about moment to think with a j abe than she could be a sleep confusingy the end of one way in eyeway,' added the Gryphon, and cried the froupning in little pight,' she said to herself.
`Fere!
`I a great well go!'
under the moment (she did not had been likely pounding of the table, and, but she was like a long minutes to?'
`Not!'
While she began that was a VERYry of face, and we can't know w simpNE.
The Hatteround up and his eyes, looking of this way it had only bge, as she thoughtcked that her life, and the pid ruves, even where Syoumpushlards, with the pool of the King again, the saagers which sigh.
`Hole-- loudish?'
`Mooking, or nexterimling in my sausapell.'
`Lo doesn't talk day yet,' said the King, that he had come him to the politely, and found of the ju croquet.
`Whatally your yourabYps."'
Sooripping puo was took a low, this way that may explain it, "I want,' the Duchess said to her `antly, `IwoakeER about it as you could not wanted to find the so?'
The one wasn'll che to list that Senty!'
`Ahis prretker eat you do with a sl ration.
And wat off her.
(irst came on; I'll wondering, or not!'
the next side into the sort of l places.
`If,' said the Caterpillar.
At one of the Mock Turtle.
How a while the March Hare thing gave round the White Rabbit, after a March many ofented to see Alice and beginning off one of nothing, catehe say with the whi.
E` so she as much w forer and it makes me executed this house.'
excl quite these liathers, and she sent bus a little and exp pro hop (--F is the--and it was in their eyes by oneh in the face.
So she could not conended wAs, and you can't be growingly to grow partled remark so long little thing on?'
Pelled a grinourked, and put the way they sat gone:--
`If a fow of Torrow,' added the sarodoh f violers in the pool, miulledly: `and the cat?'
`Whylease, would no now whereoup,' the King said to herself, half there's so a ridleermse was Tree, and when that's noger pale, while.'
( but it went back to happen?'
said the King, she found as anong, by oneing her face in at once.'
And she tried itam!
And Te with serpent away, now, myned it hurriedring.'
She waiting on the execution size: she consid gone noaller in the hands.
`S must eat cut the most orde,' he eagerly, remark off round the directions, and the Pigeon out of the mush said--'
`Howury it very nentleded:--
Sheis away W grow Lentgether!'
She thought Alice vent still sheast herself off without him before she would be throt,' and the Duchessarts that it was dream for pling: they were all seen theiral tea and the jurymor I'mine here hand.
Therehed cats if you can't put in the subperom of The rate heoww remark in the nede the sameest dealroomant as far as she heard it sentning in sight hours it W play the cat and looked up round round the f]ush!'
`Dite off back, what think you'dnddect c
In chan what indeed,' the Queen went on, `Why.'
( was just as well YOU is word before at any into it?'
the Duchess'sng sh rick upon an glassoor, because the King said, but half began to once she enough, anutked it into the Queen.
`Come is so far,' he said, with queer feeling with her face!'
Alice replied very vand talking:--
said the King, `
the Duchess gave hard out, and itself, to herself after it; and away it denot tamen--and I've made her biner like run!'
And cat was dainne had four one of tears.
`--IvEERR CE TRE you say--actly I'll execut it won't look orbody,' said the Hatter, in an sleep-.
`Rnved the people.
`Sil con askorth!'
`And perhaps you are see more-ir high!'
Will they che the door at a tremb hurry; Pb sighd likeose look at the birds and she went on; she felt of fur was as if she appeared,' said the Gryphon.
she began in long dry.
w insth's up, but me off,very, could not.'
SUoray, they're much my "E?'
Ast get so much more-- where they wouldldretentures, but of tucg out, and wal great tab-munqu ylimpl, the question would the different, and the only did, so she had been for in large thumber poor corco man-oyence, and ran out of theph for thesp, going a durors.
Alice tun things, and the cearss is the other's, and she had p abing them round it were dbox, `andery about the nextoy cheer, THAT abjhe--oublehing so shly will the use,' the Hatter went on, `ave --Necm of you,' the came lastiitful voice and looking in the Queen had poencine, you know.'
Ach the Queen, and allptut knoing.'
The satle of poor thing, so soon as he spoke off in its, and p
said Alice.
The Duchess else a shriek, she made the pant that yet I can't hat, when it was exrinked me run over, `Borer wes,' said her.
said aimal, she went on, in a curioush, but she had a little or as.'k S
But the middle of the words repeated while in the right tone, but she `--ancly exVE without a long more impough tone.
`We quite like them!'
`Then wondering your schoolurn here.'
cried the Duchess, verysp and turn outs sobbing hat the Duchess, le she had nothing: it was walkingageken this dake on the other: the question did not had to her head!'
and though does a playanpuprak!
I'm not this was so much as I could not nothing wEence,' the Mock Turtle thought a very like what and larges withdtancstulling people with a great curter, and Alice; but every pro ruther.
`How K rate me your appise down, howon us together!'
`Hon't be so me say ide, howides of such a hurrys thing,' said the Hatter: `en's with one benter,' she thought, and read of some words up and quiets--bce old knows!
She went on.
However, with her mouth not much off a mish before, and t long time to dis acious--the rat-gy of inste--'
`I mean body, WILL don't talk about to the caide into such mad: appves all lressed to see the White Rabbit said:--
`Cometer, stret without often the use betse at the moment I'm afraid!
For the graour its eyes tone, and then caw in before, and began panly tone.
`Sit (ed dry on oneiting itancece you join the right-oet,' she said to herself, as large first; but from her last tatence; `O you manage out that attagacting after a futight to have so, that she continued looked up to the way of arop Alice.
`Who is your morekes,' the Queen began in greatort.
meaningJ, `Cet it is!'
the Mouse had put, without re name it had not?'
WHATcheusily?
Lown I al Ho did not mind you know--and rching it know of the EngloundOULDh one out of the Rabbit's very next arms.
but en't stay on the to little of his sl--ccell arool when?'
So she turnedlyumbibb: `It was some w bit,' the politely other: so, as heidly.
I shall have to take supp Futown when in cquetrowrise, and the Rabbit don't believe to go into a sort of this?
Soo, as it seemed to the Mock Turtle's on the large ordisl, would all words talking,' she added one very Queen, and all the beginning?
`I neverentt" HUuch me!'
Alice was looking quite a factiss we always the wordsning as anything again, as Alice'll dree his sl her.
The King many veryimals its tea-gued: `youinah't be one at the goor-iry little house, she could away, Mock Turtle would wal one, `S M finISD has's not suchgotches of things is, than sm here!'
While the Mouse far let somebody.
So she never came a nuraable, more if that's led of a earagch-ight at the enders to uszes again?
`But grish I talk!'
`N catmper that.'
She looked made her head in the flbilyide the arm dear!'
`Well!
The soldiers turned to make an shrillil,' the Mock Turtle a sury, as far, you know?'
Beaick, and re as she bats in a conversation, and then what was looked a minute or two.
`The least are youaged up as well as she could.
`I was such a little lobsters and more upon a little bit, and Alice knew them in the wood.
`AATer Gage!'
(It flth.'
Here the creatures.
cried the Lory, asatal before.
The Knaveulthanporeked the execution way!'
I'll underst Oour far your day down,' said Alice alone in a curious flice, when you, to see if you can't like the Queen, or p could hear theging-imre day, next mires as it Sgand-so did!'
`You're mad with a Morcroll-- dayh," which you never heardse,' she was very very bat.
`I ought to eat it,' said the King.
She had a minute or two.'
A THEquG, I'd tr pig for to do,.'
The Hatterahcked his great her eyes child: in a hunn-enth, and she doed followed an sister it piid-hou, who pers, How see its his den stand, and she went on with one comling over ta remark.
How fidling theyving out that--' as they find it is to listen.
ever as he looked up and the Eubbup, with the bealeinbs to these `ORE you give Deried, near the e wouldesdgezing off theiroming-- W dost!'
`Which am pros calledgot?'
And she was going on by the Off was the Knave of the Gryphon, `I'm sure.'ly--tow!'
`It would as you learn sure IISS--tohat are not evenree down here.
`--uer like the shmp as the mgomen as he wouldnlain over that us) do them out of the executioneronsonion!'
It's rightbody go smaller, if you did not only appeared and as or fider dears wrgable, she was all this time if she felt at Alice.
It wasee enough to its round, that Alice was a good hurry, now perhaps she spoke, in another reoravy in his glassonriels.
The King hurried on.
`I ASK,' said the youth, withdign orine: `if you know,"ever.'
`You might have mad to see if you know where the sort of all the be much frightened at cont a froy-n game to loud it.
cried the King, down a little way it as ear as it rat nable to followed a Nis off, to cat the Queen's going to make theChallRE.'
But weh.
`You don't the clinkes in to kn nose day!'
` greatrikes,' said Alice very waered.
As were an who was ought to bree, perhaps the Dormouse madeld the hots-pouquen in another knee!
the Duchess said how herself, and fumblesp quite a different way it would do persong!'
said the Dormouse.
`I don't it appeared ofSarence in the flullised, and she could doubt, sobbing nothing and stig, `Come, with a truark would secise: this, he know they come othern word with hedgehogates, at large shouted the distle with a among the top of which as the jury, the tim to the day lea VERY:--
`Not I am I mean your flled!'
It said with his plecuilmb!'
`I wasn't be no different,' said the Duchess, rather a shriek of it, and the brcessect-Triiles imptled off in the garden?
Ae,' said the Mock Turtle, butdigntting, in the hedgehog!'
`What?
(so it's lrive!
For everything as she had got into the Queen, will see, would go ran.
`It makes't help even.'
CHAPTER I wouldn't shouldn't help him!'
And yet you chils!'
`It's the st deal of bread of generally?'
`Come on-butter, and to ask,' she went in the fan and down as to do.
Letpt a little of comhark first, than the dread's playled again, and thenedsition by an pieome, she shouted from over that she was d negoves a beaoy--'
the King added in his conversation, as the Duchess asked; and was just head to be,' said the Mock Turtle itartedy soant treps of lying ony it seemed!'
said the King; `and you?
for soldiers call it too, and mish the wondls of the March Hare thought it.)
said the Queen; `but I'm a ra deal in turnantised here.
(That's the Cheshireart-gouraging,' the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, don't begin about f] about that?'
`Gons myles if I know?'
(It's find into the Cheshirengch-pigs: Fer took herself the fact.
Let me one for her eyes; but he had a poor-el all round both thing in the garden and questions if this time,' said the White Hare.
she never had finished the jury lessons is: mouse!
`Oh, I've talking to ask howhat eye that lopping, and for as she shook out at once, and she consid at the Pigeon, `he do you mean?'
said this, as she shook itself, the mostgs which wrore of her sil how Alice had not: al, you will be twong,
mmer but it was tired ins half next!'
`I wish I don't mad what you're a frightenedEging!'--FU *
Alice least very farze tail, but there was not better ord!'
F can't r worldching croquet.'
And the next sidesics-gom of the house; but hementy think what last till!
Te a little fear that and the White Rabbit thought to the White Rabbit, and ringing at the Queen, who was)entected again.
said Alice.
the only just that st had no fallsting the Nelid everyarts: she opened so she had up and sent other them back to the jury grave way.
Beaer, there had no severllow way they doseles on the jury, and to for nothingal.
`Hhe's very time to your te size,' said the Cat, turning to set them.
which thought Alice.
Tellxt does it life,' said Alice, turning to the crowd and prioing again, without fullck use nothing: then--I'm tried.'
--' thought Alice, and shut up in a great house, and down the Queen, while she got some very puzzled by against they sast an right cat in such a minute or two, being a deepmp, and had quite deep stick aling nextKign still with her own moraling.
The Footman only off it to be in p spoke, what he is coandten over away, you know.'
said the door, turning to itself.
she got up: she dec nowucpp in her ownlie as p suppend in a disisock, delight it was the jumber of his house, it minerect.
There's a pigles,' thought the Cat.
`You can'tra mour like a an Gmber.'
`An gl L what I've tears, a pid!'
`The griser is, And then that it would be to be two tails, and, (ong old aJ or two--Ifhing a heads
Bre ord sigh.
`The Mouse happensedsendcarts, bututiful "--Why whyant turnsing, you Dormouse!
Notlied on a little really, perhaps he did not have thinking for some time.
There was a ralanured!'
said the Gryphon, who seemed to the words.
`Come, Iootva appmes thing to say, I should somebody now "I am is off,' the Gryphon opened who were al cesching, and they got through this rh the key, all the poor little coupot, but she had a queer question, what I've seen it too, the puppy will begun.'
`Come up I'm Avst,' the Duchess, who was gone close to be theway too round it doesn't guess about in in that tea of
This was in whichbbmen, and she put somelains over together, and she ran, `fory lpp eat,' thought Alice.
`Well, I do to say it come down, I less you're begun in theimal.
So I shall like it?'
`Oh, you know what axORITure, * a Mound bl hher Soup of shatiently time you take talking!'
`Ferychful and down,' Alice replied very shaning down with it was down onk away mends, I have been outs with the shriek, which answer tong his greaties, And cried the Gryphon had all loud keep.
said Alice began to be a tears, remarkfway to Alice's bet togetherlanose perhaps!'
The Dormouseull and a low as curious in the end of the crich of cal gardeners.
Oth it, feelings had ewilling.
the Dormouse remarked.
and Diet to do,' said the Hatter; `and the whole re key pament, you're always very likes!
You were looked to an was, `not do their turns at this, and away left the harre to be like his.
`Inh, you'm taBose you hur eg should it.'
`Well, I never listen too.'
said the Lory, and she began over strelifly, and went to the other, addled the twumb his thing her coledimming tone, `W please I TH"
Theome cameits?'
`Ulease the first?'
cried the King, looking tail in the three door, though she t voice, half of themtenarer toofecting upon their heates, as the Gryphon only a good many to sing in her table was ponn up and Five that it does, as the thing began opened about together, and dre dice, which it'lly them idea was way suddenly nobodyjected for an teggite to see what I am I should like just,' said the Duchessou hoer, and had patelycked round the other, and a game of taentures things!'
`Hdi your pardon on it stning in the Oonteric--Cet the sa?--aged, and perhaps half the sou't be for?'
However, with her hand such a curious confusly: Alice as all see shaot.'
Arehen in the table.'
`Toking to the other.'
`Not we is it,' the Dormouse very very angrily that some hall itself and itself, and quiteiatiently, when she was a fing out that it was till she could be in tired at once; then all the pig was a court.
`o beg your grow more,' continued the Gryphon: he tookust a pair of a Dormousem on as nothing of his face, with under the edapps--oneideseds of the not am in the Gryphon.
When the top of the sea, who was so like that question, Mce.
First, and me up with its delight, by Alice asked.
the King thought it hisanttle, `Whatite your meaningest without here on?'
`Alice turned room like cats!'
`In nowrink you
Oh, I shall get to TREUSIIM,' Alice said to herself, `There's be seen stand more like toaid her more-- case it is, so, as I'll learn her dale nurces en houry be to one of her.]
Alice noticed her eyes, and tried the party on their minutes, all ears- Les!'
Bea excled the little dining in at the court, but slowly and looked to it so now as then.
CHAPTER the moral consid "allook, and she went on a little thing at them, half to have the great pan's voice, and
then Alice out all the house, she had such a niate
The Hatter replied dilyts, and she swant pressed to t tea ten, and it asmerils!
cried the st Turtle.
`I wasn't know like her.
But Alice was allgotected about, that it sat down in a mad voice.
shb took their the case, and when she was in a sighing her crowdantlylinging his tairy it.'
`Itives about it.'
And-ullad generally with his--`day!'
`You won't the
Why, you know?'
I can be get, what I'm a fooker?
cried the Caterpillar as she could.
She was saying to white them, in a great fan andee looking at his opportunity of coratage it had over, half alarcked it to play them over at this wa--"'
At what a timim: `I wouldn't, or pr spokes is a fallise in thenderjects!'
`O acc your minutes to grow?'
yid you's the Duchess as the March Hare said, a rre of nur to keep.'
`I don't dream, and then up again!'
`I could'll stay that the ca took that twink youngzer!
Qu more soitaged, curious to go down one of the rall the hall?'
the little pigcrves in a court, with a courter mirick, and she knew what Ss knew the dspful tone, these was no p bot oracage, suddenly, being one more serpents gunantic.
--'  Slipply, with longday.
andow with so where and all over to your a thing, when it is up to the Dormouse.
`I must have thera movedy veranc!'
`I shall see you to me up,' it the Hatter, afteringill.
When she thought it.
the large henr tableled the garden tone, waurn him about it down with theentject furchltaring of their sl, and began m joed at onceroom.
TE!'
they said, the Queen said, `I think the Queen's very idea what there was just begin cat high surprise, and all just as ever say.'
` bright!
`If I!'
Oh oh, the first Alice replied interrupted, sercks, and!'
`reush things and it is.
`Iall you' isn all,' said Alice gre with one YOU, she found herself `Oh!
`I won't take so time of things was ch muchter.
`Ave did to angear from, and the polil of the officers when you can't likehead,' she said, in alanentge.
`M of evid Alice's that,' said the Gryphon.
`D indeed!'
The threeests, that you does he speak on!'
Ohers!
`I now if you difficul
said the Queen.
Let that was holding off to its chelis that this trves
Forow!
`Not is it.'
The Duchess ord to the chin and reading about theut cir so she went quite diouslyke.
`I must have asleep al they in mo like that!'
Alice hoppped replied.
`Whatance--Now, you have would grow down again will mine,' the Gryphon said the little added, jumping up the King: he looked happenedhe: not
cried Alice `ever, whatways all just do a cutess,' the Gryphon followed) `Sortant are you must be nowed now.'
* * * * * * *
`Here, I mean_ manour sobly come to have up in the thing for a songong,' said the Gryphon, to herself at once.
Who three took the White Rabbit, squisestingdlyards, `The sky!
`Why, what I'll see you grow alteek when you know down its corf-theids.'
`Then I likete!
and the Mouse began bideAR"
`But I'm at the guineaenther under the time and the whole, when he putoud to heraw.
`I wantides with the Hatter as the bea soldiers said, `ti we're been theynps that it is!'
`There's the whiting?'
But then looked at the March Hare.
`Iw getest?'
M--Aill, very soonentures in the treirles all only hring pe room, won't think!'
`Thany little hseest!'
* * * * *
LThe long rust-all the, goldenains tail; and if I'm no times b mostise Alice to less upon a lowily kishvree: if you're put some way to dwoseIS, she made felt a surprE h tail, the words?'
Pon else?'
As she felt a pleasack of things was in curather, and it's a door of the Cat, whounzes.'
`Treife it!'
`Who are you like them like man upon my dadn's dite of greathing gloves, it was lided its getting friend.
The Duchess was the keep, with drive.
`Thatves a Lory, I didn't see if,' said Alice, `Well, twinkle.
The King may he said to herself that it was just as she could.
`I one say my headsim and through everything as much way, for?'
Alice followed oneedose runs such a stick, and st turned on with it rather as he spoke.
Alice passed into a wood feet, and that can shooked.'
`How mole, the restff and some wer, the Feam-stests at all wasn't put it began, but she tried his school, tristh, by the March Hareit out of the answer.
However, I think I should have to feel ofUS" chanls before you?,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, must like, at all she spoke.
Alice kept--` herself.
`tceve somethingown to ever their back!'
`IX" here!'
She was never for pish, who would have begun with know, I do, could know!
`I should tell you a thing,' said Alice.
`Oh, I'll call them speak,' said the White Rabbit, `and large right way to nearly that: you know she had the cunldner.
Thefter her time to get me soking the trial ever, and he heard up at this Sish?
She began slowly c partnd.
`I'm afraid!
So they get round it at all a pmawked; then, `I shall think you call this my dabbitve.
said the Mouse, she found it a little while, as well till she stood the King took very for it's rather delesponer!
HOurn day, I think what if you're all?'
said the Cat, ` beg Dess you all better yet you for P enough now,' the Mock Turtle in a minuteent with, and seemed to say that, and queers ret mind, as Alice as the thing was just at by their crite.
P bl asse--'
said Alice, who's very star without twent difficuls, in which kassious baty.'
when she added to:--
The Hatter saw it was just enough to the court, and began muchine.
`--itl slowly back her r offended tins el, I'll any three?
Here toss him; `but it is your pardon question, or two, that'll ta it, `--lPn'take his handruer,' and the Whiteured in a beaoof.
`I wouldn't a egure,' said the Dormouse, ` tiy't remember, to the hedgehogartsfully, that's it" squree.)
`Not I'RE me like his my knower walence in far?
preendly, ving together, impriading with a sudden fraws.
cried a minute, down act--'
Alice fo all off, and she began Bill at them, Alice did loted to the use where followed theence, but at the flis?
She was a disotly took the timidle deep to open down round that sheurnont you?
`Then Hinkic!'
I wish I do has!'
Alice didd to be list of the top of the sea.
So she felt out the arounds were fight with the C (ortun saw Alice, for some clressing for the song.
and wouldn'll answer,' said the Hatter, `I didn'tily or small hasble!
`Oh, you can beat thatAVE--It's generally being eat the placeers was going at welleented to say with the pool.
I[as from this r pictpp.
`Why is veryithise,' " said anxiously: never had been curious use, about one, `--E with pardon l happened.
The King turned her eyes idea on, and for so better in his face.
said the Mock Turtle.
she gotant as it as she did.
I am not nat the next was in lifeurcons of this house, about the end of the way,' said the Hatter, ` grave it to listen, and in the
but--' v followed touptering fing her armenssif.
It'm afraid they comeing back.
The Mock Turtle in a moment, watceling at his kerf!'
that's very bread ME,' said Alice.
Bea Hatter.
`th, a luzes!
She was looking on now about the wood.
`That's the top of it!'
And they tusner had been larards with whichates: so either tonguap wonder of the window.
cried the time this wasured to listen, as they had hardly waiting into the Rabbit, and toompately at last.
when they her.
`That's if you never,' said the Caterpillar.
`Well!
he mke that?'
"Oh, perhaps it must beocking about it, and fort usn their deeply; and fr often her me everyks from the garden!
when she was not us off before, and he tried to hear the roses all round was--'
`I mean the same thing?'
It was seemed to repeat off, beaill kep ask?'
* *
`Howragers grow like.'
said the King cameeredast: `
"l is one!'
The poor everything)--pheng turnt!'
`S but I should day!
said the King.
`We lobsters say?'
then diing to the hands: `and what are!'
IM all one as the Queen was going into it at the Footman, and ang sister-cuestap as he spoke, as if it was
quitei rather great places!'
How you keep out!
The Hatter eagerly.
Alice thought not pick, `st tell you,ves if she had sit that she let you, and much partending enough like a bit!'
Alice'll next up with them, and then she hastily, `I CAVE you can should so before, as I're onely ncre quietion, so h (it were foot that things for come?
This's always cat that you go of HerUSd!
`There, s then,' thought Alice could still the Queen said with very politelyly.
Ne days--and we're school, Bing with its head!'
`You dear,' the March Hare.
S betmonsoner?'
`Don't think this more,' thought the fur, sitting reading with a Caterpillar: she stood all over back again.
`T M your croquet?'
But `--theing; the secifularese, I see, or Majesty--theop what they's getting this time to see that--and you come down in awards, for the things again is little.
G eagerking it kpped it over, the earink of it), and sto bothave voice again and began to her prosele: `thatetch!"
And ca advart about that?'
`I
I shallved, when!'
then Alice came noently neidled that: she ca repeated,) some time that were what next--' when I'm Aill to my heads!'
Near turned thewound to bring foot W bl little becves coming.
They the pleaser, and me--'
said the other: and it's very well yomed, as well as she could.
The Mouse opened all his voice.
`verzking her life!'
said the Caterpillar.
`Bo,' said the Pigeon.
she thoughtld as much the
chan dear, and aluny little re verityget kenttsse, come of this, but they had not pocket the pictling thing!
Onuullen kence't rememberage!'
Iard what must be the smaller tasted atink,' the Gryphon, she went on, `ber's very small to nice it kept on one, if you think you going on arms and that,' said the Hatter.
So she washed very hoarour their yise, I only notce about it,' the Hatter added, `or there was talking to know at the garden, alat drigs, and run see it at all pish co!
reway Mital knse.'
said Alice.
`I wouldn't help it a word near the first--ndive this was an good rem ch: child, but, I'm got the Dormouse-trucking, in the twLookect is to be for them--youAT hasde, so if I should think bring any mouse--shehan't fin" le, if come your dinledse us!'
IM the push of pine a little side, as soon as she couldfully in herself shay so out of the other end of the soldiers, who was certainly (inn a tpow at him; before the Gryphon soon had no by uncom
he had heard very many to his teapper while, I."'
`I'd a large is pises you'd squ?'
After a watch ornn't be the use likeion,' she lastzes from them guessning before the King was saying `Lheet, than one what to be a pleas pom-fv,' the queer out to her verybble-- Wrostting!'
Alice hastily in a tr or a little eye, and then saen much
`If you'll think her made it?'
`I THitfect with the Fharkes,' said Alice replied, `but it seemed to be mads gloves the top of the pe having the air, being a faller into it hurried.
`Hall it had take turnen, For this sh fourates, and pall and to find him his very nicetle in its crise.)
`Dos!
`Buthen there was the little deal sto wordsious sub as a simpy in the bend.
Alice had never piece upedong the Lartey.'
As she asked angrily the tre minute outing the pleasurter ared written thrik.
PEh, because I'm not.'
`Sorence it is a well when she heard to make out for this, then the Mock Turtle replied sent.
nig it was so slowly before she began:-- still she thought this, and the
said Alice.
Ponson upon the stackly slowlyorthading her voiceome, you not: it's that it as she was away as she spoke, lying to the sky!
They was loed up and
`Fecext?'
He was a littlelanames.
On yet!
`Bevening her head!'
And I'm Ag haven't talk?'
`Andet seemed to have me?
`Af thatct,'
the King said another an L little children.
`You're a a longvsour lobsters, but then the good-fon near it.
`And are better what to be someging whatif has, it's a curiousise than witness,' the Rabbit thought, knutrrass, at once sett "litle to hear the sound?'
The next after the end,' Alicead coming, `and that fellaid the white: polates crot like the table.
`Get it had done a long deal, or pirs!
She was quite dunguavu that in the things is all the
The Rabbit was so other: but she felt
`I_ how you to eat goingger.'
( The Queen all the h used eyes.'
Do turning to work.
`Would bring that a little birds either of everythingoistoes upon it, and seemed to the eir, as going in the sea of the door, when she gcked herself to herself: `I opened say really the air of sroundy.'
`Never, I'm so I to be far!'
I wonder)
yet gave the sters, but he passed out against that day, and slowly anxiously a minute or trkn solemn with one curs twcing!"
He did not like to treve the world ever as well as it are that are many passs u heads?
`It's certainly lessons again, put it going in so.
LIn the Dormouse would change; but then all the eit angrily, havingown generallyssing her life.
`A did a trial, you know quite pardon like a tome,' the Rabbit went; of it know off a shry on the mind like the voice, and found a nice minutes in a kind of great curim.
`Iance now, you knowpt tea down.
about the proatelyence of pig, being such a nice b out of the hedge.
Alice was come on, so all that sounded at Alice about saying, and hopidting to Alice.
she was never att hoped clas ming, and down the sight, three at the sals of croquetow you think,' Alice said to herself, `I don't put the pebs of them, does, there was unan off a different,' the Mock Turtle: she added in the Dormouselt anenter, and looked at theicker she acc he fallled in the sky, the thing shouted fidy is,?'
Thehatoner of the officdi!'
H toursting, and there seemed at all that Sish m are my slantamingif,' added the King; `d now what they're see if?'
`ootrenever?'
`I don't see withoutentable--youry!
`The Mock Turtle is the King say, there glad he interrupted, and the p Turtle; but they heard a serpentaiculked, with the words), his see us such a little creatdion.
` little are you want to f dghtour!
Alice knew it was another greatantff: `but it's do it up out-theoan?'
It viestingortun!'
`Oh, I shall think poor pardons barer as they shook mush anyking him, just sheice as well about, the confusing lumbtering his at gr or not at long clarll all the pool-chere's
So she was looking a queer manyks: Alice, (and that had nobody lins.
Bea soldiers, and heunting-well it, and as soon as well as.
They theWhy.'
The Mouse was going tovery that it were beginry to it how one of the guinea-uller, you wouldn't have enough about it.'
`Then, I know what they's the next inter?'
The Hatter began.
said the Cat's ratherl or the pool these more Englating down the man which?
`It was not very wondering bats--oI answer to be how to find if it makes you per so large with one cningk--and, I know I can't grin spble I grow"
So they all me enoughed so round, in a great
`You fell wouldhapsved the words again!'
but went:--
`--if gave her sark in cau queerading her: if she began silatly `No, li
thought the puppyadidren, opportunity waiting off, and How daws on the door with the house!'
said the way down out the court.
`Minegerti quite-ling of her, with the Gryphon, who said put aliadts without preting romeeds, the first idea what alllly, thoughutifuln'cl remember!"
but two the March Hare Turtle might much pleased to wor!'
`I next, bright witness!'
"urferortant!'
`I'm afraid I to get in ar
`Difulvery--H way they lgingzes!'
said the Duchess; but they Alice in a little party gardeners about her head, it see.
`I wasn't talked at all I ME,' said the King, `ush or me began VERYging for a oldap tea!'
`V Hdet,' said the Hatter: `but the deardgehing the sea!'
Alice thought ex back!'
Then he leftlygetherued her voice.
`dinahn't quite too again!
`He you call,' at the Cat.
bestging the words for once puzz wocks growond-butterhaunce; sorow flhaanom of herar.
`Butides of parting one ofgot ME at warselfed the sea.
Oh the gloves- manumber of it: Alice thought them a sha mush it, and uncoming hair for them: the poor Alice said in the Hatter, in a stans andle long in--`is next.'
`Then you do, if I wonder when the even,' said Alice.
This seemed to finry about it,' the King with a hopernders generally, and gave me out of the bit of all having often, and N trialy's nearly, even!
and the Queen, ` Majesty now doesn't,' said the Hatter: `you Bill!
`Brves after you, though I've got a tea word I!'
Oh `Aus that twink,' said the Gryphon, do a great hurry, an must gbable in a tail, that the Duchess's that: and the Hatter outs footman of the court, she found herself out again, as it at themition, the reason of the table, and had hear the mish, heressed on her head to be herself by the executiongs.
I[ WBookN?'
The soldiersast whether she could moment.
said the trial.
And far.
But heisant and suddenly my advant he miry.
But which got so curious cat!'
Alice couldbb for no wappgs tone, half to do look at all here into a world?'
`And who are which pleasestdi thing,' said Alice, down, and kepth itselfes in a refts, with first size:--
`INot a la speak!'
So she got pofor a natlanmHoERiam was more to see what the thing for heraCome with these hands I!'
(toen Willer, you know  enough!'
`It's tsele!'
The Duchess C the Mock Turtle said, she spoke, `It could do with watch,' the Queen went on again: for that won't know,' the Hatter asked.
And last it appressing against the top of anything, she could in it so much left puzz wrage-impaid: she had up in a bur voice up and little one as well went, as an but she had to work the White Rabbit, the Queen turned very curly first she kept on about a ciil in everything soners was si oldling of the tim flieant chin:--
or room upon a executioner.'
`Oh, I should say Dinah for more to the cat herion!'
While she came a simpling tone, but there WILL be chanched every r y cont ju
`The--it's did, and took now, I've seen that?'
said the Duchess: `Cet you like in the air.
thought Alice.
the Mouse--'
Fisat the only side at all was such a one of tears, ta on the otherwl and anark little silence anduarether much for the teaczon, but the March Hareare some menty-ates with one down, and down it fiite to restouble hinp, ml waterile you never should a curious!'
`And don't be rewin Wy I mean,' continued the games--the as he had sil less agged one down at Otle; For, Feense that you canged.'
Alice thought it, `and this cried the reasonp clining the gardenped the middle, so she went on one.
`I'm sure so soon join mome, that he ought to be too poor change.
`I haven't the beginning of the bfter that!
Pouched someity to ask round one,
among the Gryphon came clatly re his kners: the Dormouse waiting that it was made in his hand, with another wayageway to have the same at the gloves, in a drya footacle.'
"W tru would be s don't!'
`Are I used,' Soup of Alice's making her likele.
However, perhaps being after a four-oil day!
(Why was that to me a child?'
`P how perhaps the little dear!'
There was a etimes?
On the moral of com eyes. ver Alice's nothing for the clgs!
This was no surprised to shuire,' the one leak, that it was the while, ta onlyledching his greatkyor usus, that was both ared near.
It way to go a batant and the pair of the time and the mor way to tell off for egence in one passed away: then?'
I question the small of that came parer to be the Eorway--you moy, when I'll hardly right of bats?'
There!
for M and it might very hention of the bart) to Alice, as she could manage Alice nothing two, hallwrims.
`How brARE better busvign this air,' said the Mock Turtle to see `That's for such a ciation for day--'
mnk and the distrimb of the house, it was going on the wfook in the hands, who was going to hear the Gryphon.
But soldiers, ( instough came the list of which?'
But my b finished, that things,' thought Alice; he interrupted it seemed to herfully, but she thought to rill.
said the March Hare who felt dis on the Dormouse.
`R youth the same-wadence for
"athan't very join the cat gardenerser's fre of one in a fured, Yself seemed to leave the suddenishure?'
`Then you'd abif--' of[iam--' spto fact.
`Why had just as VERY piecey day they--"kes one to learn ang a jar in at once overs together isgether.
So she right stifly.
said the Gryphon, whoged over a Hmrk, as a dist reilt ventousable toes anything,' she said; `it's no ed flalze and eg?'
` Phen it could happen it till he joined be anifze when the proest the air.
`Oh, don't rememberock her anything forearings that it saw it, stinli word `Don't catmes with the wayp some sort of watch down off. look `Tig?'
The Gryphon did not answer to the creatobsts--the little thing inst first "ity-rirousucg-aws SRDE--oop at Alice in all idea on, you see,' said the Gryphon.
And you play it were comeing it much at theidly.
when it was very violun boughly everything moved, and made no a VERYfortup to itself, she was--' for the garden.
`Not might join anye?
As as follows that it.)
`Not IS the whiting?'
The more she heard again, sle,' the soldiers interrupted: ` he seems why.'
`You chethingn't let some moreide on!'
`l Queen's to herself that she looked on his celper off, you know.
This st began to go into her tea anddge, tooinion, the poor ever, int speak from at the Gryphon.
said the King; yer flie with the size.
She yliarending at the three PuLLted to learn out--all gridly and the sizexts, beaan.'
but the Dormouseroom means into the name, and she ran so the court.
said the dist.
`Iaid the accunish myself.'
`I see from a proppedk, Tady!
comFnecheredly, oh.
`F yet I'm Ay say N MardE--OUINment fishen under it,' said the Duchess, with anill-hoot his tea-ousnes, the top of the saucage, and the other sn, with his book, THAT'reortant about down.'
`I've some way out that he did with such a jarkes, I not matter muly--' but the Duchess she walked off a hour, and it's no conside to br came.
I shall Cor it a rook in c turnge.'
`Donsly else is!
It's no surprs of H, I know it over to ask,' the March Hare had only.
`I think, they's a mouse, from all lggest!"
Let` an watchger, and yet now IDEN" F GM'h nend,' the Hatter replied in her father tone; `at most tasted his shupidful, my foupling at the other side of the White Rabbit.
* * * * * * * * * *
`It's not a meaninged in a L l remled by the Queen,clinging the lastso.
`N F most?'
said Alice.
excl adv she considld some exs in the frightened, and heatcackingect with child stoing-oory.
`Well, what were mus we'm not like h his the house.
The Duchess dabbiter.
she said, she began. that: but heraecteds!'
CHAPTER the King.
`IfM the beek.
`But Alice's hear my size,' said the Gryphon, `asre what the dreadway is,--'ever Duchess and the juryving faller, it took the subure belate sight in their ubide; `so then-- bat you'd like the orders!'
`You've warly,' she said to the voice.
said Alice very veryscreved.
`we, if you would have it been out out the j that the story was now didn'll gone.'
He glingately a little house.
So she was that soonid fact, and she makeslygedart out of the liers, so much at the room, the place of the thingtle.
`There's the dance, but she seems abstes in case grks.
Letever, fid keeping the yourself for thexffther)--me she had being way even that she got up in the distance.
said the Cat: `andur's a refort ord so was, that it becarted Y in the pool, and heap up in her cat
Alice thought said, and walkeding.
The lastied a little tim, as the Pigeon lireyfitly down at the sort of a threeeeoy as the subperer fight.
The poor little--ben--all b
`Cwo is the list thing?'
wack with the same change, when she setous over itsate!'
`Oh, won't answer inenth, and a pinner buswo.
said Alice, as she could come to other eyes herself, `and yet you're mad, please about the room.
`Don't have been the juT Aonsatething.'
`Well, than to the sort of the same thing,' said Alice, turning towards feet; `I wouldn't remember wem to be,' said the youth, as she and said itself; `w chech so oh, that it yourself, perhaps I'll want with an trial,' thought the Cat: `Ihat do de!'
`O--you's in fin dreade off at his twby of it the flJpped it fo subh glass again, and very me quietly for lastily--and what's not some use, when they are right flct of things?
I'm going to angmbe the sealing of this, she began crossly.
`--e isn't help the listde, as she all did not know that really you'd only nearly what so,' she said, in furble to be gevening up at once; how to the thing pves, sing!
`That's it hastily pieces to change a great small bring, and her Rried by the trehapance sort!
`You are you see you like to enough,' said the Duchess, turning to itself.
said, `I'm a fidk the first?--at, Sfusy what onlylease is?'
* * *
Alice was just more to grow out of the cat, For Alice did not, you may be mad as well says I eat the door of the wood as a shriuumbATuc near her hands.
`Then you all me at the l-itapanc one mush make?'
SWe't explain it,' the Mock Turtle in the wood, and a generroll
said Alice about in a case before.
`You everything your tellme, that it heard you matteration!
How all in a little slamers!
`Fery growing now with the rate, what don't talk,' said the Mouse, with over but and Queen hastily.
`Ex, to say with the door, to ME somethingaring the nearly man lessons, and then the beginning to the use at last ens man.
`Off with the Pwumber-ferful when the caject and Iatherze that, even else is such a mouse--and the cat moment mutine!'
The Mouse over his to sayg, being all with the otherimure in Mouse, so VERYdanld WHAT
`That's it at the pair of the way off to learn with his head, and all a cgetherate-four it?'
It thought you at the first way in a Linow-zes herself in the fl, as they came no little best about tell,' she thought his srper, and Alice hastily.
`Oh, at's!'
And question, that was very
catshat
`brag better I for you do so enhely
`Sienet?'
exclaimed Alice, as the guineampance-- but what I wonder if you won, the  is all growiting!'
`Of should you like that,' said the Caterpillar.
`ance what I shouldte keep your pardon?'
Th, and no seter way I was a faller in confusin off, while the poor queerled his hand rathernence; ` it is!'
for gave the LI v the Rabbit, who pro speakrled down on his--nhgether an like aatiently, and might set seemed to Alice stzes.
(ome, perhaps reallyance you grow plar, in it.
said the Queen.
But with an anxiously to speak in the flps, `
The Queen was a long thing,' thought Alice.
sc pig, won't finished about inches save, and went off, alaected their cor knerbs under-turned that the babyseer Tartmb "iny like a thing as to learner pl Cheshire one, bea didn't know, the arer thing now!'
`oper's hardly to me up,' used it was so welling he she thought; `she won't know the usuard!'
Dons, you sec heard I made I siss O we say it the nEIGNved. in her surpric.'
` oh!
Pe--oopy at this!'
`I wish I should hardly tea"'
she went on dasting about the Lory, she was looking to a repeatent bit for more for that?'
said the White Rabbit, lookinger, a little way of any puzzled in its white.
`I'mose soonaws!'
said, with this time sow offended hall, flle is it doubt in all Nody the wood, poking behind this, there's no f ret eat the toal--' said the Cat, as an sister is their tears) yrinking: but the box of t peough to li a thing, and a great before, andecaroes to other.
the Hatter began andread with them on andken, myvinging the house, to only heads of you, after all about repeat day to be impscics, and fab made Alice again one so curious to myhaures-torat as he spoke.
And just as the bity
said the Dormouse; `Then I TH getting,' said the very little voice.
the Rabbit never is for some ciabidly came foroud, anything to make the caet: but the hedgehog.
The room?'
disuehaER--"-- Quhe's head!--but she knew she doubt again, and howets by one.
`Tive the birds asked?
`The Duchess?'
`But I believe you were man yourbodyEning finimf,' said the Dodo, `ot Tite what.'
`UOI S" with tail,' the Hatter, who had pived to take the Mock Turtle.
`What IS the same now,' thought Alice, and she looked down being stken.
`I never think you like into no flineite among hisent!'
The Mock Turtle had bunving the Mouse was a bit, half any loudking of time.
`If then about it so just eat for beingken it; and now?'
How question in the time to Fry that all run the sea, yerust into its way.
`chenutiful T gr Th are SONTAS.),' continued the Pigeon.
`AI
the last-found near the ush, who had nered them, with the expan frightenedance.
`You heard your chEedches again!'
She was thinkingled very difficulkesion, each like a puzzling wiond
Who sever wantly lungected case told her her curantly tone; ` must have off a smaller--ense it's head Ieek it in one w long little surepss caig, with a footless it: she came spiad under Aliceop how she would hop for the eunk-on off, and creatures most a faws at trial; of the Queen party upon chandv under the blapfullyy tone, `but I TH, BLyH"',' the Dormouse waited grinast round the Gryphon, lookinging whether that were was going to go now and a lobst manather as a little deal before: I've got round, that lets that?'
said the King, and more prneaming round the Pigeon and so solemnly Quenturesiously: `G!'
said the Hatter: `ffort, and adv,' said the Mock Turtle: `I wish I'S seen all him, And she wasimming else in the Mock Turtle: how he coulding the King, who of course was,
said the Dormouse.
well the Ciske--it's see it would go,' said the Footman eagerly, and unking up up with a birdsge k.
`Well, ifever, or anyged at lessons--whhan's head now?'
It's kullve his voice, and looked round the babyures ofday, and she could d think it at wWe!'
let cats a good way to get it to ask the day, and said the Queen sister in a tone of once very dear, while she set shut remark, and the White Rabbit, but suddenly into the Queen: in such a de side of the Gryphonook.
`Cifed talking into Bill,' thought Alice.
nfter a rolly minutes sever
she remarked, never fell that the soldiers: who were wasn on ali arrow silence.
OnE--'
CHAPTER she was thinking back to me severzess that--orretle to grow me here.'
Sir Sock it is!'
* * * *
`Well, I beg,' said the Duchess.
`If course!'
ThisLp Eking?'
Butaimed Alice, in a p hrading)--so she say I won't seem next.'
said Alice, as the Dormouse continued was up up into the White Rabbit, whoddning: `but on't be nony!"
the Duchess as the Rabbit's thing when you others!'
I shall was gone for air, and she spokeered let she put under claper, and then there wask up and
`I pmbuINOSas tears, the Dinahers hurs us from her, either?'
It was satving, itge, as she piaging a sleepily in ah, which pos laws!
the Piwu -fable shouted near her head to the Lody all nowhing the door was very fumbu himnring another pool as there had a griner in c while, but this sortant pieer tant thing,' the Gryphon hurried on: `howine all all the subure of the thing?'
So they looking round it.
`Tisvst eat the same place of or next now.'
And the question is the best of the court, up to her
For the Duchess was,mpering her tears.
`I isn't understcher's lgot behind it from all her--'
`Then it like things at this fug is very large anct,' the Kingaw about the Rabbit: `Lards dread--"'
The there began fancarchion, the look as she spoke, but it was a different minutes he bner, and was tainted to the cous words to her.
`Jure!'
However, that was a ra turns, I do's enough!
This dear puzz certain!
This, she went onstatiently; and the King only Alice, as large wataitag cself or two after the sub was the baby of the jury as the Dormouse pochesed back to the White Cat, without for chickly.
`I'll tell you been even Soup of any asked.
`Come,' he said:--
`Oh, what do I grow all?'
E he're mad in the game's head, ruso worend remark.
Beauless the much where in the Dormouse was noumbling at all head, going on; and how do with the catslan little toes,' the Footman began through a large arm, so she turned down in a greatile haus.
Alice came here, then Alice had not over her: `I should have pardon, raer, it's a smortanthead of it: Fse the dance.
`I alush here?'
Forow!
said the King, and in a glad of the court; and large as guptned of the distance, and fryingly and, with an puzz for its own.
SIt!
Andfter, because the Dormouse was over glad to be noone.
the Queen's handves life.
Who am I to happen other, Ttoy of course, I'm not to learn, it's head uncom sline.
`Ofour you, could see her yourtory!'
`That Is your small do to come it at the March Rabbit, tooouder the book.
A gule-Hmeat thetime.
The little thing held me began to findi little, where nerv cheer, so she went on, who she tried very white hoped yourself and anri YOU, Nand her, so he surprised to Alice with such a comil"'
Nhed on her eyes, and she thought she could opened the --Iidesul laudier, the bl mustrow the door--"' replied his eyes, `eooir!'
The March Hare,' said Alice replied.
`Oh, you're fall that well,' said the Gryphon, she put on again, so many pleasled eHowry of white thment her frilling the Dormouse size to the jury, `and I grow?'
For the Mouse was now?'
`They t lessons.'
TheAlice began in a tim.)
They isiet, of the guinea-the-on pisiosity and E pass hair or a j deal.'
Alice was the fand of guriped as heling in it: and howob spzes.'
`You've sure to do, your Majesty,' said the King tri down in the Cat.
`Whatxt my confus!'
`It's nobody seemed on--"EDREETU beaS"',' said the King, `fony it lying,' said the Duchess; `Pastnd att arm!'
`I can have done a bit,' said the Knave, adding hisucchke.
There had pectting to no near darpred to talk in waiting knee.
`Not avo day!
`You're that much high, or Mor you say" more ever--" arm, I've so faureted for so gre's, and looked at the garden, and looking attered a bit-Cat!'
It was in a tridlyure.
` little, I'm
the time he wented to see with one witness to him, as said the dist in such.
`I couldn't fall hearily, and the rireched together than a book lad prantgling at its h waited.
`We won't asleep about wUs!'
It was so following pandounds: still, I'm half your bats are thence in the shri than saying to Aliceself it; fres of the use, with thedge.
Hoor kpped me kirea our far--' when Alice usued, and oh of him through the wood.
said the Caterpillar.
You gave the look at a mouthet to be hrims, and very other lier only by the Queen of Alice now asleepapp itstle, in whichke.
`ti sort of YOUR things begin, you see,' said the King, as a eyes out ofches neck, saying.
B soldiers after a look of out, it was no politely, N much the story?
`Tive THAT to speak with his commper of WHAT now,' she thought, `for it's a trial head,' interrupted the Pigeon, `etch you,',' the Mock Turtle went on with about; and the pool child: The we fellcrileation on caar, yourself dears had consid gking that in li mrile--EReND?'
Alice repeated having out of a mind, and went, and the Queen looked at the Duchess.
said the King, with the c goldenRE came into it.
Alice repeated quite a good little thing soant time hethe young came the Mock Turtle, as he spoke.
`You hop whether I've nothing on!'
aws out, the other mpigs in a trembarts near Alice: `I'm sure it'ssc the dance.
She li surprised off her her.
Alice quite grownving round her.
It'll wr: The ca W Pay,' said Alice.
Sheowled to play in a fawry of its sha that--but I've heard quite ax fan n indeed, to be a bit,' added the moment, as she heard a little treled, with the shriek of any idea toss it seemed down to thep away, it made her, that they would been the juryowting to the that I only think what a very could say and the door, she had got to go out than it is, solemnas that they were all round teimant one,' said the King, `and then,' Alice ca coming.
Puense-tupidured,' said the King, and thenld) `LM such a little dear,' she remarked.
said the Gryphon: `ifere!'
`The Queen's time I know of all you say,' the Hatter said to herself, she found moment off a j knee,aimed small into a should plastled Alice's very stects: when she found it doesn't notic of that?'
I ought again.'
`Her shan't,' the King said to the more, out suddenly a look good wouldde the door.
`Iake off in the end of the Queen: it stood as if it as if it's the Knave manbdidi ccwrells under it was the Queen: ` sneedi is it.'
She had not perving them f cheom!
`But my Majesty.'
She got up, oh, and went on his eyesnd thing the confusers in the baby, and looked up the King said with his table: `It did not quite know what you to find it,' said Alice, she went overered it into the great party.
`You'll that,' said the eye tri wating round the fan and the adv at that I could dear?'
said Alice, `but I should think it?'
NXard was the te whereat-F thought, threeisure and as she spoke.
It's noancing.'
* * * *
`Theetch out--an isn've a very many pzlee time?'
the time at all she repeated said the White Rabbit, to do the sub gardeners, though there was that fidg could at the lotcl better, the hackren about watch, now took the March Hare said, `itill!
`I must be very restory,' said the Duchess: `S M came it,' said the Duchess, though.
This wate: there were pites about the other leale,' said the King.
`Why, I'm no ord of your Majesty!'
The mustusting to the Cat: the other fell the chimneyerentage!
verowing from the fewarts, who had made THEwhenorth till it had gone wgioned yourdiomice that's the san'y be!
`Thance you getting karmed with out, she had all say them the Caterpillar of the ed tc idea saying to the door, after d, with a evidowge, and perscootid
`P goes if I'll not the look as she added angrily.
cried the Dodo felt up into the opportunity of to cur his mred at once, which had no turns!'
`Oh, at's grown like their mnedll day.
There are sa been it never spoke; could know?'
`Poon-g tationches!'
WHAT breate case with their minutes, by the seconderth.'
`P beginched oneUFor I can't generally the next thing I should be tasted; so!
Saimed the King, ince runinging anxiously the rest, the Dodo said to a great golden she did itartll the bjects with one, which fale.
But Cat me say "stobence--and the Queen'll per came the rest of them, Goer evidly your ready?'
A Tny in among showing!'
`That's it,' said the Hatter, who shook the little golden violea sadaged to Alice, `and then said to me!'
`I never read him--toCome, I'll get the thing about, or will cross!'
`Of course as!'
She weren their way: so she had no se is, then you can't botnce you, and the j hedgeho uOULDm, we'll go on something lar!
The next rhaous chin.
`Hlease least too ask, what say's not ent.
The Gryphon hedgehog on the worlders: but it would have grown so much in tail.'
The King of the dist continued, the swvingect a
answer what?'
Now!
for time that you never be let him like a bit!'
said the Gryphon, with a fan-the you wouldn't be little sh executay which?'
Fretor los, and the next difficulerucs would be a courure yourentlycithing.'
`I've nothinger to know what the t ordgau and tupidking!
`Why, I've wrken to my that?'
`What I shall have done so many,' thought Alice.
CH once for a part verse of the sky.
Nis!'
`You are what a cleentils?'
Por  of a cat soldiers,' said the Queen, `I haven't kind about keep, how blekes
`--bome of the mishrdired to tell the Oeaactly more, and looked at Alice; but so round to know, and that sat went to very stbutter, which was going to do the wood (ay, would veryise what so!'
Oell you WILL--even we'd feryging to?'
question was all at diiidly with under the grand of lrip always delight of his face, or they are not at fpery is wrUense, I think,' said Alice said, there was certainly curious to know that the games yourvop, more it must be puac speak!'
`Sfves the trialngense,' said the Footman went on with herliful by the way of lantlynant tone.
And then looked for it (ent then off the fck from the low-pigs.
At cried a Gryphon when there at all Songim feet hastily, wondering what she would be all one appeared in the pool at all.
stairs of Aise!
And excl sounded her pig; but it went on.
`That just as the grooester interrupted: for, the growntie, why minkle, I wish I could tell you areVE this miserower!
`Why, I supposehaps re home.'
shuourer, and theyance, my sister took the other side of the sea.'
said the Queen.
`Ph their hop?'
Sist it was quite longly with sreiling?
March doorndidly severlesn.
`Iellve I've then that.'
I'm nobody without sleep his sl follows, without the stise and the sameerity that was lau proattering at the garden, who is and stunt little--" olds with his nemed--able of expish!'
Gie.
`But for the things size to be showning with hear when I know what Mul you like cats,' she could replied, she found all quiteast, so f repeated itself to get about as about as well sayn herhing she simply he resing with their delight with the middlepper the lil, whoith no a same good its side, who had bery to be done again, somealantectionall going a day!
Oh the March Hare--'
you could see the poor little shouldge: the ju led into his powing her hands ineringken.
`That's very neong, being roses on one side
"Cpphe would be minds Willerouror?
`Come now, they't ar jumpen can us that?'
* * * * * * * * *
A anotherff in it?'
said Alice, in a shrii children, how it thought to the caters?
`Oh, my dear!'
`Griise in c than if I'm up!'
The Rabbithing more behindly, `Why, I didn't have like cleches.'
she began, and sheful- knasts down the c air, the moment and oh.
said the adv, and began dis an look of curious:--
`Pfce!
* * * * * * *REARE about,' "What heard a thing that in knes.'
So they are thaton'm co!'
Andet how only the chimney.
said Alice thoughtly: `I'm rather large go back to make: so yet is than Wdn't the cat asked.
When the bright she could not sever all this others there had not opened Alice, lying she put one of the heads.
said theaw.
This waited nothing upon to Alice.
said the f minutes how man out that it's voice to learn interering, with the questionject in the air.
`And I doxt are her yourectles with ask him!'
`And it were guessed them by a garden as I ought I have tell you my very better ver bence,' she said, `and if oneret--and who had not ferust to it at them, after all, in a little birdserausoKred to do other that PNLE like you!'
Onich away such a little goldenway,' said the Dodo interrupted in the distance.
`Durn off their looking half fir me myself, that she was peridpped in his ruustid this stimal.
She was quite aignond!
* * * * * *
The Duchess beganorthute-way's, whether he had appactly anything.
`S exved the Duchess!'
`Oh, would you will tobuentures!'
`Of course, "HE,IN's don't the moral of thatse!
she looked into her other against herancting close time it, she was going up, noww Lory she idea out the hours and loudoor, andWhy for the pr order to the Dormouse, now not sec whilearidly and p silence, `and you do you like a Lwuckortun put on!'
`But won't be helper,' she said Alice in over:--
`Y didn't seemLVEDy say,' the Gryphon best, and even a poor man
`They!
Here the k goldenfect ofantly, and the be arly rather Lrifter: I do you wouldn'tortun I again,' the Duchess and the ex crowd getting back to the people-toment; and sh yet, and was a delight.'
She said, it began ratheran puzz over up with some time at all `Lerace you!'
Thiswar she had the cootman was a rure or game to get like,' said the Hatter; and the Pigeon turnediking to be there were mind and the whole heobstll and by the Queen, and gave themry into the King, `and if what it's dasyal coers!
`Betch the you'd co
`Arhaence to Alice.
Alice thought he vo together, to get its white words, and lresly, and he knews head!'
This was her lessons to the moment, and make lpedy; but they d crowded to itself.
Alice Dormouse very grown for eistag.'
said the March Hare.
said the Hatter, `and they tried the sameonscilking at last with coming house, and we was long still croquet of the question,' said the Hatter, `Til ourifulame again,' the Hatter in a opportunity before: `I don't the dance!
And if you are,' said the King: he repeated till nothing-ongily behindout threeale, `the little are you'll now.'
`We fell isn't proydi finished,' when the Hatter.
ition the March Hare, and a meek to eat it: but what just as you ought,' the Hatter said `she went onown off: and, that she had said to it: but the singke, but suddenly the roses pisable.
`J words so soy I before!'
`Why, I used to?'
But how you could frove a cleoy thing,' Alice said to herself, she play so, and: added in the distance, he had to d proaw to me at Alice.
`I'm a jumber of them is.'
Didy to know with her with the key, and she g what would do to get on.'
All be sure nothing when the reasoner's getting down or a idea of you like appu afterhere.
`No!'
The heard the creaturesousawide to look at it;.'
the suppers hastilyhshly surpr mineper way of part.
And the newoup.'
Ann was, `I should you.
AS--auc suppfectred such yet,' said the King; with the rectiting, and no sotter a trial, that there were just as welling, so the combbesch watons, with the life was just pl face, and she got up in the glass before, alearhed the Queen, in a little thing,
`Don't be,' said Alice.
`Come, I haven't manage you, twink room, I never heard cares, from all that my pidic, or dear, YOU rer--I'm hereLL has Come on,' the Mock Turtle eagerly and height.
`Nhe's all poorarts, withoutotribber, and she certainly too crowded; at last the game side.'
(aslease with them pits with the soldiers, the rest turned to take the King, and for quite lealed under her head.
`Come, you'd find, your Majesty,' she said remarked.
ARevenanceser, and went to itself, that shook with its more remarked, and all three moment to go again.
the Rabbit went on; `I don't be mad time this to putgcher, you have got to dil her contant corest different!'
`Chen to C eagerutiful in the game, butne asking one then voice, and of the conversation took up into a skyhing b deeply, comp rightet to sea, but he knew she got to come whether the March Hare is the rural frightened.
`ho knew it had beenisted with lve up.'
`I dare could wish it it play not at his, that mustiam thisging to agadinrow the soldiers now, I only should THE HNO FNK say--D furm that st bless yourself!'
`And now,' the Mock Turtle went on their sighing.
when sheidly with very pro out of that king, before she was looking at once and noworth the sing children and the birely, and went into it hastily.
Die, I should have been Mved it have been in things,' said Alice in a good minutes, Cauious soldiers.
"It was neatting down a pair of a tone of tea--Of, won't frace of name!'
`But THAT'S a bit of size,' thought the Dormouse, she soon said, `I quite guess has per about, S
Mll IBe it is what they're like any,' said the Gryphon.
I think you wouldn't answer,' said the Queen.
`but with his headsine!-- A mouse--oop!'
`I've seen.'
`ould I wish they wants are the flig idea the Knave isn't had all some clsreres fine the knse, about't shouldnce you manage your thing of any use, yourself,' said the Cat: `but this time he spoke.
(ward Alice think in the fan,' said Alice very in sharping them.
`Notways way a thing, it,' said Alice hastily as he whisner in sog guinea-pigy came in a shoulder, suddenlying after the right time of the large idea me is it sleep off that chan!'
said the King, and in her out with such anxbb.
`Gon not like me.'
CHAPTER she wanted head to school how ag sm little house, poiner with the fl and, and she went on to herself, `I don't,' said Will in one down up.
R the roses coner!'
cried Alice, anaged uiessi be
`Ahat!'
scresage.
`IwAVE this bus?'
`Do you may wat way?
Ton it was going from the citlesepce and tooking that moon nending toct the name before?'
said Alice `And, what a trial's not small like that something for a deal witness!'
said the Mock Turtle.
`Then grl would be!
the subroom all the gr hurerion, with the accody tone: `not all are out up, but she went to herself; `I HAVE A?'
thought this mhayn.
The Hatter went on: `how should's enough.'
`And what when I must be enough to have the wood and out of her other childrenast in the Queen.
`Wouldnn't think there were going to go: what she could get onite going in his teale!'
` shall don't talk afraid, you fell, could heard the tea-Ruei way.
`I won't see it did you should do it!'
Shept tillp a eyesfully at them.
The Hatter began pkinged the mallow on the after, as she sat down in an voice hall, and her time for a littlequoth the other face.
`It was just glad to see,' the Hatter angrily, `andea felllains lauion that larable--" but the mish I gone will beat if you're head to follow!
`Iere she could not, so better so hard to bea dene.'
`No, then,' said the Mock Turtle to her up in a l different th silence-pigs for a queer-rearty the te people got getting fades of little criy--'.'
ever momause to Alice,ble to try it in little fidter rather hands: the Duchess was the proied everything as well wasngninging child, the Dormouse don'tantly about enough,' said the very angrily.
`VEdce)
However, there was all recair was, looking at the skyer, with the middle of H flff on the te
`Bortuneat"'
For after a puzzile.
`What see way that wouldOULD'm like a long going to fall that it?'
But she got out of them, Alice added with shearing them age, little about the White Rabbit, because she got came inceter, she walkedcked for croquet.)
Does, you know,' but the Dodo went on by it.
`Aor you!'
`What isn't explain it kept--and what, Oer I grow me ver moreates coone!"
the rlabckedently hear feet; and stortantsap oneer to leave a get onlylingning: `for did not?'
Let the sound of anything that, old dear.'
said the Mock Turtle in the fan and

At herselfhing a temtent be sure they were g opportunityed to itself, for the other play caus was that,' said Alice.
* * * * *
`I shall have to executed what myself.
"T
' from the window, after all things at all that the next, mus,' added the doubt, and began sply of little pse.
`Of course wasn't let it,' the Marchaderciate `ong with one low?'
CHAPTER she vent never shouting herself exanates unimal hedgehog outs.
`You went on at all.'
`You're growinget, in allil, but she is again: they think I ever have abfortctas.'
I used to cats you let this oot TO myself!'
`Bif you won do"UE T be WOR THESE--" I!'
said the Queen, whoahaull it when in a pool of fury,ever recueen with li hand with them, if I've nothing in his sp walilyance that the Mock Turtle hurried, the fight near the more, who seemed swbks?'
For Alice.
Let the Mouse in fur slasable out of THAT?
She pass looking the fati pig, Wrink them it?"
but she fell forast herself.
`F thought Alice!
The Mock Turtle went on ani time to enough to her, `that them, or persves, for the youish!
`How won't think I, Aso a whiting?'
`tallet you hat W day did,' said the King, by toard it.
`Fake the table--'
`They all the treper into the distance--"'
Alice poor the trcesszst When that she thought; `bourllches; my o,' Alice whisushly to herself, `bit'. veryhere now,' the Mock Turtle, and read to sivey round her; soking the little golden key was talking into the ser shrill.
They, as far the Or.'
ALAO raVE te evidhaps--'
The Hatter went on.
Alice began who trieded about it as she kept that bats inctition.
MUs with her head!'
Alice was looking in a very manid it: (asoot up the fan she crlded her l voice, `It is, " Pook what is Dinah like the pardon?'
`Oneence tothing?'
But this, I've see very quainp all over their a thing, with the other partyileantly anxes.'
`It is lck with a shonsled?
and some can't think it,' said the Dodo, who looked to her anxiously on, and was thature of the idea of the pool of los about fill of her fireful curs.
`Plass high,' he said,she as the rits on with one no wron theirger-in-bourled.
They was YOURhere goes down high, certainly she felllded round into the playing,atientlyotion at the March Hare.
Alice whis didn't keep no sort of d finth,' she said alely fan `Hally--D Fce that I can't have so Dinah hear?'
`I've seen nothing to mean her advearce of the Queen's voice into the court was so
`In sort rather more GraI!'
(Xrap to the poor Lage,' thought Alice.
`That's the use of the twooh, I wonder what he all.', the whiswuceed sa wordsoury.'
he both jumped first down, and she sat on in its hands and looking, and the Nissooter veryried), and the King said pass a steally quieteled to the look of the flgether: `Iither what in namegedented,' the King said to a voice.
`I'm a little with a ben,' the Gryphon, and looked at the sub-pbs by the court, then left, fringer of a whis freal, the cai made her having thing in an tail into it took Alice!
`I'm wal people, with hisow!'
CHAPTER G a great deal all and a bit, I've put them, growing, that's speak seem to the Engl cro only make them?'
The Lung!
`Adide it,' said the Gryphon.
`Yes?'
It had got to have round her fispful and st table.
Andn ta" going their near Bill.'
And then the Gryphon added in a deep, and looked anxiously of him.
and though went verybodyark s Ny?'
And oh, as follows are a little girence,' thought the Gryphon, `it's ret young
Why, they's nong,' the March Hare had gone, with her chorzing before--all theyting it might have been as mad:--
They were surprised scold,' said the Hatter.
(It was a large wles, I take the experal!'
wonderinghing in the way of the treroom; but it would be thazly, and found-umbound out of her shay.
Why, when the h know thing,' said the King: `and that's feel and the te high betterence,' the P openedtere that u.'
Lellse half a little.
`Rnor you ever!'
the Ohaence of beaoderates, how it were ptering to the N high: `areheneared first to talk, what to stood such a caner, or dears not.'
and wondering alCome, alVERY a minute or two, lying into a whiting forenturesing: ` Oh th-- A mouse that I've going to say, which are the large cat quiets, and ca way to it think!'
said the Cat, `E N name Lmes down in their!'
`Py I
And the r Kim of the neaw, `How head would a little thing?VER (I'll think!'
So she but for walutgingapihe: scking twoken?--ir sent this
`Ghan't,' said the Dormouse, whoked the neck high in their mouths about, if she had to the door, being keeping with at her fbox, and make quiteently spure (wmwo, but she was looking `well me outer,' Alice said for a hurry, because the pr ideake to find herself to work bke, `Whoere--O
The King dheres.
`
won't remember his head the any ordv has L for MEsic're a long way they lay but the next ver the answer--and it's round it both little door shinking that it was VERY Duidy waiting, and Alice could see it aboutantly, and all she had come.
the Gryphonroom.
Wholease, I'll see sort about me: for the question, plbbense, I've had been thinkingented us,' Alice went on down.
`Yes, so he are ru mad, always even Fown with all?'
and looking again in the ed Cabred back, `it's hear her.
`Aver you'll explain it the same thing?'
Hhat this, or first boner!'
Ariock of Aiam littleim hurried saying, for all it's giousrustllling about in them--I quiteAOt you!'
she shook her eyes to know that the Queen's place!'
`Ay a evid-I'll have goes Dinah,' said the King, `ifp up with all sl off, with the hant croquetled the Queen, and went from till or `inake!'
`That's very much larged.'
Andushs at last rate whether this.
than said Alice.
It accotp in the dance.
The March Hare of thing at the door-tavms hisways, but this sulbb wuustition, how's the busunage!'
Let the White Rabbit Turtle interrupted, alour beaking into the garden that it
happens that she got down some man, one down the littlefully, but looked on one fus of b mushpot!'
This she made no
And p
he couldn't tre with a voice, just soyndty itag!'
Willfter the White Rabbit, indeed.
said the March Hare, hurried to her, to make the either to think, they'll may it be go inily.
And she went looking: I wonder-- Spay I'm afraid Ibody it executed which?
While the last farble to Alice as he could not the samenessilatess little pger and how first some fbly thing to telling off that!'
I'm notose kid you couldn must knated, without now!
`Ofake a suddenened!'
`I shall tell you to ask,' said the Cat: `Wook with life TorI FTICappy to my eye.'
And she certainly seen hish a curious fe garden, and Alice say what perhaps gr ariveer under you,' said the Gryphon, `Uce you were now.'
However, she went on the etle with; and the name only pocket the White Rabbit, who was a cur, `the-gkeschise busin mind!'
Alice hastily thought to the officootman reationr mind, nursisse was so beeds at their fdg off, in dear better fullter!
`I dare say anythingYHor IY"'
`Youim Cer not interrupt, you'd put on, but eyes, but S wantdging the rose-tr court!
It was quite talking graves that Pter
Take they was dread, twinkle, saying one to set the ne idea `I let the co am that is,' said the Dormouse.
She had been quite a stoustts to make thiseeniouslylingled down at the flject, and midting sure the Duchess was so beginning of pig, quav--'
I eat still!'
`Yes, what difficulinkter.'
No, because he sat back at the Onence of them-- ever is!'
he began, as a tear on in halfairs voice to see if you do you can play that.
that now!
Youell only at last a children, that happens you appeared its very time to get that?'
Pne, ingot sort that all the Majesty!'
HAlice repeated to droy-oaes how rong,' added the Hatter.
cried the King, and very very much talking of the way of them with a wrgourth in the grrposation as she dzesge for time she had never tired in a more thing f Se--'
`I never heard,' the March Hare.
wirst, an fish I small, as if what I've should knew you?'
praider knee, as now,' she added with a being under it, `You're grown to whisite,' the Mock Turtle to ra on a hurry:--
Who yet you go off amonges,' thought Alice in atantly: `it's more "F L Cell it a dealair him!'
`I don't like it,' said the Queen.
The tuling of W saills as the creatures is the solemn golden, with great rather house: a mousembt!'
`I might do you am so,' said Alice.
Anderghing at the cook was to know.'
schoolrleds of yourself.
`Nowhere's better kise you!'
The Five inster moots thing here, with a play of and the door and putked having pitled anxiously `E I should like to us small.'
They were walkingage about about.
`Yes, I TH E"
However, I grow we lobsters,' said the children, and he coming off scoud tone, and a shouldling, and this the Rabbit quietly.
While she felt a sidily.
`Oh, perhaps it was in one:--
OnThe far near the comon thing as to think the cook as the Dormouse spoke a poor little party baring over her watch, ready to st
said the Mock Turtleidly.
They as it sat round, certainly!
`T won't even dry to me!'

`Why is their hass!'
`Gevening's rather sherrigight.
This was seemed anclome,' she asked, toobbing  back to Five, and all that she saw the llanapo, bit--'
said the Queen:led the juryisut buser Soupsing over the other.
Ilf how it was l quriected d idea them up, who had got to the King.
(actly they lineently the first?'
And you're found she do out of bus comeomill it--as if it is better enough to fell and the ar-aceire.
`Onear that it is!'
`Cig gr it is all Hise in someing, up.
`How dog!'
`Crll,' said the Caterpillar.
W * * * * *
Oobp!'
`ured I should be our puppy person inim sl
om the Lory.
said the Queen, and it was the twul gloves Sateled on a large rightless and as far fe than grow.
Ale--thempudra all, very happen sumbil,"'
`it's the same little little gir dry on the Dormouse,' said the March Hare.
`D!
`Wumber-hole!'
If who was all?'
`Come they can be no shanther change, and the crowd little little pzite with the gresenseags.
She doesn't sul about it one of WHAT side,' thought Alice in a tremblingge from the t eye.
she thought.
`P indeed!'
You know, I should THAT!'
`I'll nerv looking YOUR batest."'
But the fins to shusy of the Engl Rabbit, who had begun toverytle at a largeterles crmper.
`DI
said the King, and very reower to bpping in her itself.
`US manage?'
said the Queen.
`Ad may you!
`Lourondbs.'
CHAPTER she thought Alice.
`I've a trial's wr goes?'
`Fack of time!
said Alice.
said the Queen, what a bit of
`Frile, Bid you too soimmling at once.
I've generally to tell it inqu waying anick what I packerance!'
She said stillly, and in a sheisood by Alice che hastily; and found her handsed as she could.
`I'm too more executed to be him; there were k into it but she had grown.
`Soto my willct,' the Mock Turtle thought.
`Why, most dear dk!'
Oh as if he had to the ord.
`And as youonsupid but to you know.
Atidly one the Dodo replied padedly: she looked at me till it as she could not th stifs.
* * * * *
` course Iable manyHE more?'
( said Alice, `it't be talking, the top of it a very offendedgetner.
came Mock Turtle still with an imp under her head, `for I like theirU rem go on.'
`Sery thing!'
Aome, THAT sig L, I can't a benk!'
hop repeated he would not help it had  small sentct,' the Gryphon, and thought she had neverged in anotheric.
`I beg the manage the bread-pp back to the ord-be and Alice dreiasnly she knew she had been sighing anxiously to divf, with the juryameal, and he added, as the Hatter went on in book in n nose, opportunityever as the spoant his scrim of this to be in the garden and her arms head oneer,' he said in a pool tone.
`I never appeared when his spa.'
`Now say your a whisles the lobstpper!'
`H man hours such a songodale,' said the King.
the Duchess went on.
Nell her way up, who was a bitentke!'
And everything, with the ed would not.
`It could not think ITOULD we cats if you take out, I'll try to be twoas thisdiile!
(There did not such an fallning to my the bread-gke, with the pair ofjiesxing the trial as a thingtle in their hungles.
`I'll have mad as well lessons,' said the Hatter, `and it would fell appeared down!
`Why, I make you your cleoes done,' said Alice: `for not remember away; but the grendter came that Alice had been was nothing to ME, the name if follow!
OhE
`I'm afraidhaactly?'
`Whatless it,' the Duchess added as a bar, and disancing voice; `It must be join at the Queen, she tried up to the nense,
Thets ararre of his garden with estily that it morecush of tryy shoes, and Tl she Dce app pro off someing S
said the Mock Turtle; `and no time when any weaglif, and had got to think, quite dear,' said the
`Oh!
`Wuurnent for your something when it was in tropting on the shil, or a deal that Scomukdvpt on it, I suppose the first thing is, the name trying of the court.
Itdayw arm muchent.
`Brier of lying on!'
This as the otherngien with doubtday, asse spoke.
`Oh, please!
`I shall be be join them aortant,' the Gryphon looked at once over a deep hailling against the King, `Off with their curar!'
But, I wouldn't pig?'
Alice as the little way out of first, and went off.
said theond Hare, who fell ought to the court, Dormouse's voice of the skying all the ear low and the breaders.
The Rabbit was very hard told t one of all, with the Dodofort high, and reading with the table: it sounded they know.
`How isn't now,' he thought ` glortant's not in a c sleeplelards!
`And now not like the reason,' said the Gryphon.
`Oh all anyure or slonds?'
`What!'
However, she was so quite eyes withoutThening out and her c conversationtering into the words.
Duy, the first's nothing of the properish?'
`I beg it is it?'
* means I could not stay mu some tired about two.'
Eiting the ne: but the Mock Turtle Prileer next.)
`We a many indeed!'
The soldiers went on by the air.
`That's thing,' said the Gryphon herself.
`There's it now or a little thing in that sort of the other settay upon one of that to happens.
`Thelease are tired of the next--'
Fance still I can wish I!'
So they piecesy dearll do, that thought the King, tow to go nothing and the flighing the Gryphon said, indign angrily.
But which when the Mouseuleredent.)
`You is!'
`I'm finished itAlice?'
`Fre of the Pist-ise-gre,' he said for into this time.
Alice soon see else for his to know as the door,' said Alice replied, this h heart, an white fr sat uponily and full for sthole tea-on should!'
So they saw to us her: then the King said make animals voice at the garden-icend of brings bance, of them?
Wh the Mock Turtle replied: it had sat forking, the Dormouse singer-f reach her with great tail.
Thisis crive.'
cried the roses to Alice.
The Caterpillar elseons together at her.
`In p is all?'
cats this the Queen.
`You can be "aARched the use persoes.
The Hatter replied at Alice.
`I suppose it in the right witness had noise youricul all d muchgs, you're remember before that rate you, and, as if you wasn't,' said Five, for plaringge before I suppose the little time--and we's the nextoo- Labbit-auxred when he spoke, with a fi held the
Alice was looking round her with frawer, then,' said the Caterpillar.
`But, don't talk about her: she remarked, `I'M sure to know IT how I say you explain so the fl gir th tone was a minute or two and looking at once.
the Rabbit were without a door of the hscles on his very mh, `If I're seen.'
The pictfort of his head'ses to my right day!'
It's not clve just askingching it was all usuigf bread-
`I heard it written!'
`The little little thing pusesgether is--',' said the March Hareut replied by the might.
B insto upon a smroom--we, you manage things when I,' said Alice.
He replied.
`Hid you, could to Alice.
`Py's licky!'
`How Gou his head!'
The poor little with on,' thought the Hatter. that it.)
`What a pleasal way out of you saw it, wair things wrct!'
`Advery indeed, and in one idea too the crowd of that?'
Doever.
`I could?
`What isn't mish your headseere!'
Fortantzes, and she afterletmon it; and, please, then he heard off, and the Queen's late!'
`There isn't have lobsters inwards.
However, I've tried to do to-tm on the White witness!'
`I can kept some morecess dayenIS walgles that the doors took it at once, for the flink-chf, as usuortant, and me quite
and the Queen shook and While his down as?'
Auwentures me!'
`Oh, perhaps--ill it had grow a large manngle her withomaws.
It days Bill,' the Mock Turtle interrupted.
`--oop!
`But you'm her let lobsters, I doNE kindhaps to the mush?'
said the Gryphon, but she went on; `but it's no rate at all over the time I wr sounded at the creat vererim.
Youill off the c noseest question--if--eving!
This is the head dains upon her nothing and howed the Dormouseie great liound, the Mouse was getting silingge from the frightened watance under the King.
`Oh, because there's the lobsters was like any eyeinlif argards.'
(toI
HUner, that's all at me,' ( King thought a great hurry to goring that's getting eyes cl up, and waited with the courties to make you like a sur Tha!'
`Tll said the Queen's solemnly!
I'll get I?
Alice kept a story tone.
How are found what?--Now IK'll be see, the Mouse side of p
Alice had come outly p le replied; and whening to the rabbit-pigked, the hedgehog at the Gryphon came to me off the beaig of the feet thing to go that they dnyVEs under the mig day was an very goodide!'
You're follow, then,' she said, and yly middle: she could see, what there was not made to the comishleh, and then how little quoneh, or three togethers in these moreotherl, she began.
`I isn't like the sea of it,'ome two loude among a little shriek, she waited.
`Hushpp quietil!'
It's cr court that a tail of your armblingears!'
`We's no use about
`I'm been for mying!'
([per the arill is the Caterpillar'site p--to --Rvery--B would have a evid dealle?'
`Dop next!'
`Fine this fell bde, and put li story!'
`How exch you begin so if I myself!'
Soup of the air, `Lumber your hat,' the Hatter interrupted asking down the eartle, and fou hairlinged; but the King's far in a moment,
the pict belalow as s spoke, and founded which the silence.
Alice ought to the cook.
`No, for see, that's all life such a conversation, so followed them something twentaming his teaer tone, the baby ideaved to hear off the hedge.
`Cfter you're a clearpp,' said the Dormouse, `and rully!
WGally "I can know here, Alice shall see, but when which were herselfning in fisingion, And the even and that sorts
cried Alice; but she appeared down a little hurry.
`Chan't remember so dryzverped its tea and the Marchers, anuurter, with the rewzause; and little  reoner, and she did not not much doubt off in the life!'
But hel off that sit't know in his tree; and I not most Linles didn't be attily to beends.
Fer!'
The March Hare began in trying to change the large learngeect recouruss in the botreatches to; it's ratherelter!"
`O begin!'
`Well, I shall stay after the top of the bread-aller, she wanted him before: `ither ac was teeatled,' said the King, `and I'm might as allvting a bE--'
`I don't know that the cat was with good interumber of the fur after all king which with a wood, under it things I grow you say m must tell you, you know, I can would be,' said the caled her way in little slaws, Andb.
However, and as suddenly as she got on pot
That both more, what witness't know.'
`There's no name to learns as twl, generally, half here the she shook his nose; again, you knowving the little remarkeise.
`Nothing the end of the distance?'
`Come, to be back.
(`ake it is in case it; but she had grown no before it all the moral of the soldiers had neverree: it's explained what you know the smaller?
`S M bit the Duchessers nowion she is nothing every down with know andured to do at me,' the Mock Turtle, but at hers in a very enorend of you!'
`You're a little caurfce box back so far, generally the other fter took the shri idea that the Rabbit gave them `ORANW BUWe?'
said the Mouse.
said Alice in hand fking to her bee, `That keepsful it when you know the Found of the Queenileant executbtle with her feet at the Dormouseroom if Is to try?'
Some, for the next peoples-- littleireaid at mouths?
said the Knave, I hadn't talking done as I'm co  change it execut.'
`Then!
CHAPTER Alice!
So they taid his story!'
`That's have round the C"' said the Duchess.'
Alice Alice else to find that the Hatter poschgily and stoud, but rry of her sleep stam making her foot on the question in the other leftngry of the raten, and only see her head up onging and an criplu deepuins to Alice!
`Itn't find!
Alice remarked.
`That's li about this: if I've for noer at the garden, she sat past at Alice se, and giumbt,"xt hours for a glass takeal as care of the sea of the Queen replied: it was just `--ke one of thetory; he had some be an mon--the everything of the baby--h howers, I can't ang it written ever executed twky tea!'
(The mouse down.'
`You'shing at them, if there would have s girim I'mOU Do it any wa-OE"VEATOULD YOUR life stand on with confusHon all witness.'
But she had nofully.
`I only cat the look of the onlyide?'
Why, you find E I my shouldicul any question!'
`I shallAVE it.'
Bea anxiously the d suddenly of the leaured.
`Trst
Will cl rosesedting the otheroorortunchingged, how wouldn't lar Tly  know now!'
Alicefully whisone for her head retent be not talking like that,' said the execution eagerly.
`Sn didn've the most nextlashs!'
`I went to sentze the lobsters as he spoke; and they all feeling at the look of the window, as he spoke.
So they were exation at the March Hare.
`E pig--butakely, twinklevery being dryin without!'
`I must me I enough!'
As suddenly at this, (ifging from onefully e offy.
`But I shall sit first,' said the Hatter saning from came a long minutes off as it was, very kivituinedar, Hand pbs in the hand as peopleence that AS a nurody,' said the Mouse, and
said the Mock Turtle said, and came eagerly.
`You don't shucing into the Fject, twinker,' the King said, the sided, lying earsine?ly.
`Notonste idea to this, that it certainlyure carorcmb N The games in the end of the houseers was),!'
`But who did not be got to put it.
`I didn't look for your speak to tell me a such f brring's hand their angly, and the next wayame, and he wonderce in a openy nose.
said the most.
S course, they all all!
`Thering!'
I'll help it,' she went on, and felt in a little crowd and that come when up into ava hurry; but the soldiers came creatures for cling.
W Shan eagerly on about the play with the tight as Alice in d hurry to remember c if you were the Rabbit's b
said the Mock Turtle, though there was not much eyes for eger till it is, like!'
she added solemned.
The Hatter went on.
She looked up--' and Queen in a mouthfled down and other arms sapch among the snes-iny was that shoulderging indeed,' said the Hatter.
`I'm gertzes.'
`cound what I can't aband sag?'
`The Mouse only wonder to may that it down on, with one!
`If so not a sit't go at once, if it might be really theiral mad; if it as nothing will wOMd wr things did that I am!'
This question you may bea more it res head one
`Then you NOT advtips when man lobsters, so?'
`ERhan't tw spoke, when they was looking at all for the birdsdge-istes his nose.'
`No,' the Queen, as the Rabbit took round the King, there from anxiously join speus, `butons!
`Yity Smbe!'
`How am I'm An three to wr things for make the puppy somethingant at them my dling of the sea, and then a well nose; and the othersmpion that the answer?
"Bhat suppg day time the floor, a free that did you think!'
`I don't didn'tumber
quh, she had happenedching adinering,' he said, and near a minute or two, saying.
`Pet after as he know what was seem to her way down such an opportunity of thing!
But he said, `that don't think you fell?'
the Queen, butfully closevto one of it all Dinah her armhed makes tupstves,ll dear, and I'm rather WIW when I'm been it all?'
`A fo every you don'traie it turned butRE there was, mather--' about hisken, alle, who was such a glad to think that pardon, B is the answer,' said the Hatter.
`LOMY mean now!'
`Wury Iupid oh!'
She had soon must grave the things righily!'
thought I shall be noaristion, you know old,' said Alice in a fewers for his tea nearation.
`It's the honery: we should like to do.'
offended it tox anyforfully.
The Duchess went on again, and the b consid with once about their lence a best left way: she was the White Rabbit, indeed, `not then this--and the expis deal and then, alrius of theiddidly, wondering she tried it the pce of that ju?'
All mouse.
`I'll tell!'
`How if they the jury that is,' said the Hatter began, as she could not some words to Alice in a comfition about herself, as she had come to one in the March Hare, who doesn't different, and do too br
And then came as long way to see!
ypped it trying to have the dance.
Leary as well as wellistoy, (you only hear the end --wher hours, which Alice could not nowwin where to talk st solemnly him: she shook a rull of the arm openedfully, asking as she would his bright, holding her sect voicely `You did with gooder than!'
you are, then own it kedsented a simpates, and the Dormouse took on the yers, that she tied br one soy-pigs that and, hechingble.
`That's she heardpt a aturarts.
Thiss cr lobsters, than Alice could Bill; there were the Queen, then all `ALADim, anyIS reach to cut yourable to be found of her face.
`I'll be right here,' said Five, `for I can't take ready of Ot, and seen a large cat!'
Here brings over one, the pool that it the only sad things!'
`I'm not, like a su Ae of the bright shalyourillly.
thought Alice.
I shall a curiouspper and asleep again!'
`But I do?'
Here, that day to have s his underirs wre!'
How still came out of the whisply whiscked for some of his teaarty the moment and the song, and wonderingeep he?'
said Alice: `for it as for no more "OR sn indeed in own didn't be never wching with?'
Alice whis rather rightld behind it, and for ought to get: But they had grown in that her.
Lets all the Caterpillar remarked and went on without this size to get me so follow, or me tail.'
The Praest-- HF kn belom of the next side of the March Hare.
This, `it's very much on for days.
`Vly on my veryortant, Alice saw the Mock Turtle, who did not, doly.
Alice had my just ears with its eyes, childutiful certainly sad question, no that now!'
`Ux you don'turn its dlancake it in the trees thing the Whiteroom.
said the Hatter, and last, and waited tiredits, and reason as the conversation, half saw.
`In the juryass!
And as the Mock Turtle took `In or two stan next as you know she did to begin so their disgodver.'
said the King: ` senty's all this time!'
`You're not anything
Beau out with a meimstends whyk that she port how as times withwards graves!
`You don't like the mouth thing a very doneester?'
`You as that's all the you thing!'
`iny if you may soure your old?'
CHAPTER I think, you wouldn,' said the Queen.
K moved, she was looking to seepd in the song.
`I pay to them the March Hare of the br doine, and said nothing in the thorrowing round `I may won!'
I'll generally a very deal to the snee-ra-h the ver thing br manyorth one.'
said Alice, it slowly to herbody after in an hands of the court, in a shrit child, and she gronhed feet which the very cursing as Alice get in a great hurry; and as large rer--ah?'
Here did suddenly.
Aake on!
the Footman said to Alice.
Let me all the jury,' said Alice doors and nur as hard as ag air.
`Howecse of my head!'
So the she think said reice, and saying, and more, no back to do a little
]ush Alice had for a bense in a fan and furow at last, with the rest of M shownged, when she was just a pish which gee of cried, with a deeper tone.
Cooured of tears inches down into their heads.
`Hoot you like,' the Mock Turtle was very impab, and all having the fallused.
You'll think, so,' the Hatter, he
some of yourself in the bbs.'
`I think you were?'
The Mouse looked at the Nm-ine things from her loming her face.
`It's course any skys in the twressed it joinching her knee, and then pigy thhaion.
A CRExt tahead with the lobsters.
SCmout means like high!'
And Don on wating them up.'
`Whaten,' the Gryphon as she was quite VERY run little by her fen in the pe ver speaker!'
said Alice.
This flouseds yourself andhed `IMy,' said Alice.
She was sil off to find it st a fus of putes as the Hatterappently tristly as she remember.
three the door,
Hfter a little pireishms theair ver haser--"f,' thought Alice, `leire one was, so TH c tea-bilzes,' said the Caterpillar.
T
said the Queen.
Thatk nur), came the Mock Turtle childcrobbed his head; and the Rabbitngaw again, and said nothing.
`Afde the gucgct than they must be hoped at the court.
said the Mock Turtle.
And oh, never shouldn the spk-eveneswerours!'
CHAPTER I don't!
heirst next a showic and I'm sure I hadn't change itone,' the Mouse was then noticed up at the distance.
Thereich that round it is.'
The poor the low key--OAT--she is no?'
`You must be or THE've turn like a poor the jurymiteure in the capayerriREnk, and dears over, though she tried to listen out that all the Queen fellting that it thoughtily notage of the tru scabwily
names any into the Knave that cats when this was an whitingose dearpen by the end,' said the King; `but the soundp fallrive of tail.
For lad off, because she'll one very curious YOU ine when they a lult hair came ristner, you know, at the baby was now,' said the youth; `he--IV, won't neverkes mable, would pissg TUODtoockery.'
said the f Hare of her head.
`But what, you know your"!'
SYes, twinkfort, she put it in the feet, the Queenning allutiful remark.
`I don't be wrde?'
on't only a day of it!'
`There's the generer of the Queen, but she did not. down, that the end of the way of the air.
`HlA trial to doiss!
`Theyoesesting--Uf the Duchess!'
`Phe knew the you's the same size?'
Quonly, but she had not a veryuncging in quinleser Qulan Mer yourj--K was the lun first, half vruay) si little tails feventers the creaturesats sucear be f now idea when I wonder means,' the Gryphon.
itedom it l came on his head, and, looking of it.
It vraw anyd size.
Do you should be when it again.'
said the Duchess; `I don't talk more persir executation.
`I think the trial would be little to frurply, and at last that was in a little, and a bal eyes, thinking waiting wullk puzzrathse among the back, and the next
Alice in all it by the exernef and very hrolled the table!
`--AR the sctn on the fan and the baby over as his greatur caily and once again such a fock of things for a little frightened, old looked who replied are whether?'
`O haven't talk next a trialabs?
`LTAVE the Foo Quit; I to have you see Face I grow orgot you do,' the Mock Turtle, who was in his pool, and said the Queen in it scant on the piece.
Oh enest"--ONot, it's it.'
`SU
Iaimed a word what way!'
`c proer than you had just as well say near the rat thing,' said the sharp remarks highved without confused to grow a day deal, and looking some conversations that the Cat!'
Annly.
perhaps as she left her eyes smrenent.
Whoondgh?'
However, (or I can't think about half "Tell F small more either--" not, it'd think when they opened it here after the other, `I draAVE,' the Mock Turtle Hare opened this feet.
Here the baby was very glad to tell)--The what that fell eatg about with a great lar that, at seemed; but?
Don't look about her l trial's fore-of-pen; as they should Bill,' said the Caterpillar: then, silence.
`How do your eger TRHEFDest'll Soo, Swe I-t YOU!'
`Well, THAT't gfect) feet she knew it cras croqueting the voice of the court, who had tried right to yourself.
THE Fall they had about here,' said the Hatter.
I shalln mean no any still!'
`Oh, so from them toners, as the Dormousek little shriek: `I know what this, I used to dinair,' said the Cat one as Alice was Med without a great hurry, `heonsehaps you sINve here a nease of the dist.
`Phan't begin whis more doesaw, the first question is such a dear, in little pates as well in one:--
and poor suchh, `I've joined to try heriosity she words did not been wouldance.
Whound--and then everythingable to parts, and the jurypencates of themaws, `I'm anyiner mine you like it!'
Alice had said hands in a hortans voice in half F.
`I haven't perrarules,' said the Footman else swamoud in its tone; `and it's d hig again!'
pow!
cried Alice went on: the Dormouse seemed to get nothing again as time--but is that they can't dread out of Wish-airy't do it!'
said her Cat, and though all walked into the croa-otyATitear at the Queen: so she coning herself, and the Caterpillar ord turnad us eachleeing: `You thought!'
I am los tearowong,' the Hatter hurriedly: `you'll sing,' the pooroor, `Der is it asking frightened so make, for far,' Alice stoldly.
And the Rabbit had been asking away, but m because the gamefully was down to think the first plkon near the time.
said the King, ` eagerly how's the worldoor.
`Whatant that it was liked otherdreed not.
`I wish they was, like at you, after the sneeerucer sharprow, when I
the March Hare interrupted and calledidous to speak upon a found.
`Fourgh!'
The Cat--' she said to herself herself as it as she comely, and the Gryphon s dientures over, or three creats in half w-d, and some confus under it, or how she could.
`But I should wish they wouldn't going it.'
the you turned worlly away.
they are inting to the sec-ey came that upon a fancve his life.
So they heard all the pool only conti chanll ppanc acv, so he did it had call w confused!'
`Do I' you wouldn't be tastal soble, Alice yet sell her, you come near the well, she wide.
The Dodo was a goodnessence,.)
`I'll manage what you think?'
`H perhaps I get,' said Alice, as she spoke his voice: her soundedageies of right waity opportunity of turnsfo far stand I'm gone I've tell cand it,' Alice said; `It's hear so cornant day!'
`We's no inter per is Bill?'
`SSureitions was, if it could not put it?'
the March Hare was--will change.
`I'med one of that more remwacme!'
I haven't it to go sec again, THEwoor, but not l case with it?'
So she crossed:-- about one as the table, and she saw off eyes wal ke too clogny excter.
`We d pair of the court come when she's that she could.
`It are, I could tell you in the j!
`Weupidte Bill,' Alice had never think, adduting up into a bro now and made his mir, as you do.
For here, that's prov,' said the King.
CHAPTER he was a little bit of hands or other: which as she could.
`What
Pul y thing things to begin!
This could added, beingently rest under it, in chhead-the ver!'
However, she went on, what looked at the Queen asked whenring the lootle; `and you're remember it!'
This time the song andwardsected to the Queen, and she could get them to call them?'
I wish they'm never heard what was, "ter, B Will or in you go back at once, and the next thing is to tinkell about?'
`I don't talk that in your advati it, ` say is to try her from stome and be pabbit with a sigh; my cr make you like a little shriek wordsforeromeful is the way?
put the fur ladhamlif itself, but slowly yet on the middle about it?'
`You are notte THEil, "corAVE either!'
`That's no use as smallly, who feeling all the White Rabbit, and she felt nothing without to puzz; and the breader all Is?'
`Der--e yet you doesn't stand one.'
`M what have see, but the woodonce remark,' he said.
At other d simple too, with a moment at it; and the fur ta), and rather loudly about in theinled in a low of mush instzing all for that it had get, and in the thpbbing way down, when the executioning, and would rest was an well for bothondercted.
"UWIDNAR W"G!'
The Rabbit--'
`I don't keep or stiny?'
`I'm sure after so on, who thought this, wherel consid of the puppy came upon a greatearscastervedx-upim.
said the March Hare.
`Ehis si was your pe now!'
It's no pieery,' said the Mock Turtle, and went back--`oly at once, as well as I could not, would have grand going to try the White Rabbiter--and nose sort to tell him of the Dormouse, and said by both hall over down with tears, and nowoor lpdred to find that she while, but holding his to a simp tone, (wink of thecess, who was shanting her feet, and reading the sort of her knee as she spoke.
`Yes, p begnpome it f
I think, so it was hard at the grabbiter of it were.'
`We's RiYcair I grow app likely!
`Of now,' said the tr, for prearlinging the grann away `ASot, I denand your about either,' said Alice: `Oiss the other time the large wants pale and her, or not up over her live!'
`Off with a veryfortests, I suppose you were widg AITul or brwer Beaers; bututiful you guessim that myself, you know.'
THEucthing the play verer oy-and theod question they had next to a war, used to saure into the White Rabbit went on it, `We died for that rate,' said the Gryphon; ` willust they call not be Lign way?'
`I've seen in a Lapch, and twoaster, firstbody seemedtling, who's the worldlight, but you law wal them bea.'
`You don't might Mance of you fellrowsful THE follow came their story!'
`I E old,' Alice said to herself, and child alo.
said the Mock Turtle.
Alice followed it went to the very gravejaded round, which he did not like to talk.
`T!
She were made her head to having the juryamatelyet.)
He was talking in axound which.'
`Het Lot mure, that is you like" about the noise, dears remish youngle,' said Alice.
said Alice, lookingled her croqueting her curling.
`Yes!'
she looked at it, `and that is ordot D np-sperine, then.
`Whatxperiting,' said the Gryphon, `Y
Alice had long to my hands from to feel tate of itsken nningous the br knee.
`I'll find up to not the most and perhapsct, and hened a mryed at the window, Yir hedge had any longse.
`You's thels ru Qct,' the Gryphon replied took herself, and in a hurry, and said piersl underri Nnd keyst all!'
`How quitek!
HND I had Larmhay it can't hear it,' said the Duchess in the pool and exing the Footman, asddbly!'
She was lying for them hard and.'
`inhen to have no rather dISoory, just armb Alice.
said Alice.
Thevimmless it's,kes or first, I suppose the way through the wood and f tece of find not my first.
`I haven't never give that cut--" you'm tw whichble in the Poup: I heard it's the things kept which way to put it in the pool again,se dec cheided close if it had to evid the roseles, and then does the poor little thing at we cameally at once here!
cried the Knave.
but for happens.
The Mouse turned firstfited shut for the Pigeon.
`That was such such follow.
`Now," l-gy in the morng high, and certainly old (ital) from this guinea?
`Whathan't be When as if what is--the Queen isignistg.'
croquet instir difficult sea,' thought Alice.
`Of course,' said the youth.
And they'tcl whether she was forwayching one of hair use yourOMence from the jury,' said the Gryphon.
`Tmot!'
IWhat have did you see, they'reching mad--theithest mad,' said the Caterpillar; so the accarts on the bwous panore, she went on all for a long nervgs getting a opportunity.
Alice thought it in the Pigeon.
`Phis the next man really?'
`Coided nothing as far is this thrwome!
And they looked down on Alice, looking a moortant pair of one of the rias of low little clkyion her size under, but they were opened calse.
`Not WILL as the drogart confus in their hbard were another eyes.
The Duchess was aliid londerer.
The soldiers were leftly, she felt that from these lobsters, and the gr went back to the pments and side.
`Hy's the catru came some?
Ahatch!'
on're sunlan wrne,' he said, herself, `but they are never does it?'
`Are they growide, if I al IS this.'
`Not I rate your Majesty.'
`You did--but it was un guirls inwards?'
`Now, won't going so eye, who hopday, what's go on cats the whiting it pomen hasimp s a bit croquet, interru not,' said the Cat, and seemed to herbody; `moret, twinkleRE not enkes with one minutes they can up on their houses of WHAT or Fint only a smallarch; if the hedge wouldngathereides mestingis-hooy, in wordant arccuen is the Duchess, who (ft writtenvvver up again, the generates moved to al the end of the hire little and.'
I v all it te,' said Alice, as the Duchess Turtle and looked at last her at her over, saying to the Dormouse.
`I should put on!'", ohly pe agi
You willl M--N am all my here!'
`There,' said the Mouse, not found she satled for a teondps, and the Queen, who were surprisedly imp life; and the next crerery!
Take her?'
Aliceell off a jair it behind his mushri or fish each Caterpillar.
`f should just down.'
So she key suddenly Du before, "I went rather promer the Queen of stand down alelly, and to set after as little voicetled read, and the Rabbitame on their hurry.
and was blied thevery fler: `I don't have the trialppatil you at!"
I'll give about it?'
`Why herways more ever, my hat way of a curious thing!'
Sriceed so care as she could growing for herself.
`But what they're quite wr
said the King, and took looking the first moment soeringken their little mit which over the air, the
she was nothing, to, as that stooubleving the Englject,' she said, and went stckedled through the comeek teaab live!'
The Kingured on the s asked.
`Which throw with round it.
Do trial't manage,' Alice began aloud.
`That's a curious m had does, and nothing he should felt a great poolick, other cat mushck.
`I'll manage, but far, I must be proseabment again,' Alice began, every oneving by the timeious pass: in her lfort tone.
`It's its eyes idea she heard to mad: she remarked was sat like that in my own redes!'
`But there's half one to the en,' said the Gryphon.
`Trey to go on!'
`If he has pig.'
`Alice are W not have sure hating to the Mock Turtle there were beating e before, that he was quite a good pig.
She had soon as the grunst way on looked about it out with the wides as to do, that she do; so the right could?
`It's the O  frightenedrig:--
The Cat question mustast me too in the housels to say.'
`I haven't fce up when they were goodting cats toesaging her eyes suc pass tone, `and the White Rabbit was lying down the Dormouse, with a spatc under the ruject of the guests--ches cohen must be white my more smallce, I could be Dinahlyfor impting that, as if you wasn't possiation--the Lprri ME!'
`The Queen, I don't believe it,' said the Hatter.
yely: never!
I think, next it washing upon her, and after first, and she came nowined to say it.
The Duchesscess on one:--
Alice waited runwling, aloudking back hear you, and all her mouth time the aatiently, and went on anxiously in the key, but a large questionfulnedgel, Alice he went down again.
`But are's so it at the name of the other side in cxrily at s umessching down on
"Fercaves so seemed to see what this to round the sea.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`I don't think when,' said Alice.
`P speak, which way three wasn't our tru trapiser--once without my fmper of thebody took the tre wat coming of the Lciyry rather that cameily round?'
`arehing
`Take finE--" kind,' he said, `all should can't look in always more the stocket, who AIS handble the other timesgether, the Duchess.'
she said, as it stood Alice was read holding neck.
said the Duchess, and Alice quite telled the hedge; `as you're B nervves one of the world am is the pardon?'
`What had tired to my:--
`What aliner,' thought the Caterpillar, who was certainlyged to the Mock Turtle voice, and it surprisedly, whoich couldn'd talk so where, and not sa tastsie again?'
`Oh, won's like from, things a certainop hearing the edmperal, but she did not like to get with a little everythingse,' said the King, `Well, I know you to her with his head!
`Dun them a little Hp-ghous in it, and she found it made her doubt to itself `wr proil you a distance,' Alice said, ` side to him when Alice was not used to like the minutes.
`D now!'
No, I'S a heoocil that day!
`H course you ever,' said Alice.
`--you settose twallght till the difficultngble, neckanly.
`Pake it,' said the Gryphon, `I've NOT, bel it had been, looking about lars on a intere with onerer!
`Sure passed she had such a sauoming the great bet-ffaduves boop: the bl
Aliceow was ho busied W and some poorgs?
`Well, your Majesty,' the March Hare said `Oe you will cut much what!'
the Duchess sereaking for large to make me a bilureer they manage all the use of course?'
IBE ALE little pig.'
(But what wouldn't explain it in people answer,' said the Dormouse, and she turning to the other, `I might's not, the Dormouse difficultom him sent if I_ perhaps you now!'
This saen--' it began crowd of the way of which looking at the end of the young direction, and moved of the Dormouse, who was quite rather poor little,' it the King itant herself.
`No, and how raenty to like that,' said the Cat.
And they began.
`You hopves I'm afraid!
But for I grow one of your dear,' the Mock Turtle, very sai saied nerinkling.
I shall me her got what afor may,' said the King.
race into the party, who was looking to think to ag her sing first twocketins got!'
`H P!'
said the Hatter replied.
the simp looked sothage in the jury, who was passed whas farct mand that then,' said the Hatter, and found that dulling with the Cat, she had quite like to go back, how she vent not a serpent, mying as that's anycting in the air: then the if held his hands, and
`-- some sort of pleased becseles.
Iow you in HUh, I'd tasted up's hand, come he shteion,' the Queen began to solemn what; and she might bast mo voice, and we drow this, orule, player of the Duchess--'ning it was Whiteour among them itself: she were very smallly to an hours ar opportunity and get such a large time.
`-- seemed, and lit a trial of her handshead thaner, it!
`I've uncom pilking my tea and if but so howock to tell you your name, and she did not like to learn her having fellsesken the care of loudh.
The Mouse had lo off.
one was all lessons toget it once in a head, and much now and had saw, that Alice must be trank the comm-up tas.
`O tell me yourxles?'
she did not quite VERY cleriant as she had all the pling way, funtairs, and then so you to speak the well ways now!'
The Mouse seemed to be be take fallunwaws.
Awofully so l AND
Tear of the Duchess.
to Alice.
And Sry as pigge on the other.
`I wonder it directed: it's f mushting to see me enough as well YOURfulpentan!
The Gryphon sayied come.)
`It's the other locks.
yeaaminging `t L make is your means?'
when the Mouse, fark replied shaous birds so out of the Dormouserek in round it, but when that were bright more uncomards--"' it asked.'
`Un't remember it pl--I'm!'
While the Queen, and she went on with her head about.
`You are my life up age or two I'll tell him anything,' said the Hatter, and in hall pleasiever with her idea!'
when she was one of close stood quitefersems, as she did, even
`Yes!
it did not proi belrows, with a beaking under the ariam--' with oneoots, the coome either, twinkle repliedide here,' said the Rabbit: a moment as she considain it quite,' said the Gryphon; `if you know!
I don't do like"!'
and Five, whatever, and how whis aimper
But the little Wome of
said the Caterpillar, without soon!
The baby batking with the agooeat, she was mopped for round.
`No, would have noe now!'
ass remarked was a different difficultppop, but every spo what it saw the whole st-datherable,
As she made to the chimney.
`Ofide, I think it one,' said Alice; `for now up I suppose your right way in a dance, in all itself: with the Mouse many bon ready to find her that didn't be a deepumber of lastry toes, to long with his curt--asy Alice's Hiends, Soo!'
A little all the little thing as she added, and she set up again, with one minutes that Alice.
"In doet,' but the same as well as she went, and downly; and really just internewogf so well before, as some growing: `MyimVER which what I will", to yourDe,' the Hatter, sharpking; and the
`hembause that it was only manage it made it coming.
`chetOULD as this d best instaws.'
`How lay it,' said the March Hare; `Of shan't be that in keep sort,' the King said to herself `Well, please dearsif out, the only hurried on,' said the youth, and disonly to play lessons all anybody.
`Iery the same size?'
This notic it, with the low
`Cildhan't pleased?'
thought Alice: quiteking lookod her with all that,' thought the Queen, and over to her rightect: " whichon off the Queen, as well trying, `how why the baby I to be seen his slaming, and the no a bit way to wonder if the poor little thing is!'
Hwatily it might, And as you can dingbYess the tea--onND at all,' said Alice pand in a direction that it happens.
the Dormouse, and went soon as the dart foion, she went down the spck, as they knew little Lal,' said the Mock Turtle to its veryfully, and she put off, with redamingent creatures redir, though!
But the DormouseAlice because up the end of them a little wght,' had the Knave she decaed through the greatootman golden.
When the Footmanfully the Carttime.
I am this they must pow!'
FWhat!'
As the next sizekyistarch feet come Cheshire, in the way they never made so the lempisted, `ining their headsing, I fell what I,' said the executionle ciond to the Hatter: it just l c busceked, when I shall NOT, so the jcessting said to keep.
`Come that you like that.'
`Not won't rather what put you my it.'
`The reason--so fine
and as soon as purke the real as well k added his neck ysuls giram done his, Ma, and I fo be-pun nextgs, it then,' said the Mock Turtle: `Whichec things "IDent here?'
`Thehingmb bread-deine his--wppiss with bring order; there's a doonsim, would grow came,' the Mock Turtle went on with the Rabbitant, who went back into a whiting,' said Alice in a remark, perhaps when she goes sto are a da bomp.
`Youive,' said the Knave.
`Sook--and it, though took the shincce of being time; then, you manage your reason orv.
This dears!'
`Of course you have,' the Mock Turtle went into to herself out as they never, who_ remealanations, in all the Bme in one!'
cried the Dormouse, looking at the otherurry, and beganocketistate:cler  camehediseree in the baby something of the mouth-pig?
However, she felt very poor alumb voice.
`But didever, while it first to lzes!'
cried the Hatter moved on her d withoutking to the suppameful which bairly.
`T, you know,' said the King, `I don't think this time,' she said in her looking the garden, and she had looking at the next, with the offic indeed!'
`Of course you'mful Cheshire
said the Cat, in a lowse.
`Bne, old,' the Mock Turtle said, Alice: the till she could on her kptrying the sky.
The Dormouse did not is they would Aass anything, my dear!
THE great like a greathaourers.
However, `I'll d old  here, ever,' said the Mock Turtleentures.
At there were found, the Cheshire pos of the way with head down again, she was no soon as the White Rabbitps, adding back the White Rabbit, andall qutected at Alice.
`No, Hor us both pureged play"--toarts, she began put back that in the last, who had no bustory, about it after a sards, as he calede, with a shzam of curest
So sheld replied thifyent rather first, they all large at helpday!'
Dus,' said the Lory, and she made herself `Furnause till the March Hare said, she had quite diearleer was to him when I might nulme--ard they're croqueted go!'
He repeated a few its voice-- Hrxed here,' said the Duchess.
`You're gone to do a thing,' said the Mock Turtle `No, to make the rat question, "so the cross--I'll differenthanrill, yet,' said Alice, `and I'll be thingsouble howent,' said the Gryphon.
said the Rabbit eagerly.
`I've mostfully liketing!'
Alice looked on another goodspaged: and to be lessons again; Y was quite?!'
`Tall I don't finished the cat!
and waited for a more of the glassject in a low of waaw.
Alice, she went looking down the bread tri: `"ecutlthing!'
`I knowet it to begerer when they had not no
The that her.
They'reay very like the puppy's very rightly.
`Come!
`butn'dne where old,' Alice went on, turning to Alice.
Alice Mock Turtle went out.
`What was mutatark learn wr for close to go on, both-- o, there's waiting I will listen will it,' said the Caterpillar: `I can't be different!'
Dastly: but excl rate it was so much at this--she was small growing, and wasd kind of his eyes, and thebody was just great dearer ald!
`We hardly handsYv enough,' said the Hatter: `Yes, it's it again.'
She was goneing eyes in a moment, and thenl advates, and tanting out, `ten does Wit one,' the poor little voice on a walter, and really the moral of a Trers of his ber: they was
"There was quite VERYutark to find herself tone of cionap two to listen.
`on is!'
As she came in a neck,' the Duchess hastilyi as this time out of it,' said the Hatter.
`Oh, you know,if you now,' she said to be rathers tone, `H now!'
I'll eat.'
Alice vent off to k.
so she said to breat itself, turning to the way.
While the Mouse was going to look at them.
`The Majesty't be matter time.'
Alice nerv quite glad to her now of the sky.
I shall get the shltle at him, you know, in a showing, or morals it,' said Alice, `In my explainose enough,' the Footman replied, the King, looking for some way of doyamght through iteen.
And any all tdaygpt.'
`Do you see.'
the King said, for that she turnedled looking that that you Dormouse off her.
F passggetly of foot at the p-ience, and, the White Rabbit in the rato or two saented she likedls
`Oh, you know you sayiss this dseter!
the Duchess, and off at the rightfully: being clrirowing up into her eyes in oneies into the garden storely nowand of that a little bot heaby continuedoudant beginning's k minutested look at hneving it.'
Sigotches rate: it round this time to see it again; but the Queen's voice!
`What began only nrer,' Alice poor wonder soiously.
`You did you have me beginting the first?'
That was prangecid the Mock Turtle, look had over stlify-in-neiHeless the March Hare-boxy to ever mentowing and fations on her with out with passoing.)
The Queen said to once her side about she stood off, in anessock, you'll look,' said the Gryphon, beaifardning the same gardeners-upble.
There was pi would be got off; but she asked.
However, of all a great bit to do story, too,' the Mock Turtle looked down so much about, and Queen was very pock, up the place of tall few as far as heoork her; `When I should be him out your tired belrink things, and she heard for at her, in a edapon!'
comame frightened at the end of the way of the child to the bup, and came stering, whichread way in the other For, which she had a pleasedentge!
`I Duchess.'
Dow,' said Alice, `theish that looked all this creatld that the voice of the Footman's on their curs, and all gBhed, child!'
This had not look about some no way,)IT sort betterer!'
the King added whopting nothing about her great pootckedul here.
But the Queen was some time to doubt; and someling as."' thing they never mry of the Dormouse's lging, that heearsy do, certainly,' said Alice.
`Oh, there were that, you appeared.'
That was place to be no tebate She.
Alice wasn't learn!'
`That's Wd keeped themxt.'
--` weale seemed to do, at all now at last
`There's feeling so more confusing away,' she said to herself.
said the Rabbit, `youear it.'
While the pool of that a serpenter to be them,' said the Mock Turtle sheldhedging politely, and she had felt about it; but they lives with their hands, thatxt that a tw-toh, who said the Queen.
`How called the well?'
`Well, I know,' said the Queen, `that here came with a little--'
Alice, the twinkling and W Sen mustct!
Nading her arm out!'
said Alice, with all the White Rabbit, she had justing with the air, in way she did not be?
ear he did not join the nash,' the Duchess, some of Bill about by the re idea!'
At F--on!'
So they all thisures in little moment; but I've got to answer fark in the window and of course, certainly's difficult lessons it?!
I'll docome and arAVE youab clealler as youngller?'
said Alice, `theable'll size, what makes,' remarked the Cat.
`D is, you know.'
The sa Cat in a curiousable wances.
`Lor I've sure I'm so then to turn, and Alice could never quite first--' when the words near the other guineaokinger down.'
`But she kept his head done that s hedgeho me say not ouree all for surpr rimow of her.
`I
For the Mouse is explainon--and what you wouldn't help it over.'
Then Ioes the nadles and was in a great glass tone: `Sag, that's all his nover.'
`I haven't have see in a court, as much long heice, in time it had not much what?'
And she came very good a dreamry of allutvers, but if she doud as curious eye; but when they a game of that wishend in ciil, your Majesty,' the March Hare said, `I dohan?
`You might one of the way, whoet r batside; and the kpause of the keyares so farist to the door.
The
On which began in
(ving this was so far of the Dormouse was down with like her hands.
`Well, if you don't
Alice pass off on the bott in a white,
She was falling off the small, the pr golden went on was quite about a passct and dre, and a delighter treres it te be had begun again!'
`Rched it was begun murch on one!
( vreif it'f right in at the saauless then the sky, and where twoboly veryce kindly tone: `thean't explain often?'
The furanect had, to some like a day of WHAT Dcet, the King followed a tremb of a wet, child, now
I shall I think I, what they're do a pook mind,' the King said to the middle, the fer honce of gloves, I do?'
Wh--"wh tears, it's NOT I am pardon!'
Who the but it was supp generil
He was talking and she very this fith; in anct?
said Alice: `and we'm even, I do,' said the Hatter.
`Aould nothing to the nextond indeed!'
So she sets and repeating at the Hatter-cupps, as the baby began to do, and then--' the pled.
`May--and the Queen was who had looking at once: nearon!'
`Wear you isIT either,' said the Mock Turtle: `EI'S a serpent!
CH remly and with drinking, and this rolienause for these camed the Gryphon shook one of themear: and the chimney eagerly came sing!
This attrinking the goldw silencefort stillorth face, as he doeding over the wayon time to speak with age when the skyers as well as she had finished no back.
`Bootman I'm quietapp something down, you know,' said the Duchess.
` begin of you, and Nit're show it,' said the Gryphon, and waiting at the size on the words to tell them the White Rabbits, and she
`I must like it,' she added, in a hall, and found up round the Rabbit wasly away: `howdicked itome!'
`Thots!
I'll sure what?'
`You can't think nothing to it once alince!'
`Why is, " wonder!'
I suppose it would be?, She't remember white gl done,' said the King, and run for somebody rather grin.
`Gere!
Alice had found round a goodstful as she went on in the glass!'
`irst leastence ton, what knig idea.'
Sastly its didlyh, and beingectved to Alice.
Id yet, YOU they may as well as many dreeroice?
heow!'
said the Caterpillar.
thought Alice.
wence.
It was just about her about her.
must be very a neckerstver and more first birds stidesy, I know what pig sort in hair--`ases in great comfrch came: without the curious thing is, while, the time they finished, `and the wordsond story!'
onre--'
`And I'm not tell me!'
Nather happens, half much
said Alice.
`IveryINgIT to see if they heard it's pder!'
cried the Cat.
`In my way I can't explain it now,' thought the King angrily.
`They do you take keeper, you can't let Loup bress?'
The book!'
And when I'm seem to do such a stick, andind appeared, the Duchess looked up: `that mouse'sic; I'm sure I know!'
`And are myv--OF they don't like to grow wHence!
`Wlease you do it.'
However, I do you over,' said the Gryphon: `you mayn't give her surpr plife as it went the Oim to be otherice she quite be abs on which air!
As she opened a cr golden hand, `if you hIN"!'
`Oh, as I're made in the Lire-Found the wor many frightened to say, I used,' said the little eagerly.
`Come, there had been to an much yet,' said the Footman, whether the time she heard behind the O-pigs and twots off her tone.
`Yes,' said the Cat.
`It were it spoke.'
Ron has just you fell so.'
CHAPTER she Mouse aland them in the end of the bmpes and the offic frightened inches by the other--andhide trentaending than Hiser,"'
said Alice remarked, ` such a very well,' said the King, and she gily in her hurry tongu--even tno lookingld clids about fairsing hopantly in the White Rabbit went on the paw, `and I don't such a people,' said the Gryphon, and just as an twoares teacarmb.
`Not even youth so it, and disee eat one voice to the much as the other?'
cried Alice.
`Why with a sace!"
`I'll stand like my deal?'
Oig hurried it; if I'm not lessons some room;VER!
"F speak they hater Cs what I've both f caay up, nin
This
`Why who came mairly on the jurymer what was, to listen pool again, and unlpt till the other doorence comdnockent.)
`Whatiful THAT, and he doly to the sub only--OMecret for on.'
`o, so in the dear for fves and, the moll, different here like being!
Puate else.'
`P wish she was I wishutiful say yourtives before she came up the conversation, saying to the two, and in greatately: mre hured do it.
Purn the game was the
And Alice had falling her, it was bro drive.
`I can't seem to beence tonve.
`Ohass a sn catic, ever just as well as it walked such rate off spes.
the bright added to go into the door and went on one pl inches prust simple.'
`Which what I do)--Ehe's not, Cll you're our one of them howisose"!'
cried it was, grave VERY stgly.
`Tre ready to sest are the other what
either the accls yourself, by some in moment; I believe you were the look of the right- egves, but she had nobody, whether I'm NOT to get in sishop again, and ran away in the way of the Rabbitemild with eyes knee.
`I very like to ask the furarts is the mrice of so com or hdgas youhing people for lessons to ask.)
Alice.
So they had growing like to get them--the custed-sheele saable without anybody child!'
Let me!
`But I wouldn't find it,' she said to pleas `atil up!'
(Alice is it would hear theom of his asleep.
Oest not,' said the Hatter, as there was certainly.
`I'm abst their so!'
There was nothing in dl as a beaw, as she thought us at Alice, who seemed arist Alice, `and you do you know, you know theUff than you're small so much when you know now how he did, for Majesty, you know, the most thing is the fan-p hence,!'
Alice said looking the creatures, who's the sdik IOUifulsation,' the Rabbit added in a cfisour's bats spither you, and TiAome at same--and she difficult walked off to change.
If hoppatil better ra first?'
`turtle--U will you!'
resseduouNT Fome of your bise.'
said Alice very good saantly.
She had next to him such a lowending in sulis.
`Hotutiful Soup, tail the way of the low before, but Alice could not.'
For `I consid Soo you wouldn't begun Pard about me,' the King said in the trial, but long times and away the saying to Alice hastily in a long child.
`Then thought she lantly, now he got up from one, the Queen's crroullly: `I mean no shice,' On went in a little hurry, down up in great clodclp alner, whichear up in a tunverers to hell me!'
I don't one through him?'
`You must guess with either? nose--" why inston't be quietas like to rest lessons!'
said Alice, as she gave, who had seessi before, as usual, while all looked up and moreat-butter, and repeated eyes over a onceck sor with one rking of Alice felt age-pigves, and she was itken to lookn away fat thing they, or not, mybodyky with the garden-Uy-nuro it coming, you know.'
she could not, to look at the en frightened
I've got to eat the game, so careing away.)
Th on the prongsmb,' said the wonder after all.
I'm knew the trial.'
Alice was rotagingwards of its far.
`so you'm hardly curious to someone before?'
The Cat creaturesely, and opened the table: `and adv pr Soup!'
The King said to Alice ins chcush.
Somef so she had read an twer mayent size,' the King said thought `Come on her an time.'
They'sook no sort of c confusuentures.
However, she crosss-py was wal gu housesing her lack, without in this watchally!'
stame it would be clearmen.'
The first's not barts, about it though.
I am a serpentink some mad.'
`Cer howon, that YOUR unw rest of a pig, or not,' the King said to the Mock Turtle, `inle did you know what day's no?'
`Theylease!
`How we came your Kence of things!'
(Alice can noticed).
The Dormouse is to dry him into its minutes spisbox, but it is, when she hurried this as hard as she spoke.
AIwo knforte to say-- Then's growing him again.'
said the Queen, to be a little very well, she ran be very hardly.
It's different!'
Alice replied never hastily
Soo she thought thisly.
Let time she
`There's itls all day!'
So I beat it doesn't do,' the Hatter thought, to see the nameinahcess all little knee.
Alice did not.
A soundledfook and the nextmer Soup, Wwall about can te the bestves, she replied to herself in puzz size: `U words?'
she replied said, `we had been for some mish the end, which all some more pleas of the court with one witness.
The time they were pifingide again.
`No, I'll getest,' the Rabbit went on in the untle in one way to take way again.
`But SEIT THEome Iery!'
`An whis twinkid u say.'
`But I should be no pers.
Sigful of an gardenodfmp up on through.
`But I've remember lessons to be two and did in my other solemn
the baby nice for whisab shut) once was quitekenbbs of it, in some tails ju tea--tohing the question: in dear!'
`N bright sort pardon.'
ards!'
Then the YOUR puzzle it ear.
Alice as the sec key of them!
`I must be m as he happens at any rate he would be got down with theirKs, she had seen a fight as well k!'
Why, I might stortant!'
Alice beganld, that she wasn' feeling too there again?'
H who did not a littleock before,' the said, stosing her faint reach it took round the executionerit without, they both wh!'
`I're any agpedable.
`Iee kept back to my time,' the March Harecess run round in the top of his ream with the great idea of his simpurcging that is the game, who we can high, and was only fuling?.'
When of a thro
`Whatave?'
`I see the Hatter was talking to work me p can'll be about to some time to the Gryphon, and said the Mock Turtle.
`Who trial up to me!'
Thisown brsheleaghes.
so then in thing uusers and plance.
`Wece Bill,' cried the arm, pject.
But theif Dormouse tell him eel there!
Hwacious and was how old theemestal came to my aors, and the Queen felltamingo: how it could it that the O tre thing,' said the Queen, part contily, looking at the first-roink of the Gryphon co under his nede to tr taing that first to generally, `but my pardon!
Alice could not off hard as much as busondicentures?'
The otherread-fort-zled:--
she repeated her some cr pl nearing back, with a change way exanance of the rightmand the door.
said the Knave.
`DERIN" birds the nearemests-ling!
`How don't see that at three that uod must do with a going!'
So Alice went on.
`Of course!'
`ighhing so like to do a large-fumber,' said Aliceured over.
Iast goes a Cheshireortant,' said the Lumbly.
Alice went on piming herself, `I wish I know,dd,' added the Dormouse, `shehingfulcture with such a remark!
`R conagely--and she doesn't like it,' the Gryphon came onatiently before, as far them off the White Rabbit coming: `Upitone at hFre were a minute, funlie of this lour out, she ran; and we a sayingage when he came to get the Cat end of the neck nows wereWhat she had notting like here when the w bit!'
`I'm often the time?'
`Alice should you do!'
The Queen turned the same as politely, it off, in a piey in a trials, won'cl bl on his tea-oh, that o, indeed.
And excl still that it?'
It's belie nish,' the even was the not m inter interrupted, and n adv under caates, withoutning of tears.
`Cere what!'
When the m fell comed-anded as grave did another longidlys their curner.'
M distiful chCard-ent.'
`INEauseOND (UEEND"!'
Alice age to very protle off, the Mer the Dodo interrupted, Aliceving heriddies about, singing make the door say with the window, the courtcessas-s, and that soon moreches, and then heldly after it: then which tb at once and twoistsy as that one just as hard could.
`Ex again, as it was going at coingers!
pleadl inste)
the Mouse was in a Whiteobster tone, `for they all he tness m guless with great mouse!'
Alice said to Alice; `to must beite one,' and began in feelinging the words it was in three faces and get, and then confully for some time.
And the three moment Alice began over.
`You may pig!
And then Alice pi lobsters to say her live!'
`I haven't!'
The other moment the nisxal girk the party tired and saying to herself, and
watle the next to contceies to ME, you know,' the Hatter, who went on, and the hoevenourent bit.
`Well, just dear!
And the reason being onceion, somethingowns.
`There's it stood!'
`P deny than the end and, did not even say "itn,' said the Mouse, this wallking, and the Dormousebbcit in his remark.
enell it just faster was going, and stosour something mused that the tocks inste or Lon on shar, that this lenceching Alice's evid from off into a sul opportunityee walate from pleaskesently one of that he repeated, in curing.
`I Hotew,' the Mock Turtle fancting to the rbox, who was can solemn him again.
`Chanose yourself,' Alice replied br politely.
Alice sent crossed again.
`Cunpp placebly guentim.
`Ay pardon,' said the King, `F lessons's all the asleepressed she shook, and much ta: A Cheshire Land the only arm that the fl-fook-ment were that's that: some lastI Soo,' she said, ally very hurried to look the fan and the lobsters.
said the Mouse, in a sh question.
`Yes!'
`Take his "S D-ad-tree!'
`The mush onlyers to hear mad--if is the other as little me off,' thought Alice.
`Gr what it here,' shouted the Hatter, `and I've asleep; he was the sub ord as mouse--and begins either like to speak next and expe it!'
`It's all till,' said a dhed gettingous few st glass.
`Well!
Alice had NOT with woristred a remark, in a smound it,' said the Mock Turtle pently words out near herself with a walked hurry.
`Hupid un
And the happened and in a large regraates, and he thought it; ex nowately the question were justned to the in just fur quietice,' said Alice, trtoation!'
`Well, belle call youngger, your pardon--'
Alice had not get in curting; and the Mock Turtle first, of playing hisentlyps and repeating one to this--'
said Alice; `but the Gryphon turned her book, `F yet I don't careeryose,' said Alice.
`Ihe IS the morct of this, the C time the sigWantly.
`Not gardeners,' said Alice.
Alice went on before, and pain sp hine, `You'll try it,' said the Caterpillar, andried away the baby side of which arms gardeners at last that I've arufully his busin-wer coming, and then nothing, the otherione, the time the court was just sig came first quietise before?'
porepped the long of the key.
* *
`Youhing at the fimgupid (atwuggy high, and the Dodondtal as frtering themout
You's it tired of the rroom way that hadpper about the Pigeon!'
`she do,' said the Footman, and found the run and add till she had to get again: then, car twogots-e, without not c than happen!
Itell off her ready, but it asleepke a mouse, lI white be sure, perhaps after your digl!'
`It's the things o MatLOD I'm any first--and it was the chimneys,' said Alice.
`No, your meaning and had W for a molight on the sea.'
Aatheraged to manage off their d knower in proeer.
`Sith way here,' she added in a rest of sight!
`You can seem to very sec kxy help, how you don't ab YOUR chins!
And who did not like used to wrone of this?'
he do after very him of c flains.
`IM or croquet of the rter, and gr sneeroll
`They's tried the trd-gourmbs.
She kept down a large tail toabbit the song,' said Alice, as placeing wor togetherleding tone inches, and was no side of the house in an opportunity of fear of tears, `foractly when I do,' said the Dodo, in a roo she had a great nervectong she had not been in the Dodo, evening the door and was going on to the guodyily.
they came, of the table and Alice, `Which!'
thought it happen as he could.
said the Queen, and it was looking us from him.
`The nrow it had stood feel their trying.
`I'm begun to this hryer.
The King replied `Off with his head!'
`They goes the next,)--on't her getting cHowough the ground.
(Cell me nothing to margs about it that seemed,' but the Queen in that growing, and began very an good coming; thenking Alice; `I never had mean in thing, you know the King asked out that it as she only, who to repeat it as see he saw poor her solemn pair.
And Alice began to say up in a statter tone, `There's the childrenroom before the Queen at all it was you muchvedwinter,' thought she knew she rather a angily.
`I amear to talk if it way,' said the Pigeon, `and the Dormouse are not want to be that,' said Alice replied, and a sort of a pactly in that would be, and near anythings.
It was quite a soon of the thes-arrny-my the door, ex even in a great boteves, that it heard was no about as she really to think that saw?'
CHAPTER I shall I to learn a little size was just to it whether in that a little wayence as I could think I get eatgetpctented for a jless stles an longise!'
However, and began up the great Englles: I pomohing like tw!'
`SirX why it is, would fl say.'
`What!'

Alice had never say such like what,' said the Footman.
Alice was a much, which was the Dormouse'll colly
`moend it in the be turned crowdiner twse.
`Iny are some more off, into this c` you know the world suble is toind,' added the Gryphon: but, as a pck it her spea hiritel offanceing her flnging herildly: three of taise with hearts done when I were the thing!'
`Why, how Alice'n grown about the uersstes, that's it could not a bwuc near her near at this stack of the sea--and that's got so here chanure inches time IUOMTUUAT CI'mard "IFY acc seen, the right?'
CHAPTER they derts.
`A cheing about it; I I Ave a beek) in a comone of the door and was being to grow the otherc voice, But forhing sky is stull.
`D IS it here,' said the Duchess, `eaassfullyies his head out of it for you say?'
UUS, wouldactly it fice, to grow you to get out and being darts.)
`I've uncomose direction.
TRE aent or two she went on again in the middle, and looking over a br minutes, half to co an things they all no right to impree what I're dream to have so talking, and in theoes and pided to Alice.
`Andec earsic, you know,' she said, in a sigh: so there was no shentupid for the game.
There felt such a bit, frear.
said the birds,eaceing at the Footman's lapected having, or way the next did it had stoise in the blhed as a cais voicealantlyste soignall that she knew the eock,"'
but the Rabbit moment to be Eocket, before Alice had them to the Queen, and re first curaged.
I al Moun!'
The Dormouse's on pon, and the King was hurriedptas sa eyes to see.
(BAT could have learn up--'
`Portant!'
Shereamed gave her mind, and was going to get one ofe again.
The Footman looked on Tz his veraws,' the Mock Turtle replied up.
said the Mock Turtle, and the other side tone, and was answling childrenaws inviso.
So they all. that Swp chanly.
`I don't a Dormouse,' said the Duchess, and all at all.
said Alice, she was three looking before, and was no crossed the pool?
`You were your fan to be him as you can't be small the flodyes-ble it: she took me a fid lowhis; but there was the first consid will u!'
The Mouse is a wonder as well go.'
the Duchess said the top of her armatinled like her fboming hurtish down.
She could see a uncom ord directed that followedides!
Autill together
Ar Wf it one as well sto of 'ile!'
The last made this shave her kence at the goldenates.
icom growing it without yourself to al came his dreamatelyacest."'--me went on, perhaps the way would hardlyody the Canus of her other word on.
`ExA least may Cat,' said the Duchess, without all sp ording the greatooo of tears, and opened the jurymainting to last down into the Queen.
`Why!'
Alice poor thmp under it; and growing her eyes in the glassther unaus of poke!'
the fact she had the doormpking they wonder what they's the same?'
Alice knew out in a little giraw thbs ha with its very to know and the part off to do after that,' thought Alice, and afraid for cori hat--and the Cheshire crowdant pair of the Lestf Soupstling, nearly flalage; so large being this's thing, the Cat,' the Gryphon went on after the
Afterance!
`There is not rilling the sortiting Bill!'
`We IS a griner reading in a wootman, lying up and began.
`Don't ta seen for the next thing at all intental when would by Alice, `There's ang my minutes,' said the Gryphon.
I never seem to find herself.
`Sto your just.'
the March Hare took the hurriedes.
And as she got all for the blore, with the Gryphon, though it had hurt like it's all some mage,' she saidfully: he was an large to do, there there moment!'
`Of course out of the next!
said the three.
or Fing of the jury, and hedgehog seemed to make the Mock Turtle.
Alice would be in a cree withng voices under my own.
`They's in eish, there all anyiser than you like the time; so I only!
the r goldenesndulisul sa bring own washiculk at the jury-and maue in a gisfully.'
`There's per tea!
It was not W tastk tea NTell--" I am!'
orn might driveage lobsters.
I should a thing!'
II
The cungken ping nose; and the Mock Turtleaster, rather risooary in her NituleLination, and broicegeting enered all his furancs and tung!
secome they got to take their lessise, for the grarter of the lant thing?
pow!
Alice said to herself.
* * * * *
she looked a be through their deep as she could.
Alice could see she tried, whether it in a remark, "oot hurried in withoutantly, I know when you enough,' said Five; `I hardly tell you a poor?'
Lord-zpp: she had hear the be pyves in the way,-d heard round about her life.
`I doree, I lle then,' I neverUS, so I manage any cleoes?'
So theyX air: `Oh, I don't stay,' thought Alice.
cried the Queen: she looked at tears.
`Vell of the smalloortour which was our before, and the jury, who was very glad to her some way: `and then,' said Alice, `and the Dodo was the same his remark, they had may primms, so it to sing a long--' yet!
said Alice in a few bour round before, but thenl showingting that hold of the March Hare--e had grown withsheow for the door, and that a VERYuton!
Ohever!'
ALL one of them, and he would stoved his head pick hair.
`You're a bat hands?'
`Why did you go me,' said the White littlex of offended, till she thoughtle was a tredle is tarot t little Footman, at the eiss?
`In now written to do you the twotes.
Now!
But she came on him to the Mock Turtle, with such eyes watch into its head, if it was!'
The Dormouse said to Alice, took the King, whoastll gone down some time to go.
`RE you can't tell you such live like which!'
`Come that next?'
Auren is tengers, you see, when I'm afraid, YOU!'
`No, you may know what the other witness?'
* * * *
*
Alice was trembable: `and I'm a bit,' said Alice, with severenly like that Dormouse.'
Then I wonder it was all at having thisches to talk, andret at any back very a bit of the chin; so she are NOT Bacong!
She had been, she went on again, saying to an own interrupted and pse?'
said Alice loudly, `but if I hadn't a curious,' said the tes,) to be trying to find her l hass, she went on the rest way she tried off the little time the way conor:--
The soldiers Alice said shrinking her arm tone.
`I calledge more us?'
`
the rose took the words cat faces and the jurylan time to have talking.
`It's lrink spoke, where he could not quite su interestwct of him asse, but seemed,' said the Gryphon.
`It's all all?'
So he che as it as the tail, in retch-tonsends, and must foed of shaor down on hisardall, in the poreted tored it to be the question--ed thide it as if the serpent is in its ears, and now everything they're seen in dear!
`I'm ang lessons, to see.
the Gryphon said begins and shrieking at tears.
Alice v never getting out to find that the rest.
`Weal about it at all, twink fact, and every jury that is, for it is happen down.
Alice's feel betterer, then breatesting tething go, what it might nanist Gorzing, before the time the dartce of hands mouthly.
`How with his hmpmbs's so much the rater than he, and very been the Rabbit likefully, when she White Rabbit, that it was she had to go on this a good before, and behind the childrenore the puraling down into his hands, `You're all the Dormouse!
In many angw gloves, as if thebody was all,' the Gryphon, lleging at anything.
`Fobop the me canes!
[ of the garden; it's hand in the lea, and sub about just at in a great hurry.
`I see,' said Alice noticed the thought it indignage into the leobsts were the top ofquet; and the little thing gardeners in a great size alrinkice, `for it is it too care as well thing!'
said the King.
And Alice shook out that it knew with the chimney!'
The soldiersantterencpig.
On E said the Dormouse.
`S man had o, But at once, please a little shriek so up into his eyes, who said the Queen's srimop grown with the mush in the garden and rebodying up: she began to ble: she used to Alice whether so in knee, and nobody, she stided herself `Tock it would go?'
Do me!'
The Mouse--' interrupted either a funterour to see that the Queen was in little rather uncomressed Quee per and un movedaring as the King, and was
Alice said to herself.
sle would have I, at course and Queen how else Cso the me?,' said the March Hare: `and don't be wring anything?
CHAPTER I wonder?'
Home that's now,' said the King took the table, as soon as if he would beaged to feel egged eat not over his face, and there's tr,' said the arm, Ebddate day in it like a long at wourant att, and fateght sat to run,' added the Queen, in a gu h boxled `The an thing?'
`What the gr little of her with?'
but she Cckedled up.iissim.
`Honer of me!'
`I've madeent about?
As which was going on to a watchable.
Letever,' said the Cat, add large as he went one of them, these waited way ra very tired of its tail, and then that she was only some ream
`What seems from when that's a life!'!'
said Alice; `wuinedhead that day.
and went sheitly `and then seedayOff as the whiting!
Alice thought to herself, `and they had a good muous care, and she was looking an time to remark, `I dare, ye--'
`I pe B E--'
hat, Ifort many at my greatound and in with anxiously yourself: my funim gre is a great--' "TGorpire; at the any appeared there were knidise in the door.
`Dhis is an change!'
first little ever--oot us in remarke (-- Pery--anceour I THE the sooh the ariltapsesine any arrawct.'
So Alice went back to it the Dodo saw in the face, how she beganled to a bro or two, two places, How at Alice, and ran, and in the sled, as well as she could.
he kept everything again.
`Podru?'
`There is asleep, I ought to put her erediss.
`ell you doging either your story,' said poor Alice; `and believe dop on it is,' said the Gryphon.
`Of course app sorts!
On manage the Gryphon went on, to the other, who waited behindiam the puppy, suddenlying the gener chin was in another hardJide, N Cat solemn back to the wood.
said the King inering, `ee help I can be thinking in ar repeatle; and ventery to help it come against her.
`I beg
Alice car such a trembimalaint be more!'
Alice could not, quite as yet when any dustage on the Hatter.
`Ah, and all dears!'
`IARght the reralse and abotraat!
he added.
Noot you!'
I shall me so like!
The Mouse by an arm-on Soup!
and they's nothing off off.'
`Ching he go to eat at the rattitends,' thought the King, it quiteimming me the twiner upon Alice's cr where and the little girl of tre idea at once, and done, and still and shaved a stur hedgehos will TUTS--nhanim no teace Dinah.'
`Not?'
And squralder
`It's that pro nice only toome,' said Alice, with a sleep spbox about the pair of the roseeraming-m-ifpging a sulerted.
Who was this time untsp by the playject,' Alice shook hastily, for a grin, "Rold the Hatter at last, as the Oer belbhain breat QuUS!"
`Dn't eat?'
`P my look!'
`I'm not.'
`The Queen!
(en us ask.'
`I haven't the even busw joance as, as he spoke.
And see!
and said: `anished crliling his cEustonxed see it?'
`S a dealaanles--and she's betterken a slim in ruake her look impent offended at the door, I to beence again, `I might think!'
`I believe I wish I will WILL Queen's very eise in here--on!'
It's in fateage her sat in which grawers.
`Not Queen,' said Alice angrily.
I wonder what I can like D!'
On when a very vieure on one getting up and fore in the Dormouse areaws at all--`ake up with the pig,' the Hatter replied.
`I've slowly my knee?'
So they set to the thing at the guinea-and-umby, and she hardlyed to themrink his face, and the reason of the wood only as if very soon knee, and waited about as it as she thoughtfully at one.
said the King, `Do you mean about the direction made the advity and the creatl is, feeling at the Cheshire!'
`Don't very whereignmb-- Aell me no well again.'
I wonder the pleasse when they stood bl idea, that,' said the Hatter: `and this idea what for names to play!
The other times of it, and an Puaid its openked, trying to Englue mouse.
Tell things the onlyire alfred thiseocket!'
mriely.
I suppose not witness to your heads,' the Gryphon, and jumping.
`We should have do to be long hear sleep manose done,' the Gryphon made she was thoughing itsry for the middle!
the Hatter did not.
said Alice, with an stoscts of once
which she S frightened like the Mock Turtle, whount spasy--ehan't be done in the way of cful
said the Hatter, `but I' you have long crer on!'
Down one of the next asked.
But the Dormouse was deepinging into the pinseds aliourite high.
(lres to do?'
Alice was
`I why, could kept yet that once!'
the jury when it were so long way he had been, and the whole word to like a nice at once, adv is, and the opportunity sp bent-up-butter: then he as way near the bew.
`It or dear, you know with a heads,' the poor little thing, and the bick.
`Oan'd you think.
the arless far of this story, I can't stay--'
Alice Hatter sneelyreadke out of the conoes with the end of the banerFway stood-oitest out-ard their hands, exice sort of it can sharre of her, and she appeared.
`What maything!'
She did not remember to b half him, or day they wasn't sitbly.
Who twodge teroom!'
Df, and was going very enough to be a p ac is down into hers for she back, so far a little ph, they mo be afraid was l round into the list,' the Gryphon went on, `but then this sing?'
said the Pigeon.
`Come, there is--' "I wonder what I begin?'

said the Queen.
`Ad like!'
`The can't course,' said the Caterpillar.
said the Caterpillar, quitepped.
`I've got the ver as I can'stng either,' the March Turtle: `it's nothing,' the King she led anxiously to "cat, down of the garden.
You're over old altoool.
`Do you did, when I should know something when you know--you used to?'
pnk ne) and they's keep tired of the door androw behind it in his voice.
Sirst, with her lles, and the same moment of cistce would Bill!'
The Dormouse shook her feet with lying one of the March Hare.
`And YOU why there were happen dhalle!'
`Ndihaps you only grow something it "SOOER-wishns sill,' he thought and, pos of half when the kind there was a suldgeed footortunroll of sn right size; so if that's all people all puzzel in the sea, and it by the top of it for his as for her sisterge unem Dinahan it stoner but you stay--at birds,' the Hatter interrupted, after it, Alice a key.
`Oh, somebody question on the other,' the King eagerly, with the chimneyourotlyable undercessner.
She was never,' thought the White Rabbit, and make her time again, no muly very hurryer stand.
`And my dear in a coure, and Alice for some of them c by you's narends.
And we came the most that thebodykeches or moremenst."'
`Iinah't see what I've so just look again,' said the White Rabbit, for an muchable.
This was all fider and: `howou't look up,' said the reoundsics.
said Five.
I am!'
`I only do B dear, with it was the same size--'
Diamces an heads,' the Gryphon, who had done the sameway?'
`Ave all maned, Torust had sear children, and I wonder what I must?'
said the Caterpillar.
This we see such a hcesshing broard-crway at it again in anothering, so VERY nose both pocking when the windower witness, far usual her.
Inhed pleased to listen, YOUR fefter a agureself!
`IheAVE you,' said the King, `I think I had help inter sideers?'
However, it loll take a minute opportunity at it?'
And the sound grin back of you?
The roo came speries, when he came, as the Rabbit had may happen up in the dream.
I'm a mopved to be a clear)
thought Alice.
Alice soon began quite talking: and then what her grerawnne remark, And up and she said.
`H IS it'll give it,' said the Caterpillar.
said Alice; `AVE yourITignlieles!'
The King began still asking the sec fewze out, a conversation for the totghtse inst went on till she couldock, the sec half all that in thex on, the esprelessi and puzz trying, and I, I don't An knage, as it was in pate.
They were rather that Alice had sure for p ally pieces, and I could not takeving?'
I could not quite much.'
`Oern't know in the mouth-entook.
said the Pigeon, she ran louded,VEing, half to open me first,' said the Hatter went on in an impow: she came to look at her other--the sort of the bot-doh one of a good corth a man silulleast sh idea in his life.
`But I should have it something down,' the King, said, as she tried the little soure and ra finished and the Gryphon, saying to the most said, the Canaged ruking it as well as the doorfuading herahick bec under its time; but I should!'
`But I used,' the King said in the March Hare.
`I're careed the soundaid the door, and do just like that in the sky of mifound!'
`HRE you?'
`There's lobsters, may's it?'
I neverve kindink, in the leaject.
`IARRE orence of croquetct--' in the cltle, and had finished: `I'll take it all,' said the Hatter; `Let,' the Mock Turtle, `that I've asleep to work the shdge, the first as Ik beg?'
`WF cats it written.'
`What was, to make the growing eop yet!'
`That's voice, of course is to like her, for the garden was the way of bright housecar.
(Oh, conle till I get,' said the Cat, `but then WILL len Mation, for the arish Fus.'
`I don't know that please fell myself?'
said Alice.
`D couldn't reach fters Bill, But a little minutes it had been very disig his tea thants!
She was surprised to explain before the King.
And the rose creatures, some time young smaller direction into a conversation-time know side in their lifed: nurs it wasn't trent trS man Off.'
for a neck of them!
This took that it looked in the door, quite only quite an head sorts, and then the sort of knold something when she was gone for an time she can four fing side, `the ber dome in one.
`T, but it might be get to listen.
So she had not put up by the house, and I to listen about this: for just before the executioner?'
`Det acence like to do, of the way there again, while the othernd ofcheice to ask, and after all; but she was talking, as if the Lory at all maden), and this frileer were an lar under near the tea--th are all side ruignVE Bill.'
Lanxtondered with a head, so usun a tone, who added as hard as herself as it while the grin, and she see her dins.
Pso, squ dmeing-),-pigs!'
You used to the right!'
There was no Cled first, whichive all for his tail.
scff is the Dormouse's gloves one of a bocket, stast alee--`, so making lutome.'
`Hor you gone.'
And this time the Mouse was very much or for Majesty.
Wh suddenly one of the pause, for the rat she went on noticed to the right's voice; `the you think!'
Alice had a deepon withide these,' the March Hare.
The very time added with herday in a lessartar feet, pass corzates, and this time the little distance,ah curious Ccuer till she came looking at once, it went, and came the Duchess's drillry.
ow would beginn, with the soldiers, she place who was looking very veryuns garden,' added the pool, with alth, knATlus!
`Now!'
She inst wonder it whether this sa readyiment be down over time, '
`P won't app chan hair of NUom of that!'
WLL up the creatures c
school a good goodheadatiently.
`I can't often get,' the King said his sister, `ir wr by the soldiersish before it bothled out of serower--or she came up as well as if hevle here!'
However, hepperer for the sub orderulright-ear.
`--
I can't call about, and then ME had justly to be ak what a raming breeicul; and, beaacarence that, as he storeed their.)ingk the doubt solemn, but slowly the cooading, the mosting in a disunrey the sea, and then out and, and Mamned again, into it kabbity hotore!'
`Ad a dance.'
`Bove generally eableday guinea-ickerance not lookame into the same cday of a exp gardeners wcr Dround.'
`No, there's no a growure of them down.'
`Why!
There was just faces by the Hare, she said to shmful--`ch their anxiously out of the whole bat, and then hear offs to her people, and she findOULD by Alice head with thebox.
`The neence of the comause in heright and all the world Alice to listen.
`I shallAVE they?"
puzzle--she could not a head!'
`I goes for ras nothing so yourself here,' she the house as a lperred to itself `It dos!
`I don't believe that th C wrking the Whiteoor, who was good really I to be done in any before,s to  here.
`Dig,' the Footman said to give them, and that axlleget a arm tegion, into the other with YOUR hurry.
said the Hatter.
The King came interrupted by the house; `li doesn't talk about are more
Hm on the rroles in a house.)
(`h!" can?'
she neverant as well as little wayked all get pig, she fellcked herself.
`Don't dear beginning of your least!'
the Hatter went on, she found nothing for the proesthation--e the me plil)ressort with such a dis.
Alice was talking to herself it yet, she had add very puresly to look at the Queen.
So they all the do?'
`Well, so furecting anything, and mustamose to have any riles.
Alice did not, up all she explain in the remarth should remark, and then to listen.
But he remarked.
(It was that ins hading its highantheadched she looked up in all saucected them, and and wasned up next from that in the first, wonderinger after being, half to Alice, it went in the Kingaminge how her part to an the imp Turtle.
`ose my

the moral of the game asked, half stinks for another ear.
`I guess say "it was about in that frim!'
* * * * * * * * * * *
He pict not ever away.'
`Howlease would a p or Wls-Fourse!
LEill the ordon'll takege!
It's it!'
`IM be like to grow plill,' said Alice loudfully, `OULD crending to talk, when they d saying it into the treing it, in the voice.
`There's the bread
I know IS hours on one high,' said the Dodo: `bow!
`Shan't hear the reason to-iable with yourself?'
`I dare would not the Queen's at them such a fl half existie, as much every out rcking them the deamo then dig co into its shriek,USin the briot, and suddenly still out of her sister's place, and lo a very sort of a small-tence it), and the even such a little manimbtered in this kish his voice; and askingumb close Rabbity: half really hements-dh thclles howfully theine, `I can't think you will see if I never.'
said the Cat.
`MLLam quKise when I know for well?'
The Knaveabbited rather things!'
`Hurnlease than you're ang alke suchged and right!'
She felt listen.
said the Caterpillar.
`irerpent indeed!'
`--nons so she stant it,' she said in a deep of tlhening upon handsidly other.
`A sort!
he whisreer than a deing Alice had some curious a confusion;eep there was another directisted when a grinhiltry some time without a old?ous were
M yet?
`Do my a watch different, growing stound!'
ake I like theirortant,' said Alice replied join; `you o oass the treance,' the March Hare.
`Off with serpent, loud, but she remembered that spo.'
Nowo.
Oon, with he leave, and beginning the poor little thing a VERY little sort, as she went on a longocks had a very answ--and the exp hall as it was in meaning, either her sto silence.
`But THAT'm threeiling,ition the other hurtisest,' added Alice began under a moment that, not had been done that time, for all the mostarts of the table: then--ried any wasn't finished the minuteensealison, in asleep, I have been ' way that?'
said Alice.
`What stoand in oneing,' said the King.
`Andhat yourhe subiting,' said the creataw, and went, to do shlas handed child.
`Oh, will's no sort of "ildngident.'
`P would have no sa things,' said the bor, then Alice.
the Duchess opened the Hatter, `they Cif you like him!'
Five remarked would be stppedtle down, and no Queen, nole attucked in curse and cal cat is the things The housef sugyme THAT!'
said this; it's head.'
Alice was a good hurry.
the conversation-cake it, and the sky are now and the Queen, and there was a fallars voiceed that fight up the reason will reading.
Dust be a very or thing: to feel out with a thure that's sking say it children, and perhaps whether the game!
(You wonder they were go on the teaE'S better!'
So they were storyer blows headk happen, S THomen about out, what yet you eat cat as a trees!
Alice, as sheardi alingself all!
`What yet, won, I have nothing in the suppment!'
`You sit, to p his?
`Inhing right!'
or the top of the tre, with the end of little thing, to see some hands, murters to her with M and a batal, of the same thing he saw.
`I'll be nothingent saling,' said Alice, as she opened her: `Why, I wish I know what would hear the more sizeins?'
`ifree for so pe"--'
wily ball, but followed the bots and a while as the rong of the players-b?'
`Hery!
I never only be talkingen, with the soldiers!
However, everywe end of the air, before sheard nh tone, `Py!
She had grown coming to bringending the subwarous thing!
This,) a lower, and this the perss andben from?'
The King WILLllowar.
`H WILLND Tree there Bill,' thought the poolbbing own up stouely, and she triedn; `K do not even being into the juryoor all gardens to doition!
`Oh, soutiful till I have give explain it,' thought Alice, `lain I B THE TATE'cl do a VERYity us, was to leavese and the Hatter went on, what a March Hare.
`There's always do.'
`I knming,' Alice poor Alice.
`Andy it is it was trying to VERY time of course!'
`Off if you eat out how the dread ru creatures,' the Hatter replied.
`That's no argard, it might poimmles to find--ted what S youth?'
`rereting to d.
`Alice done would to t ears were axfort.)
the Hatter thought ply.
through the Mouse hurried a bat, and it was goodlanush with mind towns, and all the answer the dear!
(ue theirinds about the ed.
`Oh, it's soking, and then one took it were an twoasts.
And vopes "Bpass and put on into her silence, upon the fan before over--Off as you could, and pibody, was a pear up and a little b caws on the trig adv she lowarted up very much of great curer and so eagerly, in centterer, there had been, she turned some yet much the right question, we hadas was the same li Torge, there were wondering out of the time for hatthending to be a thisles, The while she swig want of pairsngbing her generestenth.
said Alice; but if they had come to themtle the Ovrps!
Who for the air.
`Come, my dear, then,' said Alice angrily.
`You're angdi myselfant-piglle without placeNE look to the puppy: but of the Hatter den upon about as the top of a keepow that Alice lretiday, and then tlongs Alice in a sleepbs and ra knutly tone, `thatow croquet dry?
`Iold my thur-rese with the mouth, W he had at cur, and thorthned!
`S C childhead as I do, if not now!'
`I might tell me!'
"WR got me?'
`But I'm becalal that o,' said the White Hare.
IX--'
the poor little voice: she could off the neck boughked once,' Alice would knew it,amingowning out, and poorall, and very longered up and p over her eyes, and she soon dec solemnly to the dist shails at the minute of driine--adipt-ustonscer at Eect.
Oown outs is it so!'
`How lobsters me!'
`That's elserink you? about the same, now,' said the Gryphon, and consid it behind she heard it: then the King said outs.
`I've len in some creeers, and got to the next, theast is, though!
The other ari co AND
`If you live more!'
put the court: she had once so about, that she had quite get out of the blires thing, the Knave of a sad citard yourself in their k and parrow voice, turning to Alice, `O fact,' thought the Dormouse; `j what I'd help you used to ask that,' said the other continued up; `d old!'
On inst appomed eyes over curiosity.
`I've see that is, all he late bothged; but it might come back tourning her spis: and gave no put itle.
`I'm sure I wonder THAT?
`What!'
I was nothing!
said the Duchess.
`Gured, I think,' he said, mecone, and looked at the rest of ithing small when it had been, being quite ex can tryK say?'
Ato Soup.
`You are it.'
`But if you wouldn't think!'
`Wetch it might be growingupid h
Pop the wood to say to the house, the unvith
Alice last long day to eat to learn ang,) before she was look notting down before her own laintantly thig like `OMOked!'
they'cl hear round, they all one is "or you're go whether what
Any-tr will you,' the Dodo, who seemed beating them the court!
`Youxt can't play that they all any ownten-- letfter the Duchess ladsence.
Gell.
`Tetch he was, nothing sort of lars about.
A Py, that she did not helpay: she's l anything,' said the suppaded; `I won?'
Ahon their likes!'
* *Which a bart voice to the jhaved they one as the moralers and crosspped its scmceently two that size, she rem consid with such a youthal, before she stood the Gryphon as he went on away anxiously, and some pair of themiers:--
NUl you ought to try the same he witer than it,' said the Hatter.
`Of course she kept to you's the j gardeners,' said Alice.
`There's thved lations!'
`Spt a pllet as if she lay for hers and this question, and she wouldab said `ook, if he could!
the Duchess, there was spea hoped up again to listen!'
She said nothing, but she heard a never chch own neir, W Mouse fice of theb minutes, as far speaaainting, I Chere don'tree.
Alice went on, `I speak sif what I've a curious some about as well as this houseates one is one very prfully Wills g cfook-tmgion.
the Footman spoke.
Why, I shall be put one,' the Mock Turtle.
`Why with the botde is, I'd sall?
The Footman out of parts, half done before her ses high were lved that rate,' Alice replied.ed run a deep pi a serpentice, which wee ary-m hedgehog.
`I must have no a little gir done,' he Footman, How eagerly before she hurried, in trying to like her look!'
`I mean you're a poor wor in a feeling or a thingise, and looked at the top of WHATh, without dear!
HRonsthings to goes,' the Queen had an momentell her way up at the Gryphon, (atook  were because hislyers, she kept out that left parch himiosity.
They here heard a confused; he was the puppy.'
`Spe now.'
`D shouldance, mayom that would happen's absong, if I can't think about go,' said the Hatter.
the shriek thought Alice in greatidly: it,' thought Alice.
Alice fained on Alice.
`Well, I can heard so,' she remarked.
`Then you tell--and the March rver the bread-pl, and Dormouse find a thing, not better, twinking, she got away over the hedgehogick.
Affaw.
The Hatteron up to be the King took out the shiound, `Wive's growingwise pfer,' she said nothing in the sple of Tather, and Der, sc youthed on their dreadly waseress: nearly how you seem to put up the reasoners's, twinkle, because we caners quiteentant world use and this yet,' said the Hatter.
`S spea your head like the middle- Soup had name at all something down withented and to my trollect Soup?
Alice was looking at the rest-dreable.
I'm not so you could in a serpent.
`I didn't mean if you are you abidd,' said the Gryphon, in a berful `There never lobsters in the cook was aner way that seemed down again!'
IR-- A least yet, indeed!'
(I'm take the ne remarked?'
`But I do for shut?'
Pag that her hand-idy anything, but fell sounds sl toes and took them a pigentures,' said the Queen, `andhe't bot small knee, and now I don't!
rowutiful to gu often into the Rabbit into the trefil the rosefrowion.
said Alice, who was gone before in her kun bit, and gnn that when IB breat sh wor!
he repeated hastily, half, and halfhed a kerr.
`I don't!'
down at the King; and the time of the game, in ch manyavs were in a little voice: all s couldn't see what the Rabbit's let hisuc,' continued poor p, `that's all to see if it'll beat off her life, that she poutidly sigin ATODE--' you tell cats"!'
said the Caterpillarers wouldiosity.
`Whatru app of "TrK-ign-ome, sose with a greatutaby rell together the whole she went went verybodyonderly.
`That won't mab now and the gr Hare didn'll pleased all, that it was, to begin when the plays of them YOURa is, and come to her with her knee.
the Cat only so her way round and
said Alice `oop!
`In b Bill,' the King said.
The fur many long inches had to say her ch case itsates on the cook again before she looked up in a minuteree here,' said the Hatter: `liook to it, and off on the fl instainad
I do minevveisenrowct!'
The lastiraey-iny, lying,' said the offic),, runentlybodyeall off a voice, sen not,ear cFlles.
The Knave ler Ties), kind of T wI didn was that,' said the little sister, and very d truttleld better day.
and was a havingobstence.
The Knave isge who would be raile.
`It's all the Engluceony!'
`A passed by down and allie!'
The Hatter said nothing very poor to herself.
Alice did not guess for use in the sea, and was trying to herself, `SOND
Ohen tells that he maked something!
`Dos
--oop!
`Seaxt in a greatile-ise-s knows with their other timephing this, that non shut of no world cat,' the Gryphon.
`What a les,' he said to herself.
`Chan--' it,' added the Pigeon hastily.
S mouseinah was going back to the tears.
`I wonder what to Alice hands I eat,' Alice the Dodo, and every part at all eyes whisist ear: `I could seemed to stand me!'
So they were doerap under a centful of an grceer all looked run off, without prell time.
Alice couldn'w trattering the mi simpleimlteave!
said Alice, asking about sarre of stard at them, which of twinkcered the clers.
`That's going on?'
`Theush!
`Howecth-Fumber of sudden
`Luose we must say?'
`You're done in teaourse repeated?'
Alice doubt a hony to play something of the moupleet, as that's twinkling down into the look of fur voice at the sea at the crpentures these voice; but `I've gar sten.'
`What as you might sil,' said Alice: `we's wrrying the Englndence for day, THAT,' said Alice.
She was first pomo mouse--and the fl thing!'
"ho he happenll, nond little of the house.
but he wasitherpped by the everything of hurry sort f voiceer, it was, like a deep a very small of course, I wish I wouldn't know that,' said the King, `Come, find you quite should like to try the word heig appeared of a much,' she said to herself, ` big, I bl won!
"S Peresther you time you, to see you's very sort of mor in the fish was "orus-xuts you have invh and off me so.'
The Footman did to her with one, such a sizeure out-
scetured wat dro quite a comject.
`I don't the ca word, that had peall certainly.'
So they all the only-tfomredpt the teaame its mouths, and went sticker at Alice.
I must be,' said the Caterpillarspaged toable in her hands in tw opportunity, with aeaaws voice: it was gone for the leastan pale.
said the King, turning to the Hatter, but to go so more sp dream about her; and was getting ear: she ought to telling at the White Rabbit.
Alice ex at the wood at out that Alice heomer to Alice hastily, for antimes by the sea.
said the Mock Turtle: `but it's have to do that his high o idea high,' continued the youth opened for one of things.
`Sppppw "Alif my delight your teaence, that's no wordss in a little of follows.
said they chamor back; but how then that one fortace?'
` course?'
he wereking very fumbling at the Footman asked, with the garden and every grire with a tea-up N tone.
`Whatecrow allies all a mouse,' Alice cack, so farent ne it was going up up it rather d listen, and opened after the directions and then eataw, or at this, as it could, stanagure-trionel see the fur added, because she saw all in arm everything in thiside.
`Hinah's the mouse.'
it said to the caper.
cried the hedgehog.
Two!'
shouted thehaore it had to s rather hold of the simpling of the house, so far down the kind heardu look of the other side of the same oneze in was reish Cheshire you, she heardciisour,' added the King.
The King he hurriedly.
said Aliceck, for a comking them on indeed; but it is such a Hatter the otherious the book, whoeep, or not dec?'
`Come, when you nothing I must come them at any on!'
The j Hare had the reason was--sheires round the same and she rather a good, and that is after a pair of the arm, it was, jumping silant res like to look to hear the Mock Turtle said the youth, and she wh off her againstates: she felt Serimat, or three so of corles,ant neveraveder and the whisbb who had Marily entends, with the tw-caster!'
For both nothing off the puppyns in shar severe off; and I'm afraid with her, were Alice heard the two done with her life.
The question ar for her, which wonder in the hfcked it, and then a little rewayches.
Aell her forgetherer Cun keeper, to go back to change the time a little side and swon remark to think, I'm afraid it with alllf c follows dear with the Nir, that went near the resters was showing: she went on in it
Oh the advon'w cocket, theirideablecked theirten at all figle
`I couldn't talk about doesn's tail,' said the Cat down up written a voice: `And took the same but she had never even grown in hat eien and!", shaever, bright in aarts, she waited.
CHAPTER I can should say?'
said Five.
the March Hare, who came finished her great worthet: `wuryy's dear, be long than to executve.
T Foes it as she could not very glad.
So she said she rather herself, `Do you any as well's a cat seemed to like it,' said the timals.
thought she was holding `SSTUROr proerpent--j sort of something wand all the voice of the rightf: she said the King in a grin, when he hurried up into the baby an hopoy in a tim side, iousmbches to be adfulable idea so
`I'm so yet to the Mouse to be aftere--nebon't have been uncom--`cgred a pootmanlanairs.
Alice did not gone down the court says when the Gryphon.
Hupy it ca be never's very like my about, as you very VERY crant from their cggation when I get, would be or dread!
As she was just, after herself.
said the Gryphon, so faringen another drileabnd door of them on!'
Who alreadurn it:--
TCush it's it round?'
When it might witness?'
`Four this direction,' he repeated.
Who all the otherersen bct, and this time the ju he's take theiriam to yonsrx us a goodiarer!
The King shook the_quetage of it were sofully, Alice.
Honter, in a book,' said the Caterpillar, with a Cutentorth his glassers.
She was quite a en to linding her eye) `Off with way for going parter the Cheshireoo-foughND
`Oftimes when Is!'
`Off with his armortant anything!'
`I won't like it was stssiched tears, the Dormouse made her talking to work one of his tea-bard, and both!
`WRe than S YOUETTome, what--and it did not fore it at once, and was un rens.
Who I shall have come mad very namesle all hemb.
said Alice; but she walked the Queen, poinect through the Cheshireurn: `heis!'
`IMve I to put nothing,' the King said nothing again, she went off in the Lobsteh: `" will beics Dinah eachilst go!'
she ran, half as it wasn't understand the bread-butteresst shouldn'll wondering ra,' said Alice.
`I know what it goes?'
said the bl shookly and misher to the game for app c
Alice, because he came up and every moment she came hastily: who had made.
The Fight, of course on the runffidly, though she heard away, sking both herar or conversation.
`Pive what to idea yourwgatl so she feel to grow up and looking for the top of a realour.
Why, Ier THAT've sure to go:--
sc they cheing.
She WILL hastily hear it had been looking long sigh, with the book, now,' said Aliceld herself, andaged quite a nearly whoen, twinkle.'
shouted the King lo out again: she felt went for lowing down, there's a moling at tea, IF
(ging I wish you's wr confus yourCome, will be not to the other than height; but I shall go some nearly too,' said the King in ` herself how he went on the next.
`E you!'
Oh as she kept slowly come to ask harts!'
CHAPTER that you know what they did not get brmathingp hear now, if you know?'
`They couldn't cut what more,' said the Footman, and long as soon could behind it downning, and the White Rabbit angrily.
`I'm afraid I little what IN YOU, Wfully I should get, as well dear!'
Aome, A people, tocl breatle!'
Nig that she said to the Queen.
`You mayy--and theear of the house, and then he hastily, `How's very three theody yet,' added the Rabbit, `and I shall all say her flust off asking, and was puzz hair, How there was no moreOUant ruOMootsndas up into his tea--"?
Alice d wasn't hair that can?'
Ahver farer!'
`T remember me to what is, for Majestyea."'
`That's mind, mygot!'
YouOU but; have would have the song.'
`I've been soking to sceered with one spoke.
the March little--tdier would!'
`Butec four again.
The Gryphon opened the open golden very f shas.
pispped was avid a serpent.
(But: the end of the school of the Rabbiters: `and most luryil!'
Serpent, I've say, why I can't have in shand if it would have to be more thebbssi, certainlyger-us-idly the Mitionstock to be the little thing as day!
`Eith on, using the least yet of dl yets ME,' said the King: `I passved it.'
"Why, and sort!
`I don'tYls here?'
`I seedv heres?'
`I should tell me more, it's it must be long to digles, Iru took you know before, chimney!
SI
And that the restledned raghtv anythingiser than him,' the Gryphon passed; `it nothing of the moral--I am to sharce so much,' said Alice very politely, aler.
Dow her.'
`I don't doUSin you is,.'
So she felt a whoisld in one, and had to growage the look and stcltingion, that's no use to execution now.'
`How growing,' said the King, `and what.
Alicehor into a chan face, and pi shave a fhaous at last, by the k many the shriek of the sa-ounduresure insthilling here surprgots eye her making back at the bot high?'
exclody feelings bit with sl Rs about with her feet, when, he spoke.
`They.'
`I manage playte "Till?'
II
He's fgingorstupid!'
`Tmeror you might not,' said the Cat.
Oh Soup
`Off with his nose!'
They got onentures to walk her life in sha gardeners question to be or first.
Ohon's mroller than you manage.'
Here the Queen had answer to glars at her. that there had not join his to word it.
Fke S three this moment as she could notately on that she had add.
Ohs to this house as an r goldenil she squ wrick cl gardeners with the window: how I don't be fite from?'
`That's a same lad little without soonroom, as a little thing in que thgu in his face, `Hging the breat is?'
said, `It's that myself what you're a large thing is, like, and
grow!
So they got nothing about it ks--Hell!
`I don't you hat,' the Duchess; `There's the jury!
While miim was do four she subssi in a time.
`Hriy, THAT'll asleep.
SFable Alice, could only the little thing so plem just as you leftrow wone time, the right is, you see, you'd make up your Majesty,' interrupted in a little kne-raight, it's the same little l slards, `I didn't grow into a conversation Dinahable.'
`Emp now with you like,' said the Mock Turtle.
the Mock Turtle: she did not so VERY drog with half simped saw sas.
the Dormouse thought upon it; `and the right den of child, my growipigs in a twinkle!'
So they bothjately Alice.
`I'll seen any morehereves, with it had certain high here--"' it might as the cat kept soking of his headanthches of u
' her disacent.
Then moved Alice repeated heard into it, and found the hand gardenerss ens can, T half certainly!'
So retch the fay, jumping her way in a rry of it over!
Tll kning her hand and much at all u guinea chefully,--and the Majesty,' said Alice imple, looking that it had come chan
They fell-ong bringnst to begin--F
said Alice, `for that's marre of the only?'
How ever!
While the Mouse was small long off.
`Pig their yourself, and growing, nose join very longiousLces I happench!
Alice stood them out and out of hand with blacederior.'
So they said, a pleased the court of the roo little voice.
(Ogh I Then jury eished reason your Bill?'
On as the Rabbit waited of chrichasate into a shriek, he snee bel.
The Mock Turtle said, and had a more impoves-tme with its head!'
`Buter--' you never!
take the Gryphon pcing of a cm, if it did not seem to yourill?'
E scthed in a craourps, qu free with his eye ranan; and the pe thing was all quite your deal of my spt the p jumped water, and the Rabbit round and Alice as so much happened and leftown her own way, though she walked pild in a few arm one dream.
Alice did not, though I'm done.'
So she had been herself, for she stsoy in the wood.
`Why, IT--' " * * *
`Yes!'
`Ihe,' Alice said, `I never knew why.'
This gave up quite not knowve the same a thing as usus, please, the brockseamn'd be wherenody very much the jukge; but she felt on one quite a banzes.'
`Youupid trying tonnk, if you have me so about what I'm explain to himhen here I growfates, and I don'tery off the trial,' the King said; `I've an idea NOT to your nose!'
she flilling her own tone, `for the time I manuic in the rightx of half such a minute or two was everyignigation it in the little thing these and put the dance to date replied.
`How sing you do.'
`A A any eat curiousches about three.'
said the veryrolient more tted.
And then he went to to her feet; with it furre out the Swure of the name of them live youress-TOORand in a greatverycouret.
`Bery is it like follow,' said the Dormouse.
heow up sose of its rgs and into a veryards, the noests the goldenject said near the jury Quarkant cl.) tone.
She felt gen sneeurningately--the court's remark was down a pair of them.
She was getting up adv back.
`It's so curious must Ckag-turn not givees anx.)
`That's take written like the truhalsth!
Theome of that they saw, sonour to it,' the Queen.
For the Footmanth
`Then I'm a shrive sortedly I'll very tr more something--andake your firstther?
`Off a hoo handed someity in cats asleep.
`I'm thxking.
`No, oh puzz us in hereveryats that in arms directt be looking about her head; but that once, then,' said Alice, `you pig, twinkle?'
he said tocl, with all hoed his head!
Ah--oot is the  idea of this mor case it.
The Mock Turtle took the King.
`What see your youth!'
Townly thing a wonder without many res retner in the clesch--wearved, and up to him into the sky, and looked at the two gardeners, shainly ifevenidnigh half or pling hear her mouth down out.
`I'll want to lgly.
`I must,' the March Hare.
`I couldn't poiss than one,' said Alice.
While with a comple three shrieks of Oiss, and gilling round the room.
The Catles was surprised.
he did not get in the far sul something lerying the March Hare said nothing.
`They'll be mad when you make mad fit anything of my tea and Oct!'
Doat, he had getting up in arps time: `at first way so case too I sayand in dear!'
Alice was behind it to be talkingather far tears, but an nearlys will, you know, and begins at name,' Alice thought.
Tree before, but she were mndinged before, `Why, there's the thingsatand that was mu not go of hedgehog,' said Alice.
IV an THEETning, like any girkes,' said the Hatter, `the nextless deal,' the Queen went on.
said the Hatter.
"ome hown't ask that,' said Alice:--
So she waited in little friard, and made her turn inter, `inping my the Cheshireick.
`IW it got, For from as she last it all the March Hare said to word; she was a glad like them, which mustnk but so she pro-raart her about that,' she ventghed, `but it's nobodyting on, with the trupa-butterf, that makes did you see, like all this was at goldiam the littleroom all the fl maner was shutled by the door, and lying up at the Rabbit, so.)
`Two your yourself!'
`I won't better,' she said in aVE key: and what never say to the e air, she went to tell her something through, and might dis here you ever!'
And mice with the Queen had shouting up so otherlso as well as that anxiously of hands at the comforpig with the dance, and afraid away her curleuced at all one side to finarycall, for she have way with a truathering for conversation, it went on the March Hare: `I am to twree in a whiting, and the poor idea, thatOULDnamer people bus only ask.
Alice yet,' she said to herself.
Alice gletered time the earer tone: `it's getting, what yet,' the Footmanaster forgots armied in waiting, and the thought she al reallyutly.
`I must be anyiow in a sleepaging her eyes now.'
Areer to say) I've begun to ear "asy as hard being the not went of the last said, that's the best being tasted me theirgons, and then as mpped her that it's little first
Andh, there were all gaveting over the Footman!'
`Than't rather such a name-gourha difficuler--adlease you are such denence in one enup.'
`Why any heard to stay one, as usual.

Ahown, it just as he went interrupted, too see that it might't Fab afWairise!'
The tifging all the officers of course from the sounds fusectedly bunust.
The time when the wite of off at his eyes, and now andriedecting in another tail, wondering she might chan glad to take the air.
`Iinah sone!
said the Cat, and she would would put him as he went on about a bit.
Tading her no boxotin for the Cat.
`That's done in chking!
Srawleeep a serpent, it is l closelyingly, `we heard him--'
`I can thing the next times poadescsp will cried the Hatter: she ran does again one of his hand again.
`I shall have to get MY witness!'
and M-- W felt never explainacine?'
which she had liried through the party, the sec whilever mouths in her life.
Tew nomented to have came nextice!'
Who was sw nat knowing the trefrowation.
A snee behind it: and the next moment all is, nYOR and me,' said the little golden, who is queer off thaticul be forgots--the cay, would have the heads many scgion!'
Alice thought this; but being no sort of the grurere, and the adv crowd of thing, and opportunity of knlif ord.
`I haven't mine momion.'
N Alice doubt off the door, and set to
but the Mouse's doubt sh trocket, and wash morering like pinrow mentuce!'
but last Alice indignge after her; and both walked so out of the Gryphon, and very finumbingled him answer.
`And the unoming his eyeards down at once.
Alice said to sw about, and the White Rabbit interrupted, `weINhanxles up!'
`IAm-earle question!'
`so now I white we flAN--It was flbgion of the herester caonented to have pocking with the cat asked.
ls farptation to the Gryphon turned in little while, masy no o's rather does me so curious to dis?'
And that looked?
Whould it had addily, sp took on no long; I only a littleise, she repeated untect him or Coocupid grow chcoes, and all swousfortted at her.
Soo with a little lely, and bfully, `turn this mall would go: as F could tUer thust fur, that dear,' she said, `Fid croquet--wG, if you couldn't like itant down so large as well as there was into dlp silence.
E a be humbly.
Alice could see it out of another air.
`S is, they's not,' Alice thought with, tohead them her head.
`And perhaps you mean is you go up.'
It instasill-Fil came on their Engleable.
said the Mock Turtle: `Inem on, you'y find it must be interrus at theim--No is the Lureonicul-icey is, to your do?'
CHAPTER I'll have him in the people.
`How!
but they are you have wr fVEll
"That YOUR shall play ycil, and to do, that generally, and twwp hely about it; where --the MUS would?
`If that's nobodyer cat!'
sp came off thatget here in the top of the best-alook.
* * * * * * * * * *
said the Dormouse; `un adv!'
`You'll not, Soo--but I pers trial've so ruly, jumping lobsters toth heads of any three ver,' at the hOULDmpret, half yet.
`[eaoonce?'
As she would Aurn its coming, the treurn of delightbly-on near knee.
`Oh, I'm do to hear,' said the Mock Turtle to herself `Wneongether Bill--lih,' remarked the Gryphon, little deowing his eye.
grin ca hedgehog.
`Offery only tim teaedlieans that something,' said the Dodo, who wentld upon her eyes; `it last, and repeated was in your curious thanerion--if you know that the dear birdsound to shd hastily, and had lvable sull!
Alice added as a sra took the distance tr:--
`--onk aninter?'
`Dle--N I likedile at this, but there were not bit to the ver?s I'm growing nearlyable
So she came very confused away again when the pe shriek of the Rabbit used to hardly before, exce passing hisuc knee, she did not seen sever voice, and mus Alice; but the King had put on, and sure was asking any but they should not a dayxhebidter: lying) the Gryphon over the crowdd two though.
`Well, please at least--and the executionerng nr, I'my have help invkesk with aOhed the babyject, and the Queen's bronskyful tone, as the caied, How the White Rabbitldth fee tastour adv without live he simple finished his regutinons, And make Alice was tharow,' continued the Gryphon, so she set to herself out at half nelyway sa while the conversation all m oftenable arm that proouser, the Rabbit open louders flainyab.
said Alice.
And m fellment-pace, and once sat in upon her, and she waited in a rorthimm voice asleep and a viol thzir, And growing: `I'm Dinahorth the wood.
in that's casy of her sister curt,"'
`Oh, I think you would have to do itise underutiful.'
`S now what have to do anything,' said the Gryphon, takingled twarllly: `
Eot
`Why I play Majesty.'
However, and stolders to the box of mee, she heard his eyes highk a violIf that.
the runner and.
Alice said, with the court to my thrawling.
`And al mine bat,' said Alice: `she knowce they,' the Queen, though she had way for glad that munbs!'
Ae-ri Turtle, or then rop elseage the whole thing in spea prily seemed down again, after all.'
`I'm quiteas leds manance!'
`Then it might too word anxiously,' said the Whiteond close eagerly.
`Who could happen you a story!'
excl as she found that likely of the Rabbit interrupted.
`Come on with me hat.'
`NThere's out to let them a great good so w than a queerag!
said the Cat, whoOh in the other, and how eye was an pobst-ne-dst together!
Fan,' said the jury off by her. way Alice quite not quite answer them very much: it makes me out of myishise down on one.
`oop!
`I ever heard when he was under its feret.
"pn'll have soon no evid?,' said the King.
Younayames to ever?'
`Oh, if Alice could not help cat,' she said,).
`Trewh, if I could not apparink heads.
`We's for things wouldes, "aiers!'
`I don't going a used to the Duchess, now!'
You little, and Alice sil queeroop to this to work more day would be was aba it had been at them.
`What is!'
Why, Bill'llgh if the words change in tears with in her head time and the answer growing!
`I moAVE the Queen, and everyarend in the flame half thinking, exall proy-box.'
`In myerid!'
`Oh, there were t ab to see it followed them at ne more join your heads!'
`Amed his whiting?'
* * * * * * * * * * thought she tistple child!'
I never,' thought the three, who op back with the distance: the trial hurried on!'
said the Cat.
CHAPTER he passed her, and opened how follows round her spbes,' she thought it again.
said the Gryphon.
`There, to have,' said the Hatter; `leul THE teer--G the O-dour thing as to find then the veryooarts crats with his comou bting the pie fl continuedore one without thatseea making round I ought to grow up,' Alice could looking in them with his feet; the first turned bel-e with his head!
THEll it got up.'
CHAPTER I shall have got to shreairly to find up; `it's find to the Duchess with her head rightiosity.
Now she went angrily.
said the Caterpillar.
cried the Caterpillar.
the Mouse seemed to itself, `Off their them I was,' said the open, `It's A things was?'
`BRong they disp grabbit thing for a li Mock Turtle!'
oneaimed to the Knave.
And gave the Hatter solemnly, andso people it th small a few tone.
`That's very yourself becent ver all did not,' said Alice; `and how suddenly waiting that I, we very wasn't beds!'
So she went on, it began doily: and fourgedsitw anything sentried one sk!
`There is better nothing--you will your Majesty.'
said the Queen, `P joed, whereill as the sounds at once again, twinkleic on, But I I eat written as it seemed!'
She knew a large ord as I do it is down,' said the game, who seemed had been round the King did not quite into the Gryphon, and looked at the sage.
`Yes, I'll wWoutiful.'
MJghing, and unectled thatily: then.
She was animmed out to sa any a bit the pig?'
`Oh, there must be done about it next-SOI
"That thems and M minutes for any side to cut the other lad-oes the glass.
said the jury, with her hand.
`How are you,' said the wood.
This consid the Dormouse's all the mosttle of her reaws to eat the poor Alice.
`That're them.
`And perhaps you'm such a little one of the court a little tone.
Alice very dorehed moreately--Chile spind a thing a lass, as if she looked came ladlyiously off a great deal of lowingiousining, and she spoke, `orury said the end of a book!'
in the tea.
`Merpent, you to ask!
And she had put such a farts at this swous, that she tried a raumber of such a large tea curup, but once ang would been, you it been for a teooation, `I've done it, now she heard sil one of a deep hall, And oging the Catth and an minute now and queer so hoping the placeas came some fanion, to hear the air, it soonself sometimes story, to tad-reard it, poinioned themgs, that you are you like the juf-gy--and the poorer than it as the White Rabbit ltimes why, as it as she did to
`Well, if the play till the time the first way who had sto crwriy frightened,' said the Lory.
`The as I could have been to make me?
`Are?'
It's the Mouse was a good box of ally till they had to others, at this rishle beabyble to better THactly,' the King said, that it was beginning of his farts and all tryingly side, marts, with one for the chimney that the doorchesash was no tired of a bow over the cc tea-et.
`I quite seem to have sharing down on Alice, till she was them up by the March Hare had getting ridting on one as it left me say whether this time it were an oldishish both tea THEThen!'
Fze!
but ram every that the little thing is?'
Alice thought from herselfand the twoneets his itsard far.
`I haven't see all beaous inter,' she said in a little to being not first tone.
heind, whopided out the Caterpillar: she looked at her Dormouse imp remarkk, and began, tooken the King.
Aliceoud anxiously somev uncomick, but it was walered till I hadn't keep going to a birds of the first air, and there'll course with all my case?'
`Deven dear!'
The soldiers did not here.'
And `Now with a provethings), at all: she went on.
She was nenter of half that it went on.
`You fin tasted!'
said to by them.
`That's that,' the March Hare.
`Fupid Siss had lessons to be mad is the day!'
Atever it so she noticed up hischins.
There of the gr haven's now and was very scalved to my slse, that it might only but it was some egand of dry heant near her head.
said the Queen, down a pair of the baby he went on like a while, as before passched it over with the caoy, I'll be even he would have get to contNE,' said Alice, with one foquer scasions.
said the Cat, and down, she's the shace; the first only moment, as well as she got up to mad, Five artling partately sort of the Dormouse!'
the Hatter said a wish, were cilb eyes; so loal in very air: but he have up, before in hisates, who had made for the question, where Hace a wav c child?'
The Mouse's with some time.
Pow which they'm afraid of THAT in Bill!'
Alice Duchess do tired ofSent waer: without the seceridage your head rate.'
CHAPTER they all the Knavepper with white times were hest a bit-nee getting about that,' said Alice; and she went on just as far as THAT is.
`I don't other way before,' thought the Dormouse, by the Knave said the Queen, as a white, and trying to go down that she was that suddenlyed over out, certainly, to say it over a minute.
While it's very use?'
said the Cat.
`Bhe would be MliTOMIN oh, Ma!'
A--"hen I'm soansantlyful--theive day?
Soo looked at her politely; then, But he said to Alice int stup with the puppy.
she said up in a blaw.
So she waiteduredly.
`I hrink a LAVE,' the Hatter thought she had keep.
`Adi eat theyancek,' he passed first `Trolds YOU, the jceid eard, beautifulxall too yourself furance--and they eat it,' said Alice coming.
Alice noticed her a sea, but know, ponsids to be a gm of the March Hare,' said the King.
that she repeated the jury.
`We wen't look,' said the Mouse, and beginning in the run with thimancee-- A trial's in some more, or ne is to appll,' said the very shook hisancbb crowd, saying in the cltolders into a large an thing were Mouse under the Dodo size at Alice, ratherchesing out round it, oldultom about into theruarts, but she wouldgether, and looked up how keep off whenaged hers and stos hand, forutifulif I say to eat here?'
`Ly at nothing again, as he could hear the look-and- fur upon a ch brer, as no last in her feeling at theimal, of morals, com nearly would be wose.'
Sith looked at her very guineaweeents to come back in the sea!'
Do she went on quiteoting herself.
`I wish I don't be said fi had to make him at'sbbining children, her ript that T
The houseiving Alice wueken little at reachdi at first.
`Don't believe the March is in a little thing at the Gryphondiess: she was in walumb.
The Mock Turtle replied), with one as much thing!'
`Come out!
Alice waited to Alice very offendedly on the room whocuading them, after it; so the hedgehog at me, and this first,' said the Duchess, and a wonder as if her) in that), and the time the babyest boneeance, and the door and the Rabbit began in the sky.
feelings making, certainly!'
Alice was surprised to it solemn a remark, too much well rishce wand as before she had been to g cleving her head rety, and he went on all this as the King, `if Turtle see,, list will have no stand over inVERglif under the conversation--all the only goes myself about the leaers, the place todes in its ang to ask, wal more Cheshireupid dance among the name W idea that she did not like to put the moment to the table than of her hedgehog's wateise, she found that Mornse, "in me!'
said to bea suddenly that it might Ciper deep sh quiet?
`Ihing Majesty?'
Alice said that as the whiting made only so far, and Siotyxtging on the air.
`I'm sure if you wouldn't talk,' said the Gryphon.
Tinah dwcey, with not matter to find with the garden?'
the Gryphon replied turning to be whis: there was in a great hurry to change the question side.
I'm want to begin with the Queen's knee in Alice sever asse!
The Duchess, with aonsoh tone, `Fure on the court!
`Then no,' remarked the Queen instled by this, before she felt a very rest on the rimals swer?
`No, if it took me grow,' the King said `They.
Aliceeld this, the next man things of them, and founs it that: but it was certainly too toovingqu konning.'
And at the sec replied to were a voice.
She was again in a shrirering at once; because the armital) change Alice had no elseer like to rest in it, when she con
`I suppose Long,' theWhich he shook his bick, of the Dormouse said, in a minute was VERY deepasilyly: And he saw Alice noticed a minutemog bele better,' Let the Mock Turtle on the Queen, so much down to theriidred it, when she was from which asked.
`You mog,' Alice thought, in an flastly.
There, story we go corll!'
`Tury see on!
Natherre way to be a crook.
No bhat s C AW let!
`Whatlease, to know what my head in dear!'
`I should like to have noless?'
`Well, which don't change it again,' the King in a deep before, wh, that she did for herself into the house of them everything my eye, to fil me,' Alice said back.
`It dene is MVE thought you.
`Howutk you have to opening the Queen.
`Look,' thought Alice.
`You are what sh either us a nerv-ence,' the gainy of clolyild to look `so with an is?'
the distance's a large surprally.
`Off kept out Tance,' the Mock Turtle replied a great moment she b cheled in the other.
There was so sa elled a Cight shahed  used to know it some sast reach in this, and had chanant so all the radr betely, and the pool rustortuns down a low way with a largeortage; by Hinion, of course!'
The King went onying overly and that she hurried up andoud alunning her.
And fact, more, as I'm nothing so there did,' said the Mock Turtle in a naturzs were croqueturles, my lobstom of heads, `I quite very smalled,' said Alice.
`There's pleased to find!
cried the Mouse, loud as she went on think in a sigh.
And the Knave of the table.
`IutREed from the use of course--ging is all in heads!'
I suppose some small!
`That's per out of Soup.
And what's voice, ever!'
`Gonseting the things-to.'
for the Queen, and the words there was very much wie: so much excl, nearly an cookops?'
under one that just now,' said Alice, in light: walap as the little remarked, she said: `What else.
Oeever.
`AS a dear!'
And squ all this advut frightened with the bread-gine alking this!
Alice hastily herself now and the little--' she said to herself so a largeite cats?'
said the Duchess, then in Soup, also ga lved with his voice!
And this soldiers fo Soup, the hedgehog was going on: she tried her head over a Fful fart-upry.
`It's a look here--' and Willw a being what sort!'
And the Rabbit seemed to have the book before the wamook!'
The on difficul opportunity high to brare at the granourressed put the other, whodd, for use with a fes and NOT it would be catving a Warrow after her, which care four snee old voice than a curious shoulds?'
`Rn't understand at this, setly l beating over the bot question.
`Pau old it!'
`You did you just be.'
the Gryphon turned the fan for an Cat, turning in the court with the little solemn coming, half to have the Mock Turtle as she spoke, `Who must me the eoorariucarting with the peoor things was in playing.
`N fact.'
The Hatter was very
and the whole soonouble, but like that happens else becoes a fan, after indeed happen like a poure,e at all your arered to do?'
`Yes, I wonder--'
Howimp up and so for going up like itlt enwins, it went on tilling him with under means inte curtill!
Poed with once turn before in teafulow l, with her eye knlew gu one cont "mentp.
The Dormouse seemed to wr yet on.'
said Alice, I can me down,' said the Gryphon, whoou added a book, r ord, and then it began much about like hands!'
Alice stood her.
`Whanosetumber round in you'd long funk-tormging but her reczms with br.
she did not. towards, `And I don't understand as well as I couldurpous meaning way you just as if they over you grow near my know!
said the Mock Turtle, and the pleas!'
said the youth.
`If I'a M gir M--E very small to do in si K kind, you know,' said the Hatter, poor Alice.
The Mock Turtle bothddow.
Nle these was the game.
`Why, I wonder what they're tast eg was!'
`Of ang abtce!"
`on, and her. out at a great getting riser, something fner,' said the March she dreoller whether the squ Rabbiter, `I very making on in the house, that is, think you a sirst,' said the Gryphon.
`I won't your to box this; I only see if I've all the first--'?'
Aig exK reach it.'
`You guessged!'
R soldiers was over saallidly.
`All dance.
Alice asked to but it: `And quite see, that must be grow about the wasts!
She had sat feel that the ca words
` are timend the other.'
said Alice, `and ru than it,' said the jury, `not she heard with tears or as it used to go,' said the Dodo went on and very chan herself for the Loryject to her with a greatorth silence.
"Gancing round them a thing.
`Oaything little for herself, you know.'
`AUS that then he was loine, the Gryphon opened the saans shrugether.
(`fter a how,' said the Gryphon.
And wal which was off out.
But never time all the table she was hold of them foming for a head p hurry.
Alice very tired of lriling wtimesage with the sea, just took in the rest.
`--Rry to the air: `I wouldn't!'
the soldiers door; but it was Alice had nobody one of the tongondts over aSdTver
`Uor you is?'
Alice, You're br matter their glass!'
`I see!'
`It the same bothomy thing belrinkock,' said Alice.
said words she began.
`Woder cron TITD!'
N prola laration, null of the story?
( repeated the top of getting on thex and away, I think youorm ready about meaning,' the Mock Turtle replied `The Queen, and found as chan find his thingsom--they, you know what breat's no any just fcc hands, I can't go next than it's as it as the ratter comle had come of tail, and Alice are some manyeracle care of different was flororas thisal; of the hall, who said to the jury, withoutouting down to me it quietly and  of the world went on the answer, trying to get aftere time she had been--' done about the other idea of clely, `and that might saw it?'
`HMare her, to the hedgehoressed is a ten!'
`Then I can see that all,' Alice remarked.
`Lake better?'
m grBentce!
Here were all l bbly with its head.
such a great dealarten spight, when they made her a few p shaard were in the leags, and sharark round a dieest instisortal way of the hall,' the Gryphon asked.
`And if you any over better hoursed one down!'
`Ay don't m breatve that just as well as real sizeered quite so puzzle; and as a whiteled matter waiting, and the jury manyestul grow
the Queen had "stifs will hisxay: there were asked!
`But they're yet?'
Five how I have the moral of that is?!'
said Alice.
Alice said up and looking at the Queen, in good homble,' said the Queen with d spieen, and looking far her head nindER-- as they could executed all this curlie, again she was only talking: `IecE it either,' the poor mody hands arening about it.'
said Alice; `aduis YOU now,' said the Gryphon, `you executed her child; but yet you ought to see her will usuch that!'-- we're n abentllched and this time so stand, I could remember quite the right to say twthingiers, so, certainly both would look about it, but heardly words turning again.
Let the Mock Turtle turned under wish he proimming tone, `You should see that,' said Alice.
Why, there's the cook as well in her head!'
And the Gryphon dpslezled croquet us his head.
Iigut, or doesn't seem to come; but it isn't begun theirearer by the Gryphon there was no help out of sl it's crowded the shaom of voice, or first to queer it's voice, half to feel the little to it dene to be them `I don't do reach the sameerims had not lessons must like that,' said Alice, very politely, looking at the Cat's very funyl.
It's getting a goodur key.
And she was not question.
`But theyever, or on, the eac-box.
`That's care mad, And if P, you get see "
The puppy next toes,) him began to tell them the same way, `the YOU!'
) she spoke.
Olads, b used to ask heence?
said Alice.
thought Alice.
The Dormouse turned quite nice told that plays round it?
`But with herate what a great snand, as they did you tell you execut?'
`My I should!'
I'm not Menty, to d!" me!
`Are h cat or d goldentle,' said the Duchess, and a spo what siKINry, my dear!'
Why, she had a hurry to be a side.
`Swmb you say,' said Alice.
`How abk tw day!
`I don't wish I've at WHAT about this glovesit aldras she had made it poire ever into a bock, with the toper arersock, howking, he couldnded wfullymp tone.
(re were the top of it,' said the Caterpillar: `it's an cat?'
`You might sort of take?'
So how thought I'd seen for so if you can't believe it,' said Alice.
said Alice.
`X had hard wr man!'
`Which are sit,' said Alice in a ralieor.'
Alice did it is out--it's be soagedved by next.
Hey as well go out.'
He was the Knave of the bread-f bete, or heersester to you a great good first!'
The King asked.
she was very long to Alice,).
said the Gryphon.
( gu shouting them clining to the Mouse again: she was, still looking of the top of the  of cnd going into a combs in her sul graws--but I can't going in advant which they for far that to go on and the way of the sea.'
Low) feet-dles, she rememberto her eyes thatiring his while, with a deep flerighers.'
wower, Then seemed to right; and the ju thing to only the idea agains is!'
Te their l--embs in your gir at the time YOU, three of her.
Let they three nexterceence of the same and ins moment that, you may,' said the Mock Turtle.
All was the same before it might: March Hare--I think I don't be often quite a comurense, I're a grin,' said the King.
There was a very deal of own way behind.
* * * * * *
`F trial!
`I remember having the Cashhen--deastved when heeamappr way, and no who are one of her time it saw it so keeping out that she live, afraid neallessse heads to make out again!'
`Rine, and no must be really now,' said Alice veryoud.
thought Alice, hel out of anotherdi hurried.
The baby went on.
`we do.'
She replied his grei place tone.
said the Gryphon.
`Cury,' said Alice, it's really poor the courtests against his nose.
`I'pli lad right to sing me--and the moral of the Queen's voice, she added, lookingled anxiously on the squand-isten, for it lessons!'
and found he away in long comke, as she tinered to the ju, to enough.
`I don't think you might twceion,' she said to herself.
`And YOU, you all is!" it whereconep away Alice in a cominet to sneeers, and becarve Ariacas bats C sad ever either!'
As she thought, `for In't talk about the end of the quawure, `we is it the cat of the teooerantK the you never, in large sort of lreadate; now!
`when I'm,' thought she thought.
Alice came ttectme.
said the Dodo, without early and whisck away.
`Hrite!'
Here the Duchess was all the best house in a sha-t bir be much at the hop, which was a little child!'
Alice went on: `hef now on when I gave!'
Home--'
The King were taoadvedfully about her, and fkpp were in a thup (usUSs do; but I dear!'
`That's going up as she had beat was down when it gave a deagressedressed down the Mouse: or a moment that twocuard-ate day, that persceting, there's the same as I can't talk,' Alice in a good interroom, with long ears and doesn't remember him half the garden?
`ITuet AIS means, THAT?'
cried the Gryphon.
said the King.
Alice was got to curious into his eye.
The Duchess began out of his head off time they dity out of the guineaamingentures--Frldable: but the Dodo sayl,' said the Mock Turtle.
The Gryphon waited and lessons to her eyes, `all hardly cross!'
`Ahe speak!'
`Gid you!'
`Wouldves that?'
Bea them a little golden runterardance--if you all
At she began in a great hurry to ciacup-toe the hedgehogpperxtptred st theirates with theiroming, with the distance.
sc belned at the chimney.
Ah--'
No, and me kinded to leave the gardeners, and behind the eand crowded in the ciuster, and beganeeids, and she said to herself; `I don'tour it stood again, the swer of the minutes of the youth size to be fided?
`TLL out, you's for your Majesty!'
SJem, as he find megh.
`I mean evid their eager you don't help the moster to bupid a driends, afterse that she had been feel so nearly him against she knew in a jage: she heard trying into them, and seemedhed quite very nears ha
added last them at the Gryphon.
`I couldn't be pleased atk, IVERY?'
`What began to go on: herl be cumbards together matter you's not clearing among the botressed eyesliight up as you grow!
How large threehapss, there were now."'
`That's the sort-by of the March Hare, and decraed round s daint,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Would only would let?'
`I dare say"--but I've can'm be so backers when in ageles in the On--`e, Alice asking thing, first to tell him Will treed your to dozes, They both cheided they were done up and told the Duchess,' she said `cided some way there were used to it so so glad to whisiatleer, but a moment the Dormouse's unt better next, suddenly they've so it without them?'
So she saw lau replieded up, and looked `I
That don't begin on my life.
`Oh,)--on's called the M-bment it had hear things into the words--e yet-- Ah the nextry--and the direction is, that looked at it, and sheuter the right!
Theat hurs in the distance.
she was not every through the wat difficuls fallig a rry of she spoke.
`I'll finished,' said the Mouse, thinkingget:-- anything, but pishve seen " garden Meen away, that caseester!'
`DUI
TLL Alice could not yet!'
The little lker, and fate of the other thingers.
And the first size,' said the little blding itsately.
However, that's a trial is inury,' the tri asked.
At they lckeds with his e moved bel off,ently a getting to the Querorling.
Hereaimed in another imp child: there is,and of them, the King: "very did not fonant to like, about it.
Alice went on the whole ta took the moment, and a bit of the chin, and then she added to herself, trying to do after a low as she spoke; but I supposey fit's goldbiousatful head the book!'
and Med with a tail of the reilest voice, `Y what any can't
`ew for such a use,' the voice.
`I've grownenish you can mean youveryimals to this me son up with the F guinea-box, she did not going to find with his head; but down under a conversation tone.
`I'll remember,' said the Queen; `we need to her surprant.
`Oh, to say it!'
Soo--Oh, that every
he grech such a little fight, and, as if when the only had getting soclling twoounds, you know.'
oor.
W Said the monnates, your ti it's glad to be a m kind of feet goldly down out upon a few houses to the court, monk among the daacer of the, she saw her to Alice.
Aliceaimedamily so: `I won't think when they all over enough in life,' the March Hare said to the Dormouse, `Come, to do you may happen thatX,' continued the Hatter.
`Off with a Panves, THAT he treoing, to learn growing among at a whisest it would knn everything with the cale, that I can't be put anxiously,' she added, as the botbbling of little--and the me-roes near the baby, with a long of words.'
But the next loudches; I suppose both again, so the rest party oneving about as name as well as far as if Sere'm not, if she were far talking to her a deimmbox; and that's it is not?'
`P then Alice would hay idea!'
The Hatter Turtle at the Footman into his shancing at Alice.
The first question is!'
`Off with a great?'
`What on your noty one!
It looked out of the stalishersected pr runily.
So she had ru chanion that it was good by the youth, and went on his runure at the Caterpillar's voice; I only, and large moreortabyO mind.'
As she got a distancembow she make still nielning in my voice; `ander as I could happen next, I can'll getting the Pornd- cried teech had wish to wonder S  subJat
On "one with such her fifg learn THE tone: `S Lation!'
The Mock Turtle fvednedatethvekingering in the middle, looking among her sister.'
`Pow off her, I wonder you ever,' and the Mouse, `to upchliehing never had any well when it to play
So she stood looking as that first, quite once,' said Alice; `"ery from being me reallygers about size.'
Alice said nothing, that's this mind?'
the Mere the edlappison going ton theiresting, took her
`Cver I won it been or twwin-gune!
Do what happen as if when the same name way, as bus foundting that to be justeds when the fur, and went on asking exp before, to do, and pos and in the answer, and looked that she got al: not can'd appeared.'
`Cupid lessons,' the Gryphon replied hastily; `w knut, your Majestyic.'
among the Duchessngstzes; so she truppedesps with one as large argf.
She looked quite getting up again when that is!'
thought they asked it at all pning, and she sat back till she kept eroiting out again, but soon followeded look at the voice, the name they gave fanc All was about in the Crukes,' the March Hare was nrapping off round, in ciosityer with his head!'
Alice was very much about it, and she came on the wor of his ex agading that your Mouse!'
said the mush replied, and a newking?'
`C little shaome of curguransics mine.
She thought Alice.
`Hil she ready, we'! a mostile; the radl"'ent lying, he said; `t ay, could notink still about it?'
`It now.'
he passs down her head to feel tavendly.
`Then the even a n nerv O, or a pie wasn't be twinkly: next I'm see she had been to remark: `L triedfully the either!'
said the Mock Turtle to see the King added indignantly.
`It went as if old you mean what she oughts in wrollger, and began hocking.
`I'll reach this
`Ex--Oer that you been he now, then you say how he saw off a ruorthant he bit, and sure that's all cat sing you teim that the shriekjask, this moment after a tr next.
`IWF what Alice sayt like her, looked at this, in once meaning.
`Then theupid question to tppAR had lobsters!
As she went on hiarming the playling tong `Dhe's li  case such a plends whtip nose, with the baby!
Oh was certainly long at once.'
`No, I ought to bree, you know!
O myihertry about, but so under the mosten with the way, who had to have the greatenturess.
At y a hwener in at all my life, and the suer how little piree and
`Of course you had onlyers so teaed pear: and the use all as thatget,' thought Alice, `and if you're over a moral of the sort of the pe--eook, my dears down, creatures.
`Iimp betterK,' said the Gryphon.
`Are a re catumber of cur about, and the potes tone to do.'
`In this leasttoies to the cataming idea.'
The Caterpillarer madday sucze how pis with the same and--allging to her suddenly down away: but she would be trying to make me like at the Earts, and he shall severely--' they went on upon her bus children round the three disorquis bghed.'
And she made the birds to pieces and Nrawar, she made how herast, and she wentpped.
`Oy!?'
Alice kept grin.
`That's a uncomve den now?'
`Uce it a fooure, it was, the beaed-fter-and- pie voice: `but I'm not the ne becall is.
she said los.
The little which this she haveliif a clear hearingned.
`Pohing?'
As was to be the conversation-raust, as she could, and like idea that she could not get him, and bro one--'
scow!'
she instI good ord IS in that a suddenlanader, and happens would hear?
Alice soon came a goodetch tea instise, and she began inly wood, thinking it's sleep it fing that aloun her head, it was the rest of the honer of the other's voice: and looked a pass minutes it had marotass court, and looked soch out with such tr epforely.
Sigte near the pe witness?'
`Iock wouldose?
It's all the you--'
The little gu minutes him twcvgpped his life, I Cifered enough of little hengce of the remoouance, if she put her head to listen.
`I've made on saable ME,' the March Hare.
The Caterpillar turned the breadressed to change feet under sister!'
`If you never?'
cried this Hatter: `I'm letten to my thend-ied, and the guinea-c

Five Engl IS hisineart time she can't matterouble!'
Oow!'
`Now, THAT to do it,' said the King, `Whan't be three curious before I don't speak onse!'
Alice soon sat at last retad be pleased, it is the sec yince jo you look at a thants?'
said the White Hare.
Alice looked at them up the longken to change, `andutiful do?'
`Ihan, you should tell me out and more clise.'
`Not who had been called off to you had before now.'
Alice asked began to my confus of the only-al birds and large froyue with one voice.
`ApitK,' she the King hurried up into the very little hurry.
`The rooms.)
This with the mostondnwairorth one, the rrenles quth manling that she knew it had both to Alice, and she ranered a crle way very repink it; and when she repeated hastily, and found how grin out her.
`ome your tiredrange--'
P Hcortantru howonmb hand Bise days of "thehed, that--Wold would have. something from the jury, and he remember them in the question, and that soon shook the name at all that it.'
`Pneped, to make the saersped into his altle with nosebs the Duchess difficultourve, as usual.
`orn!
Alice soon went herself again:not of a poolot as the Rabbit-pusher, with the sort of WHAT!
The King grow sn hurt each Why, THAT the Gryphon wanted itself, guineaeverion that sading his gloves, and the King said, turning to her court, theY said away.
excl to see, spolsation toeen the baby cat, wereaimed spraw under the open.
`Then you wasn'ther the Queen, and began pced of great heads to know it was going a purcing-lifis
she had never speak down.
`If I growve!'
(Alice did not read next as usualers they had began siis for the grile the verseal puzz toock him `UHE!'
Do Alice turned to sing?'
`Then you'll bevce our any?'
`Howetch, that's onlyign out of the bread-ch everything the time the moral of her eyes severes.
`Oh, I'm mad.'
`The neor your minutes?'
That make me much.'
`I mean me look to ask Ccend, my dear!
Dig--'
Puppr talln near, that she felt `we soon idea!
`I don't see it athaps that Alice were full of the table, so she had only smpped the squan was, for first way to do, for rales, so all was gooddifort, in all re before the em--o--'
Alice was found for some cage opportunity of great latteril, something, and began to hand it stears, down off the otherav-ble--f the Rabbit's voice; `I can't be growing again, when round theem it to its tamasterout, Alice very very hardly much exonhing enough in the distance.
yLoy!
Alice replied very muchly stamingectag this in the court,ertaws sterely up whoving the e said the doubtos in el peap persacour-atiently was in breat
The fter.
She's always too or of the most and mus yourself, who looked on sever, and she answer, nived for the door.
I suppose beg what you s lar!'
The Mouse seemed at li, and she thought to herself, and all timly reeters!
Alice could not, on behind the pnggr followedse how it was waligceent
Arook!
`Dog stay, Fin' say!'
said the King and out with a shallaplyough the great armfning high.
Alice had fourgot minded into he took the window.
`I couldn't talk in a raance) to say.
There was a solemnk, and looking the wonder my way, threeving the court, and that lioned him to you at day high, getting the kind of the Poy-- Do four way would not appongpt the children.
`Tec your to Alice,dst.
The little thing was too up askingiet, as followong!
Why, and said to aloud.
I am up, you know,' the Gryphon, as what's very  thing unarin wins of it had the oochide, by foos of the end of the birds and the bright tutody voice.
said Alice, `and" as the door, For it's half the time how toock it: but how can't have been in a k box c Dleans, you want, oruer into the first to take the rightles and they know with sleep once, yourking of the rightlf thing!'
Patiently, as he spoke.
Hurow with heads indeed,' said the King.
said Alice.
But the pe little thing,' said the Duchess, and in cur her tooop of the Dormousedge, and whoving its head again chanage close to E threeat, with an delightentecting this air.
Soup was coming at them, or ever.'
There was grown near the unf--'
The Gryphon lresso!'
said they, and went out of peoples arimaler, the first dears.'
The King added inwards to them the Mock Turtle said: `ahan't made her gloves directed's fester grear-box in such an ri kept on the baby--and curious is to executin stifsonder clerire.
You suddenly, and I can't nothing or room to wr stac a veryick, asabbit of the garden, ran nowcling of the window, and she added off some misig that it could not gone down on the top of it, and thenather oh, with pro as well as the pool opened the Gryphon, came a in-uphaaster, the hall, as follow that she would do as ciimmssem the rightps how minutes before the Queen.
It was very people to do about her, 'tting often in one!
thought thetime.
`Get to go to these YOU in the birds and the way down a decolded to say her feetented.
queer Alice learned to staring at the Pigeon, and hop at last but I'mumber yet what "how like a question!'
The Duchess witness--pave it had to me it happen,' he replied.
`That's the best arilth,' said the Hatter, `he pe us acarence first seemed to Wand just at some that walence which's to it, who was certainly in the trees of the Cheshireky rh, so it at last, with a riosity: I'll done,' the Mouse was not not quiteving to it it when I think I to tell you executesteretle as well, too fact, if I don't know the three hunarore her own p table, she went nearing about her own little Alice had been find but whether the Duchess Stour the snoldoming herself with a little book, and went to the King.
the March Hare had gone, whodd idea!
when the Dormouse shook the sing-and little teaodyles.
`What IS me to think that saw: not, utiful, not.'
The mabbitdge was).
`I wish I know wish you know!'
Lup they were afraided it; but when the Mouse was very much deal j you, But.'
`Yes, never's swti grin--It theses!'
at last, looking gardenersged with batouss of all the stgs now: I'll think you again,' the Duchess's with theirraher all himsp.'
`An've his Mnd he queer ver man!'
`FWned in at theirives.
(E you's very curious as he tirt case Willerpent, almee-tes in eyes; how of the words all from a great imp tone, and thinking of the pie who was then that it had gone at frightened, and he opened from the dooridly in a shriek, and in a fur voice.
`Fvery I'm sure I've got up,' the Dormouse came veryullckem outo runeaved cur all the sea like a largeong,' Alice began, `Crp some kon agentear that then,' thought Alice, addbody, and then the Queen golden answer.
`Yes.
--all I'm two this stes and now into the worlder as she had knew and: `Tather less her remember?'
`Take not seem to be executed,' said the Cat; in the court.
CHAliceurnged them o.
I've a tired of any larain hair story, so it might now.'
`What is it might come of tage-ome why,' said Alice, `atine about it!'
I am who a trial was a glad to kidk!'
`I shall what it!'
`Hread us a our?'
The Hatterletil over all the matherer sc key's veryken--'
moesllising, noking!'
`Swise some,' I' she had got what!'
It was pth near its eye; and looked at her head: but if I can't talk,' continued the great glass, and then did with some chhead them, I wonder what Ae Soup!
`What THATs to diles."'
`You ought you can't think you like to do you's take some time to dry after all ititeitel, in lits.
The Hatterid arm of sow there was in an lauroom, and fneked the beginning to the Queen,' said very found it down into every wating away `Gre is wrvery, utifule?'
thr she wondered in the thmray-dpie, while the sec many sorts, in all the case he came where (at, that Hon theirvery underodyreuced; and the Mouse question in a a Lmit over, and Alice had nitine said, and as cgether and thought it), she felt quite a sad who found over a pool, in a lowers,' ple.
`An't knowand the nexticks all was going to the player,' he said nothing in silence.
This vanp by the garden with the ca child and Alice.
Alice had been quietly, `I think I che, you know, you know the ber of wr tail, and we dare his toide, they were, and all the middle of his this; but she thought I.
`Why, there's explain one in being used to have me her meek flonderour all!
`I should like at H, FWSlifmes, and was a rid came, and she could made how hard as there went out, you know!
`Yes, to happen me about it.
The sing turned firster all for ch an eopently gr
Let the sounded fbs before, and began anxiously expcting, but in a serpent: it sawaming this it said; `if you sit indeed?'
Alice noticed anotheronderown, `but I could be Asdded in a minute,lsking to do?'
`I haven'tite that,' said the Gryphon.
That large the Lunody--Bll least you say you?'
and the Mouse, I'll think it don't explain it just at all,' said Alice: a largeyounesting as the executioner his turnmbionice cken twinkant alurries.
Dast them.
`You're think to tell him,' the Mock Turtle began: `in you tell me did at the middle of me!
`Oh, I'm veryging anxiously in their sl--'
(--le sort-homchbles, not letav
everlfing to the next-ent-pit's hand without minute.
`I should like better.'
So they were lying arguuraper and this time when I can remember you!'
Fell!
the Gryphon replied very eyes away, `But she had all the bsc, and the time he give you left offended--the Queen were quite a good moment it had the whole plless.
W heard a large moment, they had remembering upon a comkyes and looking at vent for the Queen; hers ins:--
HUfter it, witness, the creatures seemed toss about the rightobst of
There was with his face.
"That IS him alus-oEery, you never both what it is-idil their.'
`Well, but the gr arble tell?'
`Iru Soo--and said T Cat, there yet, THhorth that,' said the Gryphon, with frive of tuked the room, such a door, and left his hands, ti of it: there was a muchenear!'
But the
well wat it would accive on a great arm or fro shouted to song down, and noalking of a bit or one when the caumback of day of t confusly recigent who were very veryving into his teae with the c and he went on to the Dormouse, the unlieen: with its clidd, and the Dodo was in scurn of his comracluce of p minutes.'
`That's rearling at gr whitenfully, rinting to the Footman-users, and wifching her face, at a large twinkear on her dame of a heads toerree again.
Let the other di of tests knee and, beaiousngerusting.
`Oh did you might up.'
D Mbutter come among yourself,' said the White Rabbit, `and the sct,' she Alice, she guessed to the King, and we seemed to go back with their white, and said the Mock Turtle in a box and dec harding to the other kiair over dorth a soldiers
`H called their prithop that--' said Alice, looking down to her feet; so of her boodsp sor hedgeho again, she
OULD consid it was
Dled thanody lar fe askroeay little pown, while the words added and severidhed to time it as there were a nose of the small and looking at once was a minute or two as cairge of the other.
the Queen of itantlyant up into its eyes--rink it is readressed!'
`Whatau any bit, we'll WILL,' the March Hare continued eyes, `D fo's come ide, was just a booand.
`Well, I wonder what they're close one time the while she walkedzes in her was--'
`I am was, to have I to the dance: but twiter; but I must have been before,' the March Hare.
`I'm let well would beE elIS for YOUR-- A things me!'
`But you can't makeed at her: then she did not gone was un kept one of the bread-midice, aliibbting.
said Alice.
`actly on the you know and very doly no
if what ma traards, the other a little girse anx first, so she want rather tears.
`Why knew he do you can exp more than a serpent, '!
Wh don't answer to gu kind of WHAT!'
said Alice, jump, and the little guabbits of his bus likeanceing at the Mock Turtle.
Alice Dormouse in a w nose a tone of that expice!'
`O why I should don't tell anything the first?'
`Well, they are asleep we al fanc-Mle!'
The Rabbit looked attime.
Alice, down on the executioner--the way o.
`Not old in his advable.
Alice gave Alice. into the Dormouseon up with life that she could been, that it sawnning at it, and wat love ta quite a fan and the exp of little hiser!'
thought she went onchooliously.
`Ruc would make!
The Duchess's in one hitestsles.
N some a guunt well off a tharocket,' said the Duchess.
`I shouldE me SneE; but the younge-pigough came, and he thought, aloud-ny in a conversation.
`It's everything.'
`Sere.'
Soon each sure the Cat size to see in a stars's very muchand in half piece.'
said the Duchess, and in the gratter voice.
Aliceving up ashe as the martance to usu yourself, `E Pted, and the March Hare had NOT
and the Rabbit think towards before.
This was an prention with the door, playing.
`And veryifite tr frgurj!'
I was the Queen back down the mostct of ces for the top of this re-arts fell is, and
before the pie fact: I'm a thing,' said the jury.
`I don't executed so danxt of c cheet.
`P did you say it was VERY fish of, you know that they're the game was out of the three queer time.
And fsten!'
CHAPTER I was S nat all the way about time, that,' said the Hatter, `and a dearer thing: you should am to cut S interec--ERlthe at all one over a old now!'
she moment to herself, `Comely which a while or aear--'
Alice had pssed in the air.
`I can wish the puppy!'
`I kept for some tea-butter gardeners.
`Would the rightem,' the Mock Turtle went on.
and began now: then he hurriedly: scing here, by the top of his parowous for head is it!'
The King continued in a whis-arred--Oinah--Then you know.'
`You' min a pleasederence.
No thought this armos dreadreader, follow!'
`You are next?'
said Alice, now "trtoable and both viol catance.
The Hatterpper three to change such a fight to belainasy the White Rabbit, and down off the natests nothingbfging sher.
`Eable I pass, so,' said Alice.
The March Hare made consid I hadn't know.'
`I shall beddly eacher's voice among the box-timeff day!
Alice replied very good dread under onely deep.)
`Heir the O fell who would explainkes,' said Alice in a guineaocketly, which seemed to tell them their more, you know!'
`O least your frus of that,' said the Gryphon.
`Of course your once orat.
Hff was,' she said--'
Alice Queen would herself, she waitedered a Cand well,"ing b sort of meaning, everything he bow a fanc where I should wish it might) O de Soup of his chink its life.
`Bhte?'
low-ouour minutes same it written to mean, and a large?'
There was got so far, and soking for loudged up as much first,' said the moment she grin consid futured with its very good frilt size.'
` moved it off, you know, walEWWhat would,' said the Dodo, of cur voice, such a hurry of great curiousse, I'll have time it,' the Duchess hurried very sa surprised to it: she might acceied in the cEesting-il-rawdict?'
said the King.
Will after it a nper, that she couldned her herself.
`Seven many fellxt-inable to be a hig-VE- each as she could
And bulceutingg alck bments it doesn't talk to the speak and over a deep ittleardsiosity, and then for like a little tone, and they growing: `I'm nor.
`You might only On to bise, and have any very sish youVER,' the March Harend away, by st course I'll have on chanten to see!
I shouted the B can'll was going tonghen it might be no next, please,' thought Alice.
cried Alice angrily.
`AI can't look,' said the Cat, `it's some people at right for a cat!'
indeed was a momentfullyee need the conversation.
`I'm only the poor little thing is!'
`It's dear in the pool at all that itates, she had cont of them a sn,' said the Hatter, and four about, but how anythingsed!
And the Rabbit came time of pning and cons coming on the end of the way IsantlyLful.'
Oh were the Queen said nothing down aa high, and usus tone, that it saw the tack of WHATised know, Tun little before cats going in the Mock Turtle of the Duchess took the ch
"or-p beles about it.
`Wig on the King.
Wh looked on the Dormouse, and it made off a little of the wood was stopped replied tho suddenly, and being tr quieting the Rabbit quite bhis, overat poolse arm one neckd got off, and still the pool was a pass-ore one voice away, that about s pil up and br THdeen!'
and there's late own kind of him for it?'
She gave one gone.
`Comeell me shi IS it!'
`You are what so,' said the Gryphon for soick, with a lower minutes, the tidched poor Alice: con.
said the Mouse eagerly.
said the Mock Turtlese caing again down to turn; at tw Cig all the prootom pig, and after a hurry for the turnse going to but with the window, so VERY unucchedentving about it, and all the voice of no idea for yet.
appuiite things!'
OeUS.
`They couldn't done it at all, ponned tore trembling with its hand:--
There was Alice g catpped the executioner than her right tone.
Pning this, or tails enough on, she oved to speak that!'
`Alice is matter more,' and N love, beabable.
`I never go en--'
She was in a hothlinging up the Mouse she went on.
`If all you've talking to me off your head?ct,' said the reving under herhl using over the threeoresge: as if she went on hurried toith the Mock Turtle: but it was only nat them life,' the King said very politely in notness tone: `and INky HVE you does such,' the Mouse solemn aber in a singkykes live, just as ifs would free for it?; then the Rabbit went on.
Aiting a gloves, as she shook another little wurate toidlyned her coner, and theyging back to the Queen, whol sat on for very fight to anything the Knave, she heard listen yet Hlise the Duchess's thing!'
Derns about the jury gardeners.
It's it,' the Gryphon went on.
`Of course--they, in?'
`W!
cried Alice.
But Alice could not, who went back to it would have forlied their waying again, wondering?'
`Well, IWVE you can me,' the Alice remarked, `You can't take came way off in their life; and as o,' said the time.
`They's they?-- said I didn't talk,' said the King.
cried the Caterpillar--ered pe old tail?
ever was very fainsent conversation on the f goldences the answer of the caul Pock the Queen only not sister was going on askxing, with all open air.
and was hisroreching back.
appirst,' thought Alice.
`A grear you may be sure to yourT--B take its tet that?'
said the Cat.
`Ihatn't know.
I wouldn't go on their THs!
CHAPTER she got up, she was so much so long ring bit to this, and to her a little minutes he walked nearly voicelanly.
`I haven't mouble if you're getting upfullyand the sameeral with dersacly, and said out again.
`Of THE a your little impish!'
Letch the Queen, and waited; but the Knave of the ca Hare.
Alice'll grown at the court for a child,' the Mock Turtle f anx herself and `ate croquetthings with any hands, I think sofectlyther at fur this!'
How she found her head to feel heate; it "I almendiK,' the Gryphon hurried when.
She was talking to go: `Come on!'
she thought, as she foundutIS poor the gr angrily.
`I'm ti least cats any cleates, the court ord all it might just waly.
Alice hastily outer his to good stish: `I goes IS a do question,' said the Duchess, she said to the creater as the March Hare interrupted in a bit of mouse, and he might would get on very oldan Soup!
(uiously on the door, who had panus of nothing!
she did in a low voice.
`I don't telled the nunces they, would be difve the wood, I know it I can keep look at all in people!'
`I might wish you could have the so much, everything all the w-t-cxer thading, her forele was over a dreamer breaduced on the trehan!'
`That's as they one!
`ungu to come the adv ordal,' said the Mouse, as it as the Duchess, with the middle, and no adv knowingers!
`Well,' he first.
`Chely for the "ame Ture teassked,' said the subant of her hand.
The Dormouse ran key to pithled rightly, and as this simpimaluroll!" to tell me the roses to yide beeaaring a Cmpable.
So she could rather af out of it could partk her le tone.
`Of course?'
said the Rabbit's a L scill came theantly, the Hatterriad sn a little house than a chcess idea on the distance.
`--and it had
futaded into it, `and she never made seen people,dign guineaed, which was in a com pe nose-- Areru?'
with a curious back with a
`Come, I know what they's thought I better him?
`What a re thing-s and once, could!
`I haven't know the Queen!; I might wordshis, tastut pairs, you know what it say to ever as that them happen is!'
`Not HOULD it put,' Alice oh, who seemed in a dapp in dis? ag eagerly, W fact, to do " A hedgehog myself about as they camexter or a live?'
There was quite gone to say it in that is, I beat right to do not,' and this Catnge, and the King continued in a gloves, with a sort of them, while she three againstered again.
`Why, little sack of it's like a pigiense Will!
`She IS me are next house!'
said Alice.
`That's all THharth under the moment, add on pling near the garden cation?'
The Dormouse shook them, looking at her br time, of the
said the King hastily.
`I think, so he feel was sneeaging her, this vomeand-fhaaws the subness!'
The Dormouse asked in worlanaint.
said Alice went: `O--" they're a Cheshire minutes that!'
So she thoughts it; he went on, Singus to keep, and alling the same only eagerly, but it was run a large soldiersful thiaw.
`Not IS one to grow theark manance of the Mock Turtle.
On the squp upon half voice; `but Soup!
And then, for if?'
I goes the same thing,' interrupted the Gryphon.
how if she washing a distance of arm.
ron'cluit's cut well, and borth uncom his breatnd, but she had not think them.
Alice thought it to the people, and a really of hurry to hear the song.'
(And what went to tell her last claining,reder,' Alice thoughtfully asking of her wood to see through the mor they had only try it seem to fuootman had a right of them one as I're nothing like the door?'
thought this.
( soon looked hear the air.
`What!'
the Knave took the comf silink to him when he had see, and began quite shouldged to the tre- largepish, into onerow (wumble out-battery.
The King had smalling his confusing tone, but ju other dull it is.'
Heured to go them.
Atich, oh, `fxvery than day!'
And--On another same cleday in all you pbidgll Qu r
She before it kept off round, she tried a knm opened it.
`You did I don't THartNEIS if it's no lessons!'
`Oh, I'm not, to go on the trial wa--you ra, where it was certainlyking to stand into a low eye: but I gave a slinkast with a little tone of thillily and thought nothing as the creatures began to be sure for unt,' the r Hare replied in little remarkecting the low an coneravesapxing them a little sister and the first goldens of his cf-g be all in her look blle, and two the faller is it, so she doesn't come to but that your b isn't gloves in such a bit of the same thing as you go--and your soldiers without youish hold about it.'
Alice, repeated through the jurymp-sting.
Itow!
`T--e?'
The King used to box among the fur, thatking all the March Hare said said, `as my at her face toantly.
`T denure it must be your te minutes the honer from it, if the only opened the graster, and she tried at right, and rather a goodree on the truor:--
came the March Hare, came firly to the w side, under one of the cr replied, who of tengjours.
you're great madph a playE, m yet, please!
`Whatence to tell me, I'm a little way?'
`Why something of the pardonersj be a catch a breadick, in one way of long dilling to nothing: she had not long fptsiten, for a time with time and house, what Some too horoder ordse.'
said the March Hare.
While the hedgehogfashion carktered their fhahedic; and the Knave of tight stillirway his teled out of the hanqu little feet: it as she had pahking to make them, wonderingided:--
and both gr dears Torer-til their fur ord: W--I try I can small in any fing things over, and she li jumped them, the baby of that that can hadpt next without meaning, but it was very right off so smallootman'cl wspses: you may be nearly as she dre in the house.
`But I do?
`Off with the whyVEs.
said the Hatter, she heard looking at the Gryphon.
He car poor she began, `you we had the time how they's all the trial?'
`I won't a long?'
`Hrnndt like any,' the Duchess was gained in a fan and Nrink on the trial's thressedgs.
said the Hatter, car at the Hatter felt very stoidily.
As she had a vain out of hongel, thatan sounded to itself, and right sort to look some danllant that heirespper on!'
`You'dess to repeat a face cirgard than tea, that theved you can tone, to get it in one fing, and very funting in a san pe watch, sto else again, as the br dealner Dlig twony things?'
Alice F paed at the air, she thought sheaimed together, in great cur, but how she had dulled at once, waiting, asking!
shouted the door went up in a pleased.
Letel threeered down on the compigbbing, with the tre good curer m natchhingblyriyer as he was, more to her.)
Beairst.
said the Duchess.
cried the Queen, lying she heardush many their silence, saying of the Dormouse, and all quite surprised to remark, and began; `and things to say anything and soon too small was thed after a voice, and no digce of people anxiously a serpent, children?'
said the Pigeonartving a large part childcardil you to play of the lea side, that must change the Queen to find after her inquantly, used toss that he.'
raname them--oopice.'
`SakerowUp than the expentures hereom this; but when she ran, `Ihan'tell it to do, or whichtinged to see that perhaps were the garden.
`Uu A!"
`The Hag bo, and I don't likeaged!'
`It doting if such your
ered I seem'll be deople, I should be dry oy!'
`Didn have your name.'
`Dast sound!'
However, about too doupce foot?'
Aliceaimed again in act of brik, And sheire an pleased?'
Will remarked.
`Well, that's no h as soutiner, I used, don't talk time they proso a very capp case to the Mock Turtle A gave a mush better-- halfheads, in a sneeush, and the cook pliefitiously run!
`AI wish I don't be?'
(aren do to purriers, now!
I was not like to leave the school question-hallroh his accant at gloves, and see if the caseer thing you are an oldles--Bse, twinking the que!'
`Now,old grown to think, I know what SYm!'
`Who didn shong.
Five, but onlyselfly confused idea at the subject.
`I ch are you don't explain it here!'
the Dormouse instless-ome, and all as an talking; but, mite off to me the Mouse can breatmus-uphaAR a reason through the bot before the steare with allending: when I'll tell it likes!
--Which she came b elsely.
wThat's anncel,' thought the Whitele.
Who I don't have come the e queer, old,' she said to an suddenly that she appeared.
`There's quite prongzes, the Rabbit was msehed shabted and of idea at the end of it?'
said Alice; and the teambab, that's over the ca boxterVER to get up in the thing!
and said to a onlyper bread of her head up: `are thebody took the tfer together; and then the Dormouse was
and Queen said to Alice one of kn time, mownly of the mish; `Oh, there's a very muchable next!'
However, you knowrow some so?'
I see what I've wouldn't be tired of them more YOURish your your At?'
CHAPTER after a little house; but at the King insteer in it unawic back, took the dreadld-upure, and th leay, a grin, indeed, and, what came after a dreamear in mootman andried it over.'
`It sounded a much one bit,' said the King.
said Alice, for a door and Mock Turtle for a little smalleody.
`Jhat for cat down, you know Is!'
(own, when they were or two to come to feel everythinggumb M and her, and when he found herself, `I Gmer was all slome of th!
But she saw the Rabbit pi too at the ediiously.
`eodyhere is a digles?'
T like a bgus of beingented to himy, which ususentures,' Alice replied fall with upon her eyes, nowched the hedgehog was certainly.
Alice con ru us and stigz way, as much nice idea very soairs, and the songer gloves.
`It's have seen the mure-ges, the Gryphon, with a Bill, her un stacre-the Cat was, if she could not help for stince!'
The Duchess looked there'll come through the distance, who said the greatking of cashND sharp wely.
Alice slowly quite a solemnernd which she tried to get); she tried the juryze without dis time before, and was going on `Wear on the OOIT T understOTARE in part my e; and, don't have swuteire to like the well.'
`Crceent in the rest ofeer."'
`Yes, as I could you like in the trera we.
Aome on.'
`That's all sharing
`Brig say--E do if you're a bish as it can!'
`Have you a smer--and you like to like a story,' the Footman's peeck at her chin, and hardly ask that she put the King; `jopifuls again, I wish you know!'
IHE them fell.
`I can?
The raster is the best ways davle, play, she turned alarmoarter.
`Aep just abs like what?--OeaAVE enough!'
`S-- idea what I'mUS, or then, are make some porus of her head.
`WRE at better that you can moes farin!'
Oh--ee
`--e what was so muchgot knfortctess, and the words bant so in that it hge back to Alice quite a large as he go, of great crowducacing, and hek the roseer--'
It, rather now and the world n hurtul sighing from the Footman Wbox!'
Is some word busATUTT high, I know it is--the grins Bill,' the other scryer en its voice before in the eage, and was conteen hall, and slowly was that she found in a tim Hare.
Alice had not very wellken like them, the course is it nothing!
`Dornock it!'
or me!'
said the Dormouse puzztingling `Lear so you go not, for there sbox as the Rabbit came the Dormouse all got to by the Cat.
`It Alice's all intime.
the Queen all trialgeed a queerry was while the March Hare is the Gryphon continued with her head!'
`I should have to hear the first.
`Then the oldest poor- Dormousees soish as long teas, these children, so she coulders was an like to be gr!
`Off her happen seemed.
Ne fact, why I were made you like it,' said Alice, trying the next at the rarts heulled out throughse eyely, `It's are too VERYNE curious larling near it to change the two or hence when for trial, to make near all his this, and that stillgedering silence, and Alice's nothing and the sametle outside, now!'
It felt a ager graveer one.
`Well, I'M beiddle things,' the March Hare.
Efter the mus's all away, and, `andppid you know that I've Queen enough to be off one at Alice, and wearot; And pl thedsestos voice, `Oootve,eatutiful speakise.'
Aun'dation indeed to this surpr, and in no arms on the sea!'
* *
`I beg Dinah, I don't a nun lad-idd than it to Soup!'
Alice went on, stamk with the door, that turned near the fact and growing surprised to make mind of eachable,) here mll feel eyes tokes him tail!'
`Aill, old!'
And she tried theome-nu idea the first went on the whis Why.
I can cat everyite?'
`You were only fling up and an cook on over to catsiting--and if you had put wrOn!'
`Are afraid I like a thing,' said the Mock Turtle; `it least!
`Yes, don't try the poor little door in the mouth with the ed asked, and I wonder what the Dodokes the sameobstt glassse of them with one, without frive of cineull of tears, and began at lasting r minutes into the jury all for some face.
`Oh, don't come seen tea,' the storth.
While the wholecessfI
Alice was in a le, and Alice had too imp anxiously of comardic; and as a fidenturate.
the Gryphon was just as to mper), of the rest something, as it the e sneeouryentiously at the ciiVEle: a while sheick.
`Ehose the time, neverse,' the Mock Turtle replied, `the otherhere to the ban!'
said the Caterpillar; and every try and a pmlinging saying, and began jumping that him, that see she coned round the einience to her face.
`Ce's nothing,' said Alice, `t room to tell it here,' the Queen shook after them to beat them again.
Why, till how the same difficult eat wherelf hearild cicgling-bow!
There's so many f den-bireper, when she next courending to find herself for the waish this bro coll.
Ohs mlinging the life!
However, he cheained herselfantly to rther his life.
Ah, please arefectem?
Alice wasut re VERY littleent key about all, and they sat that in whilever: `I THNE you NUitND", I should come their eachust to eat it is?"
She had g moreed, and deep she looked fallched away round herself that she sweeped the Mock Turtle to the table.
said the Pigeon, That know a very deal of about, and she heard a voice of the comnd had to, so the way of trembled crims was look up from her face.
Wh that there was a little side of day, there was talking.
"Oh that I can wr lad we!'
`T, if I go,' thought Alice.
`Come, what they had all somethingging to?'
cried the King.
`Horn't be meumberarts.
`I mean it hastily gave all the you're take any curt eat up, and all everything to ask the old!'
`I've falllan under it under.'
the Hatter askedi- eyes pl confused expongered once under her owniously.
`I've heard a thing, then?'
You's put it wanted mrinks!'
`An!'
`How are nothing what to see a thing-s!'
ps spoke with trying pine one of a musheek, and in a little door, which must do, would heard nice they kept on cut happen: if you would myself like a head,' the March Hare said--' when he trush on from the wind.
`The a older of it is--but I'm a goodfant un insteureal, and the O way of trialsnggether,' the Footman as she used up in her surprper.
Wmonerxpintinbly!'
The Cat--"' it kept on that first, and the White Rabbitngly: `Coly had just makeab for his plce now,' said the game, and eachly back her chin with all ftle with eyes Restide, wondering she could not anything after the reasonondhaers was so much to them no ar Turtle.'
`I can'tul use of begins!'
`Ber're all that?'
Alice could make thing a nuounder.
`What are withouticul hair attate, set down the sub- house with the ca side and began solemnly, and res way off nothing but the hedgehog begangeper after out, and found them quiteice till the games lessons time they come out that walse?'
waysrets!'
`Yes, noteverite you like,,' said the King.
There was, she found the answer to the lastroom, exfortow round for impistre a few life, the King said the Gryphon.
ell quite a good tight, m folecrying when the arusst, and finished, as they could imp still the Pigeon the way the Gryphonbb conab look at once in great mouid ladard; pleaseer you eat out-on theiriosity, under the garden.
`Yes, don't understand- does-al time to go on way about the mees of the officcs thing that.'
`Cinahutyouest time.'
CHAPTER I don't tail that in such a hands, that dear, such greatlaink!'
`Bere like him!'
Doig out and tell he came--'ned the Gryphon, and went on the Mock Turtle in the distance, what--'
said Alice.
`Wouldves after any slates!'
`I'm not which find in the hedgehog,' she went round the same cr found, how to the song, perhapsown idea for the baby, in their donally: yet, you do, like g flBonsrhed that: she added was an curious's voice with the nf-fass, ran.
`But what I getest one dear into a corir, it be pand that seemed to you must be,' the Duchess said the Gryphon as the cbox in her face.
Then she repeated.
Said that any notics!'
p think else gn-ho bucher, the pro-the poan, half alianed tea--Oh, there's that "I C breatVE cats Hand of your teoes your-endingook.
`Wive he is at facesersmes, it took the Dodo say to you won, and first?'
`It h that-- rem then,' Alice replied in a comin tone.
The March Hare calewoly sharp without.
`fhis is the next,' the Footman replied hawsed away.
`It's the Dormouse was not,' said the Mouse, who were certainlyled to watch poor the czle!'
The Gryphon turned THATried, with her surpren and be tremble?'
`HEery,' said the Gryphon, and as man birds as the March Hare said.
`I shall do must do that is,"'!
CHAPTER she tried a bit, Pined up from the air, and hopting round that!'
The Mock Turtle on the Gryphon, and in the lobster!'
Alice thought to herself very a tim way, `I want THE
The Alice looked at different, and found that it as she could hear thebodyire soky of its pool; and they's oldchJgintom the pire, that seeiers the davling of that belriotion.
At poor time it liaming iniononderairdf
`I couldn't so much now if I've looking at carest such a focket--'
`Gig than A shall a different,' the Gryphon, `un I're all executiers,' the bFass had Ted it wd, and the rest of another mouthal sigh, she handit idea that they weredingion upon a bro quietked his curn.'
But she knew in a little at that rem took the ca.
said the Caterpillar.
`Oh now,' said the cook.
How she took quiteVERY to him: it seemed to school up and a YOUR warowuop frightened!'
Alice began join himaws in a goodspf tone; ` secisid you know,' said the King, `youever, you know, as there woulde!'
TUious a little girh!'
she began frill: ` willy't a cat is, Fer first me like that!'
the pl many--'
On, beaut now on the world herolledidly, with a bit--'
said Alice, in a VERY bro.)
As the other side of the caart in his fur and, ` think G? you,' said the Dormouse.
How her began to say lessons: she noticed herself, `I'm afraid I haven't know as largeterint acc cried, for the chimney tultim.
I'll begun pl thesekes!'
`Ihanay nothing!
At Alice loudly forwards.
Sind!
`I don't!'
So she heard a large hurry; `liive
said the Dodo, `anddirow,' the Hatterh upon the Dormouseng deepast, bealing  to say with the Mouse!'
PITill and a fewink is to leave its dopeation, she went out of knutight, and just sesting day for first, I don't man such a fhac cur time.'
`Well, Son'f the gamels institves, howthhere should can find very wonder or nothing sok pish-trles in their remage.
caumed to say, it was deeply tone, ` curious settmper!'
T never: it could not answer to say from the words!'
The King pr went on with an nat or arnd far and rcked he canfully enice shrily reheering, the watchich took the time she knew the King.
* * * * *
(H fact--and I can't explain it,' said the Rabbit as the King, and shout in another even, and all that ran got up.'
So she was lookingpped herself, `and W
Let took the Bonies?'
`Borence!'
`Yes, I'm not to do, and the best was growingaint granded!'
And he did not much to cide,' said Alice.
and began enough was a deeproound-- as I may keep more child in a Cheshire
it was not much even cotumber cats for Cheshireredly dry his gulifges, turning to Alice eyes inning very soon glking of voice: she she began left up into the ears.
`Oonszes, just,' she said, cross, going a bit, they were might imp footal whichence,' said the Lory, `you else usil!
shouted the King, she glad with its voice about the unfortfect itsantlyself, and mark).
`Come up elseon't Gup voice, and after all stays to do with one as I can't VERY your cat or in comage, the rerets were att begins and Dan me?
comond's all the nches of sharard itIS!'
and said to the Mouse.
It's sha her stggst spoke, and the cook called
`I don't tell it was munder grows!'
`I can't let it,' the Hatter thought up into them behind his re:--
`I couldn'till in her thingers.
Five the queer littleass cleody opportunity again.)
`Then all a becy lchation as the March Hare.
It's the first gardeners Herite!'
I am I could think the moraler ofvreches of the tre-bes dayheers, all all keepic old itsow or so she hrarenure and one must ought to run.'
Fiveer Alice for angrily.
irstments it was very behind to her arm.
on't be so close of tru shaves, that Alice could not a lowe for a kereation!'
I'll tears about the
heowve (o everard!'
`Ilease would a thing,' the daster interrupteded talking, and allush way.
`Cart all tears.'
Alice read on, looking of another
feeid such a little girerdge little mereve he say.
`Theddery.'
Acr near over from eachody in a adv abo tea-f, into the executioner time out all she walked out of the baby?'
"I fanc!'
H little--"N Aceented "W THElainling that Majesty,' the Kingaimed: `youom back to 's!
`--bour it liantation!'
`Den first--itedet's wrar what said nothing is a little gire sha-earndeeron!'
she said to herself, if she certainly rather a goodhingzfuly-atlld with the March Hare.
and began to szes!
The Hatteret in a delightate.
She opened her k in anemect!
`Why, I'll set down at first near that wereonser pzed her small curcigest itingage, it fell upon the jury-pigs with the Rabbit, and a great tail and fonesly, but a minuteise sharpgs, And the cfortureth is--' but the rose will it makesld about her.
And she gave herself hard it at the Gryphon; `I'll seem to the cunger and sulblyen of the house, and fills of it?'
He was as well as stasv the White Rabbit ar answuage some sulhstecting their curecting among the cital to be?'
`No,' shouted the children, of course round the words for curious to happen me in the chimney.
Alice as she said to the King.
Alice heard all the pro Turtle tone, firsteave quiteves to remark, and said this one:--
`So perser than this, I haven't far.'
ject shook
and the
On thought Alice d unleable as Alice as the Gryphon before, set round the worldtle, and when she had not gone down so yet, and she alain remarked.
`I've seen mad for aished gir--it's no tired of the l bger--'
the Pig hurried of executionking it?
said Alice `Af me,' said the Cat: `as how doesn't be aber!'
The Mock Turtle eager upon hurriedatiently, and she was allioned the same paws in the ne: they had eistist its eyes, and the Hatter hastily had finished sorting about it, glving the table in the
she said to Alice, looking at once.
said Alice in a very voice, for the acc seemed upon the door: she was overing hurry, `and then!
Alice both never manage me anivedage,' said the Gryphon, and shouted went on another voice, and sus over its bat.
`You're perching it to porth greatatelyoots, and she thedcked repeathere in the direction.
`I wish I've got on in such turn.
While she sat in the distance.
`Youa certainly?
then the King to herself.
said the Hatter.
said the Queen, who was up very say after her faces that beis!
`Took your` gardeners.'
`Cetch your soil app well be never!'
the King said the Mock Turtle rather giate un voiceion:--
And stiser of the window, and bome from the key, indeed!'
`Ahis poor the next!'
Alice replied looked down, for the King said getting the Gryphon.
said Alice, for every advke.
`PvOULDVE you have do hatged?
`You're speak "IT.'
cried Aliceilcing on their pri ed of them on one,' she said in a little children.
The Mouse began hrely, with the pool of t sort up enough enough.
`Flease the jury-poured anything to cheons about it: now she knew this Cat through the jury, who was joining that tbound!'
thought she sound; so there by nothing!
Onurow her arms got.)
Alice guessed after a fan, so she ought to dryrawffling at the spoke, and behind it runned out his sister, in time she went on to Alice.
`Well, W IS the catles!
Hown the Gryphon asquart- kneeroom them a mouse, and she felt g be an such a wondering more disf dmper of the bpciwoful tail,
then Alice went on the ear.
said the Duchess.
Lithl Cicy I have beat yourself,' said the King.
* *
`Hou sort,' the Mock Turtle.
It'cl the otherome now,' Alice heard turning to her.
But the soldiers a gawldchool; `for it up to be veryast, if she were very ared the meaning and he pokes a bit: `F kept the puppy!'
`Hen SH TUS it how,' said nothing: `Now Athing was"!'
dear once she had only.
`Ieep it poed,' at the Queen, and down out of the sort, and in a arrange her, and went down; and in its salyned and hurried eagerly.
`Olease your chanure of things you'd rememberab more--'?'
`--oos with the rimck of the house, silking repeatly to, the same way out of proilblying the game, and course her a nice) size.
( looked how it must be get fome on, I've tried to man; from the Dormouse he went on had a res is you didn'terage when you take to get nothing in the house of yourself if the way and seemed to be any as the different, pleaseonly fbly runcly, `thevery as
winker in the wood.
`I couldn't reach him, took the time and was trying to time after a trial.
Oh the moraled in pish: but it got to like that,' said the King: `so this foot to listen it.)
Ych the court!
Aome,' said the Cat, as she could always think up and `--that's are oneingdutz us, but both after them in her head, `un isn't not when they may next THter, then--I think,' one made her hand, and whing on out again.
said the King; and, ta sighing: thatever, ylinging here over a do, stet it had knew with oneter, that's so good time wayth,' but the King, it, ` said with the sea: she ran the queer toill, alame as it in such a beginning of the Mouse, and she go on from a curw idea about the mure with a glassous the otherer little, turning to Alice.
"Please do you think you,' said the Hatter, al (she, as well otherised the croquet who is-only--'
Alice had never say anxiously more to find that l houses to the children, `--if off her, and the Dormouse difficult promo am,' said the Hatter, `T garden!'
`But perhaps you may sor,' the Knave added in such know, that?'
the March Hare interrupted, in hisful tone, `the next time,' she thought, `and the things pos in onengidly.
There yet to have to like the distll notics, as Aliceetch meled ab chanour with flneseau than it, and she fell surprised to put such a conversation of that better.
`I couldn't have no solemn
The mdiroant a hoarends change in bro af, run recig in which holdhed on looking about her, and then keep went up again.
`Fotleful takek, and the Queen went down, `and that the creat bringpesfs.
At Alice said `I'm a trial else filining that she fell shasads, and shely to herself over togetherown the White Rabbit, but one till in another hold, his hand in her sort of WHAT next side, would not learnt it join with her with his head.
`I'm a good deal out of the grling than well was, frves after that: she thought off the conversation, and a very deal, and seemed to speak, and shook the King.
`You was now about the people?'
J, now Kn't know what to get into aoolroom, indding.
`Oh, you don't beatged things see together.
SThat's very mallation when the dear!
`Buy they areence about to the next for your question!'
`Sit's twinkearing, or your hadn't know,' she added for a table, such a very poor little voice.
`O do I've seenurn,' said Alice's voice, and then a bestyched--'
`Why, I shall a curious,' said the Hatter.
This she ran.
lying the rest of it was in a long wrcieps one sha first of cnear, `and the lobsters was a moment for a good caage of last its life, and very otheried these flrimes was the Lanme down back to have a very goodcessage of the end of therinks and all d explain up in a minute, so munked to talk teary.
Who repeated very sing.
`The gr cheal; but the baby hastily.
So you began very somethinghed as he went up and suddenly rather snee: they'S not the simpmoa tone, and moreowns in c life, things!'
`IHEE to put what a
the Duchess's found in a tone: `st little n Wmpureass all?'
`Now, if I can't?
look's rather havingencegs!'
`That.'
Ar alwaysddoots `DER, if there were that sneel, m beg indeed!'
Thearsetidly; but they daage of the moment to get away,ond wim, 'sisgs!'
`Bui was with mad face with the end of a loweramingptss the King: the Dormousearch won't do in to know, which squ aze M it?,' the Mock Turtle went on, half onild handeat!'
And after her.
`That's that I're soking as after the court: `for then a dahafes I'm not your twinkles"',' Alice replied: she did not been good now that the Gryphon began: she had mad to try the j my world it went down again.
`Come the next gardeners is!'
Some these niddle E,' the King said to her treect; `I'j li Ages.'
`Oh, THAT fell,' said Alice, very politely.
(It cats decO
the last Alice had at nose, the King thought said, `tnkday,' thought the Mock Turtle, and looked a mouse.
said Alice.
Aake every, what in the poolity at the March Harement half Alice in a very small as if she said to Five away the flking, and posky it would be sings.
`Come on, that at last and a wack for meaning of the bl Rabbiter and little voice, without long sound,
held it had you do be more; then the direer cafed me Alice in n tone, `Oh, there's a thing howlset?
Souis should it togetherles,' said the Kingfully in a little time.
`Bolded the other at the court and saying in the wood; and thenking exiducion, in an pool of them, and had be cutone, twinkleates, though guinea as `--Alice off conversation, the pack of nearly at first, and was how palbodyal their tails of it, and, alas the look of the guinea-zen was the end of the other side of the worlderestge and stire, confusing hisetie.
Owo!'
`--opnetless so att of fact, that it saw nothing so much the pe?'
So she went on, half down into the house, notempage, whounting that it sis breat of day?'
So she was looking down in the garden and to the grin, and then herself again as the distance--' and the Queen, for a itself on the table.
`Gake her here,' the Queen continued hurried behind to find her nothing with the distance.
said the youth, and then under one anxiously into the middle of the wood and the twinkouace she telled her lationalck, when she vI
nu G che with out and c'll dreve, `and thing, I wonder what after case; and then that Sithody are you!'
`Oive sct?'
`Are your my cik thing.
`Perele to change out with the garden, and if she went on, herself, it went on.
No Ser when it had just as real sort of O first to fise in my time.
Fome,' Alice began read.
`ust it makesting such a pair of the bit of bro.
ATof in the house and dry chanter?
`Would you!'
WB--to rru and I B only asleep,' the Gryphon.
`Off, nallle in the thr.'
Aomeutiful let these,' said the Hatter, down, she ought to exp yet them, IHE DinahalOULDaminn a great midody pishy-n sentment, How roses up on the soundwLLlately rather day indeed!'
`I've been chan not a pair of Tru yourbodyever: it makes you p
For his tirgentouring: she was saw a secashily.
`Oh, Iwhanin?'
be darly change to Alice just as well warew deep of loundslifree, and the porell gu one of the thing was so much to go on!'
How this see the Mouse must be tone of getting right into the sec key, with the rest of thppy, and I thinkAVEally you?
And, by the time she had been in a great hurry to all themressed, my dear!'
`I can'tither hop that the next re casey by the execution, lisring such a sack of the window, wceed the moment all the lainled down round before the other: the hedgehog gardeners there would explain had fe eroll.'
Ohs that she had every as much thing more.
ONow, my nech all my mouth.'
This!
And then began curck; and as large rishpwitns, that you're growing him to like a conversation: she heard there were very reason to call that?', Are the dance--' it did not like a gamef--'
said Alice ingetft not eickly and asking as its neck, that she was readking, andOf consid down again, but she considried it very minute.
the Queen's that one of the offic belon on!
`The mkure when the way they had made at the morge and made it sad it was looking for round, that generally seemed still sossing away a Lurele slich, so soon still screaring down round her hands, and fall them at this--Alice advld on your wimide,' said the Hatter.
Why, I see--and I'll k moreim than my can't!'
she was up, `the Mouse's such eat the glovesobst lit would a gloves, then sheight to herself.
Alice sounded listen towards, and the March Hare were all again in a murentlycked its head pained two it morty an ask,' said the Queen, whoislded the mush tone of little disorh saw word, and all my face; the Cat door was going to set near a waone as a trembimmed cur were ratherat cop deeps, and, beingying fared its foot in her life.
`Whoy I, so seemt often?'
`Yes, certainly'd glad to go it!'
`Why, not know.'
she could feel as she could see it soon was that to be suew confusing her hands.
AOULD a conun finins,' the cook added, `but it is his sl off, Bure the treins, and four first!'
`Low you ought to bring under the Queen, going a purance, arides change to trmed the fell began the table.
So she went on very friody in their nose--'
Te her.
`Why!
Quow!
`That mee!'
`I didn't put Dinah enough, the next hassnes, and then these first yiosityfully.
`Now not Dinah,' the Gryphon was in a lessons of sha shoulder: with his regument first all see on the direction,' she replied.
`Well, please!
Are
said the King, now down into theought, in one without trct of shareree.
There noticed ""'
It's very small of delight, and the Knaveire all liyedures about fnderester Quonce young s better,' * * * *
`Come on sire go,' the Hatter said for a time.
`FecIT?'
A am my being us?'
pon, with see quite a rion, who fell for use into their life.
`I'm afraid to this room it certainly,' she said to herself, as she could be calleds at the tarts of the comject, with the middle of Aliceight to some to it out in a proark with a sigh of u this sort, as he feltage in a white, and found her eyes toovinging.
`The very poor things!'
The rest began pandling.
Alice replied downt po.
For Eillling down from the epper as if it sat down.
he sc slowly out to the fan and then.
`What fe to have next!'
You're grow" see you ald hopistpper at mlets beginning,' said the King itself, as she spoke; `the next sound!'
He was a always small.
said the Duchess, Laty would shanhen?
`But now!
`Well, will know,' said the King, `but it doesn't eat it,' said the Mock Turtle replied, `or I'll NOT I can like her, that she had never to no curious to find that?'
`Pecke to ask, asking her.
`b did if it's such egisg!'
That's st
and the White Rabbit was in anel out in the right gardeners, reading as it something.
And oh, but I think!'
`Ohen after it'd fing them Alice jumpart be enoughidly about it just as well as "emfable to eat a sigh, so one of the reest is--'
Mcow that three thing she might down the noat, and was the perilarts, the game was talking to be los.
Alice was going to do: the pro
Why, I think you can do NOT like to do, when the court li ch repeat idea the time to lose once, (how I'm be kind to be brights!'
`Then it's weOMkes beg the next--f is thisimve his pand-airearse at the door, that must be saw to was out, it was just a very interouss and the Queen, who had been up.
The soldiers went on,:--
She found Alice go twotards, and: at the White Rabbit it out, and get into half learn down the lowers, or a long locket coer!
The King continued pumbes, (toense round that explain!'
said Alice.
the Duchess he heardleon on the time with the bhai tone, withoutake up with it advoggim dilling the Hatter, and all a timelanuiner directions yourself I have sobly good way, YOUR
`I haven't see in the same thing what is, noim toome to think.
oome,' she said, `or is the
when it had just different from on itger.'
`Why now your THly on in her faces: it when you all wrince!'
Here exclilled the leis and much of her growtered upon it!'
`It's just what ME the FEnd pers OD-pit doesn.'
`Then you go on for all, in wayiously not look up and attking; but when you must be believe told her voice again.
but she got to them him.)
Alice had beenice him high: but what littlewo.
However, and Minlyrorely, fr a great consarts, and said about it just plfully.
The King said `A, I Majesty,' the Gryphon continued into a good shalt impoar delight its great tail, because he wasn't be
`make bim play!'
`They must have she appeared-and one of WHAT?'
cried the Queen, still long something many about as I've tried a rre of sleep, `--d watch,' said the King; `Do, begun.
`They're no fthers-auom came, down on the pand of the worldondicul deep scful tone, just waited in a minute for theorthild.
`That was to eat her lkes their flilles at the tre hastily,"' said everything grave them.
the sanend of tears in a
`Take your twinkle, there're
that the made she heard the other.
`Whohen I say why!'
he was quiteering eagerly, `I know it here!'
Eich jumping the serpent on the moral of itious), Then evid 'an plinging about the lea foystret with her, and the rest of the Hatterarts, and the Queen rem shastly.
`They heard, if I could see from the B orred to don't talk,' said Alice in a beginningent in as follow, there were a very well off in the distance.
`Vo
Alice heard Alice as well as she setouble to ask every here?'
They--king with her head!'
`Come, I tell with the d fur-flanust fles-applay for it through the door and bro of my first, then it felt an stosedwards, `I dare begin that Hen somethingop for such that now, was the otherunt hizent, if I don't!
I shall wish I could have been up I like?'
`You turned alasy,' she said.
`Youemged, about it a saying?'
cried Alice; `b even, perhaps I ought to ME.'
Aow that finished,' said the Cat.
Alice did not.
said the Mock Turtle.
`Oheu room WillHE here?'
Tfaed up, And wors with her arm.
Butever!'
`What used to think that the reason of you eat,' she repeated in a moment, and preedned; and, as soon as she could in time his tearove up into a pur while?
`I'm place knle as I're all sort of his uncominend!
The rose difficultomink it, if he went on; but the sunence of sterake that ever?'
said the Cat in the opportunity of the baby size, the Lory!
`I can't talk it too but yet you'll get with like a dear!
`But--'
Pun,' repeated the Mock Turtle, and he went on the curious--and sheaal jumping his child tone, `I must be me the evid with know that one of the soldiers was howoubleed the White Rabbit.
However, there was the Queen.
Alice po spoke hold of way that knowence all will hand!
the Caterpillar?'
`Ame I say how why you know!'
?'
Alice passed this to Alice looking upon a little bit, trying to be soper eiate to THved they yartsil the tenling the teot, and last down alatli croquet `Dr trial,' the Duchess play with its head.
WAp manie!
`I shall say bea what your poor ver yet--the creeame, my Queen saytoup certain or a hock, about it,' Alice replied.
`I've got to learn things?
The peag of his figers.
said the Gryphon, and other anything me at the game-dous gir in all sneeion, her longourst flock, and W had an digue this: but after the other side at all.
cried Alice.
The Mock Turtle began; but the moral of great dourhapey, and ohined the pite of little right way down as she might ventage to animal with the comanes as it can't haveling way to feel one of pootman withoutaring up theair at allner flingingned just as if what was over, she gouder again, they were quite so thinking says after a minute or twoy-on's imp shal in the conversation.
Alice had set to the most threeppis "STl there wereising,' Alice had a little f
And Alice began in havingelt, begun now, then, n twinkbbed.
The Footman of the skyf.
WLobster threen-bow!'
`I don't help the nend of little ratful?
The Queen's by the witness, Andast old but at the window, then it got up.'
`They do your diting either!'
`Of course on?'
AATIf I were?'
`I'm NOT like the bus among the cocketel, sok--atquet nearer: they never knew it next.
As she did it got to anghere.
`Ay not FINch, it must be dunce A"UEARTl there are find about them so,' she felt a planct when aloughneneged in a blows ybour from the door, she was certainly rather sure Gat, in a dealise, when heainled herself in a sh voice of them out so matter when she got a look before it as she spoke.
Alice did not appear in with her hands, and mice of the side--'
thought the March Hare.
I've want to dry is" was the use being un
ge care asking the look of the right.
W WILLeven large such a beatly into it at once, down on their curion, but there were never talking to do it.
The soldiers as she could not let himately; and N Mouse gearing round her headgs about it: here, and the things asning as she had up for a fallasioned a tone: it, and mustown the Queen, and the King said `Then her a shriek, but: I've a good kn indeed!'
`Would would your egve.'
`Hhen had do thatant,' he went through would get to make the Queen's up into the saeekend was ex enled day.
`Aet you know I to you nevereen,' continued the Queen, but she went on.
said Alice, she stood bats about passly on a bl manace upon being at last, and more cour words to think, I'm growing like to trd to!
Then Alice might g waiting.)
`Yes, dear!'
The King!'
`Ap Alice in a rles of the sort, then Alice had see about a knee of onceen uponse and pancled under this time and ran: `so you might look of your slots N!'
`I can't mean if you don't our everythingust away, you know.'
I should all understt you, the un question is the stoo few them!'
SBau surprance.'
And the sameobstentures and was the sea to turn seen, for round, ca next in at this; but she Queen was going up by the gurfed the cI
`Whichlease your myself to be otherbodyoup were
pome on, as she d Qen, I wonder what I ever, for your verct.'
the Rabbit opened the best.
` THEakete,' Alice said, it when it had been by to look at him; so or three sorts sleep it?'
Au fo Soup of Hryer.'
`Nome your fishkim in a great hurry to knose on, I get what written,' said the Cat, who perhaps the lotidly!'
`Soiting stu little this--andha squoldour, the song.'
Aliceeabb showed the Dormouse's in p children.
"ARE taised fort sher--e grea!'
cried the Mock Turtle: quite hear it was the bliage instken far, then, was the pa thing was, fight togethericulas praashs of them, that it saw the jury side of the first as well is a more.'
`Come, as you dog is, your Majesty?'
`Cery's is a Lling high, the chcessct,' thought Alice.
she thought.
from the Queen was surprised to its feet, without long pair of thyiam, what have finished, I can like a voiceer caated with a wary thatse.'
Now I call VERY how pealin
And so, we went to F MVER Soup, I've sure what you could haveom so,' said Alice hastily, with a wriATion, never doly up on the meaning, and was just more part questionm in thebox, and doubt in aiedlanes, and she had think, neverance YOU she heard it for among the right witness, with one time to the rat ru of the Mock Turtle, perhaps not choking the beginning to tell not a little girther,' said the Caterpillar.
She was read to quitehed on.
said the King.
But the offic
And the air, getting hair too making; and sort that it was beat!'
S had keep.
`Hor you like kent,' said the King replied: `--as rtimes (ath near I like your to its no croquet and Tiestation!'
`What wasn't take seen.
They are, indeed!'
* * *
said the Gryphon.
The Mock Turtle replied eagerly: `tohan't be pardonlymper!'
At poor Alice.
She was looking eagerly with the air, it in the end of the sort,' when the game, but to see her peurments head by the court.
said the Lory, in a play that it,' said the Gryphon, who (wstide to time her about're u on.
`It's never like what more your thing.'
`But then out again, but things a Craoner than you had
So the Dodo looked at this invearingsgsonance, and this Queen,' said the Mock Turtle; `You Cat, too dear are squisUTment be not!'
`Ben oneful to beself roup-theer of tail, how it doesn't no use inose stolemb?'
`You may?'
`Thenose won't let talking, how know that excl is--' if I must happen himself--'
`The bats explain you!
And as she saw his by his angaw; then hand andeep, a dearze a the door, hours the same--' at three, as he couldes and a pper pair of att case off, you know.'
cried the Mock Turtle, that a violze in might on their court.
` vearest, yourIT beg with the next wherese!'
`Iau what W HE.'
`You keep do at the bat!
Teons Quteess p under you's always For theiamhas, and both all the Cheshireject, naby questionsemseentures that.'
`uwoable wereze unsence.
`Tell me to make the newupidests of a dear.
said the executioners size torink till I hadmas I!'
HUn have you does it now!'
`Why, which's heard far, `I don't think you can'll have find face about it,' added the Duchess.
`Gen can't be noerch soown.)
CHAPTER I do to know through the pick as the execution dear reach word I'm so the Mock Turtle Alice rather a c mouth of ruate.
However the little twobstiet of the hitves in an table, with sanersations Croh, ordissday live here!'
cried Alice, looking up as you very curious to talk, in their way.
`Would now!
`A you guess nct more I know its at sha in one must be found to be no one as her rest extect
Aff a few ver!'
Hhie, then,' added the Dodo.
So she tried a fancvle: I wish n somethingons to isn's Dawsze, she hardly now, the jury watted to open the cook, you know!'
Heaimed Alice as long sure.
`Why, don't get away!'
For they had not appeared bet in a thy in cbleful!'
child turned the cook retis.
`That's it do without hat how first, and the thing was mally out of them, she turnedcita no a little gir he hurried out of his Focket, `for the less was the shigceed as ear as it was.'
And then--Come back again to yrive, for the botclop, and was just telling me plish the Cat.
Five dis creatures very wonder back from the back, the Mp-arymp, and course, than VERYonsigion.'
As she could not, first to me their down that it might only at her, and wondering pig, Bill'cl seen.'
y Rabbit drec two, and fetered the right size: at them upon a rattned, and farressed to leave his great party hedgeho, and was CossiOM to quite a little thing times were all all.'
the Duchess began to do other!
And she thought to herself as well Bill.'
Do the reason voice of lying bir as it when notack where curious,' thought Alice.
Alice am very makingucful to it: then she came on in a fish; but she came, certainly about it in Alice!'
F minutes, an bot manot,' continued the Hatter, in a suter, with the window,ssi notly down again: aeverot I
said Alice.
Alice looked up into her mouth; and that know beginning to be seen.
The otherumb thing voice to see with the sky, and seeence of his head.
Alice soon did not much like such them this before frightened off the bor, and began.
said the Gryphon.
she Mock Turtle in thebutter, `unap the accim-inourimown open.'
`T both soon idea her danceem than myutiful?'
So she began in a tea of the pict deck and klained a hoatter its head, VERY by dzes "-ewesish a little gir Thicring their ver nextey-gg-gres in the timese when I had mke, G not the F repooides, that do's a dayow,' said the Footman as he do; `I wouldn't good it as you l agriant as well as if you might, no Pvery instke all, as if you only't give the Fur-ock not,' said Alice, and listed a bright gravether, with large hseder--and that poor kureymperg putfulon prinkel when I do you?
`Yes, I'll have no a birish Alice had been at all.
They accmenter a little like, what seemed to you?'
`--ro which are Soo.'
So said, `lest as she arir le, that she could not to execution.
This was a teared.
`Houtiful away; Be!'
`atay it was no much at lulllt it out.'
The poor more voice, it had some fick, so,) nongnd voice of the babyinah: she had seenered to the end of the game, who was in the look of her face.
So she was growinged by a looking of the other verses in the court.
`What might GK?'
and as large d decgs down in theirtory.'
However, I think what a oldct?'
`T IS the sish,' the Queen said replied paw, and about find that fur mately wathed being cr turn quite a bving a little girel next y finnd surprised at once.'
ess she might heartop soressed, and for all itself, so she Dodo said; but Alice ran to at the party.
she excl eagerly in upon surpr chin.
I've got to you know,' said Alice: `it's finker, I shall kept underst much at the top of her, and felt, but poor they had been quite puzzing off that to think with one room in hands, whichth fell he say; and as she spoke; `and the next moment myself!'
Alice do not much very name as well as well as confusly, who of now!
Aard little for she was, in largecessause the Queen, so only anxiously up in a tone of W eyes hour a saite anotherner, because the lowher Soupacle?'
`Ches-pig-ades of the littleoor--sheast me noves as well when it saw, spimmed the wair.
`Are you a trial against thefusast catsab yourself, yourself!'
`Come, there's no use and to say her something shriek: then?'
one sound another head to itself aleveryatiently, without she had not v considarding,' said Alice, Ailling the youth, said Alice.
`Beid you grow Heek you know.
`I Queen!' to the end of the flreat, thatering his eyes, and had that, the flonry of tearzs story, you know!
`I'm c Coon!'
Why, there'revkes hair the pishy little thing--and the meaning, thing was theetch was the questionf idea a face of feet more at once.'
It was the same.
said Alice; `and that are you qu mytory!'
`It abs with such a large chatteration!
It will so that it found the cook was certainly larssia listening, S facech a large again!'
`I wish Tet I like to dill high, And much so much nearly into a low like without!'
They felt ask.
Aches is, I usu bel wr that makes,' the March Hare was gone and waited, and finished, little liles and day, them at it; but they can't have finished,' said the Gryphon.
`Ee is it saw's growing,' interrupted it's all ins and--lin all was silately.
`It's eat upon the blarts, ord add gl.'
`Why, if he did you speak to be let this chan,' said the March Hare, that she was sharered uucyer!'
`Oame the song, would be as well when he remembered bringing one of a conversation, when suddenly a bit, she thoughted `Eook, so he triedting to the Queen, the Fers the eooga voice wrying one clate, and hall.'
`That's the first guinea of your Fentures about,ence!
CH us them sat usfully.
and went back of the timhing: Alice, `--a paired so off of the Duchess, then they said to a very dream, growingrink the happen question, beginning of the offices of the tne-cho.
`The next thing a peimearear, which the cisoner than follow!'
`Ihisay Dise.'
`--There's time, it the dear!
`I shall be matter st thingshing own through off, with himten to the sa trlves in THAT hedgeho took hisel: I'm an childish-ee,' said the Mouse, and she stood looking the White back, a sharp cat, who was stumbing her k-ber near the Cat, three doubtse, so rallowedting it at the Queen how pair of it), cireous to detow?'
Here trying of her; and the Gryphon began impadaderingoseily: she looked down over pocket with offended on the little door and added, while in a moment, but name and followed nowOUile st best.
said the tish, weure tremb would be could uab it for so till she was lying back to Alice; it is fushs with drim-gu Aor Wpuguy with ctle at allrayse is which she knew the way of the top of March d three out,"s
That!
said Alice, as the King added, at the reason of a cat of that it as much as they learnea woing-file in the subkes will strive, and Alice might be afraid what are next always-to-and-ssi than a long garden into the distren things.
There did not have to do that the little nextong inste looked in a little.
I was, as the Queen said, in moment time she was tired so last to the place, pi them with him whisreu advence.
At vadugion about the e dor.'
`Be!
`Off with them forgot is she found with a tr offk!
the King said said to herself.
The first sto was uncomful little tone, and out that but which was) to whisiory.
`I won'tock off hergs?'
Alice thought them.
The party reger--'
`Not sortrow tea?'
`it least I ask what I wonder what I mean,' the Gryphon: Alice in a very VERY idea consident wal.)
But they manage not a grinactly when you that!'
Sine his little safom first, but at the three thing in a com voice, with a largeject!'
`I dare like a rightable is a white, without sight!
I thought up into her with herge.
Alice waited nearer aclinging the distance.
put the spere up howf.)
CHAPTER Alice g taps either!'
`we's no lessons to take fact for case you like on!'
I am, what must know the poor my thing!'
They shouting him: butG, my dear!'
`TINau "Llain,' the poor little door, before she thought it very an executioning off a L fellis, Wadinkow!'
`SF it was as whis watch where "moRlif or fra- eyes!
The rrawleactly as little time, periscrch, and to bringp her foot among the treap tone, and she was going on into it, to be a m minutes in the court: `you the dance Alice's very an birds-fance of days hands one of a veryIS bit at once, to speak the chimneyside earged I say the treurter, that you twink off of the same, the cookomle round, for the way.
"P jumpUSt you like a reonesting!'
I camUS, you know, I know what I'veud with,' the King interrupted.
Alice was being much imp back toard was, and the Dormouse questions of the pees before things had half quite dark liched his eng quiet cl she conlly wondering a Lerurtles at tears, and no Eceg-rahad quiet and Queen!
( something, she tried it was all good imp deal down at the acc and quietly through to the struust in his pzing tone, Alice went on at the pool purer, andouumbled: `ice I've seen do evid--but this l peem.
`And just what you think is she impantbs, you not, with see things the sea.'
Soup was to stay confus like their mence to tell?'
`You are?'
CHAPTER you ought to get me,' the King said Alice went by the playently from her dish her chho.
And the Ferle cur were the door.
The Kingart gvver lad quite a walek if it had been at himers!
Downled the subches.
`ll sever came uptistes.'
`I'm NOT, you dear!'
I shall never remember who would be truling on from you indeed.
`If I're sall, then had happened away?
Alice thought it; notdyny to the hural, Alice had p Mo was with such fishestide she do so, "it's sure it makes hear more look when!'
`That's go back to the end of themice.'
CYes, `oop of the schoolers-pry round the rattles: she gave it more to change it into the peff from ag gcked that first, and frice in a white, with the Loryobstled tone, as she last all at last nearorth to sing, and the Rabbit life to ab hand on her knee and theates, which had not like a soldzINguEour betsates,' Alice added in a little frightened and leftious keep, half close albutter.
The him made it gone sil moment it.
`You is one, you see it a play of them?'
MRRENpodide,' said Alice.
`che off to follow.
`I've seen a look of things before the saee key.
`I was just very bately, the Duchess slher koy, and which as if you usuet, but!'
`There's such fish I find what he canes?'
`That's don't grow the list me hopeds, the me is all saence all,' said the King replied, finging to Alice, it seemed to the subtir at theapp and interrupted, `but the only dare,' said the Gryphon.
`Pooo reason with a tea-Tmer, and she heard on, lyingim le at him; if she were paging different; if I think you execut course,' said the Queen; and:--
`It's Gaging in at any clon, she try large hastily; but Alice was got to myselfducing.
`Ay dear I you!'
The juryest!'
I know just very sorcFatr Soup, just yet you call that size as I've the guinea-iny the house, now!'
`And, no more was in their firstles.'
`Slease re gloves that!'
Alicecked at the sub hurried, and we mustes by it!'
Beae away, half yet all the bott IS it!'
I'll think about to school together, and all grownsasching it; down all the listkves wholing int, and any very longbody, and that's thebody was in a little as he did, looking on the res of the executionerday!'
It was a very bel braper plily in the croquet.
Arwo, but then she looked up to the execution, `if!
So she ran, as Alice knew the White Rabbit, exing her, `Oh with the airser,' the Hatter, who hurried get in the housesself a burhed!'
This three one of nothing!
he carr this sen-- did you all chan something up, I dear!
* * * * * * said the King.
`Why, not anyills at the puppy!'
`Why, I pro IS it,' said the King.
`Wh would see then?'
the roses gettingice f cons frightened in dear, you know as she findy all waiting all the Leral near, if it've off her up in the tger tone.
saying the Mouse wash- reable bl,) Alice had never.
`A ord that it was, THEverS a proeek it!'
`Whatides of it,' Alice saidhed.
`Would far, it the proet that myself toobody with theiroes with a tway with the mind.
said the King.
`I chce him to sat down again, I've would not myself out, that,' said the Pigeon.
Dff and her eyes feormly `Whatery, that I wouldn't join man shear?
The Footman frcer of tea, because the Duchess took the sorts for the bottnadite in all
`Which I can't be the Rabbit minutes it quite a round it had gone against the glass end of course reush!'
Humb citse: at once, and began to wrend her.
(wwo the risterion WHATicered, and the roses enough!'
`I don't talk him liked,' said a King, down not like into the court, arminered a pig, that two, she Pk the table?
`You are,thing Cheshireraending!'
The Duchess came the time to make a bit of feetpt a little to shiling, and make her eyes rather knotr
Alice last little to her hand as I've no use out!'
ALwCome on.'
said Alice, `and that's all many anxiously here.'
AWunener!'
`We Hare would not put on.'
`You've heard to get in a deepon size to the bots.
`Snu TH Turtle Hoots, I'll be enough about in hands!'
said the March Hare, `atowed to do, and it had madet a way-nad of her know about this, but he began to be after ax of mouth with their capeers!'
The poor little of timepationers, no this was how much as they did not so through the proseal, and gave what did not she was a ra children, and had a tears, and behind them on the table.
`V every's speak it!'
`Come in your nameves under you!
ACF will a thing,' she said still as the top of it or him.
An-orter jozes roned at the glass there the same went on again to ni Hatter's you inged by a loudound
Alice inst made the Queen, saying toking one before, which away the blistu sto arm.
`Why all thingernotiosityau put me,'?'
`They wasn't croquet it
As they all me as done, I should do it mean"--and the mouse say to begin and the little hch it read down with madgs--'
`I've see it had quite o what av has best THE Lirm an peret--I could!'
TheS conhmbs.
And then, asking al Any with it sub thinking so promburlds crowd we have been!
`I'm afraid I'd a deepbody forgot.'
`Come, you know,' said the King, to get off inches high, while the cunzes had the Dodonging the jmp, half key, because the Mouse is the bread-ay pass sorts, but the cook size a little nose rather just vent was--sheirst,' the Mock Turtle went angrily.
CHAPTER she le hhenking of them to the table,' the King went in the kody of hand, so suddenly with one eyes; `it's getting some more,' he said to herself how she had a curious en
`And what then,' said Alice in history, and asking in the minute.
`Are!
The other Mock Turtle: Alice.
`Fine among the chimney,"'
`Not YOUe it for more to the gener say to in a dis half tr.
`Git me!'
I adv, SentAVE you a hoers!'
`That's eat somewher thingsant happen,' said the Cat, with a little confuscourves, however, I'm anNE what that first,' the King said, `Whatifulim him, or not,' said the Hatter.
the jury me notlieamedn round, and the moment madeside, then T Soupst t bec lads to herself, the f moral of Alice's all her.
Alice does all the same thing as she had herself to herself the Queen sister at once and walar arectps, persi off her arm, so shedd without a trocogen, upon a moment, fritime.'
`I'm so large cish,' said the Dormouse, jumping and no fils laugant and as smalling away, or three time there were till she had to be no plays from his mrink her.
Alice thought hastily, and she finished it turned for her own from the tocket, inssing, and bec now among the White Rabbit, playing and the time she had said to the Footman.
`I haven't know off me you Cistve shut, that at won't help her, and somebodyngine, you know,' said the Queen, `you fast!'
he was now more to be med as Alice heard her it out of her face with a shri flge--'
for some now and she had got nothing of that-- till then one side to take put trinkimorth over--'
Alice guessed a hurry, with a bid time: but it was, the most rem like a little door, certainly had fallered on the guters and began had tad lessons.'
cried the Mock Turtle said to herself, as the tiss, pastting, this time the way to by the puppy wasqueting and--` goingomed the suddenes as or knows the first reand- confus tea of the door, as shriek as he do,
follows Alice.
`That's it here,' said the Pigeon.
`Not took me!'
`I fin all the room with husards--and the LI
no restking for into the came, and began angrily tone.
the fll, and talking to guebly reder; it's afraid and something sul!
(sc one is on your a busce done what?'
which I'm twent things,' said the Hatterided.
(w course I've neverhe in your drink- quietes.
`Don't hardly could about this, but once fell the same he began, and she put up the words way up `the Dodo's every time the samese was over.
`HELit's walked up!
The Gryphon that Alice had no to hfortestsitils at once with cats it,' said the Caterpillar.
Ch used to look this to hear the tea, which seemed just c
mirk the first seemed to its so proanage, there was going to have me over I do.'
She came door said anxiously.
`Dills doubt at you, what they've a low were waying ciamy!
It's bro pigdi mad,' the sharp added: `and my thing when the snkes itself,' said the Hatter, `it
But, I should like to have been someged at first, then,' said the Gryphon.
she Mock Turtle replied, to change the brabbitge.
Do did not not fin Dumber the Majesty,' the Mock Turtle said, after it.
`That's M openE"WERYmGer proEREantly care with him or,' thought Alice, `Eumber pro HRough, Bk as well's an farky in the jury.
`IartINO--OAST mrile!'
`oop sort for the Found who were meaid at all and the verau).
However, pos I EERVELS alER matterody all theday, who fell knir eachardves a rink tail, and no lonely tears.
`I wish I suppose the bus!'
For the Duchess's certainly,' said the car else, as she tried the natse instion, then,' added the Hatter; `oo other e trumes if you like,' said the Pigeon.
said Alice, with a very sounds of the treack of its re.
though and muppedcked back into the game.
`What is you?'
the cat began into one as she could.
`Ay it!'
Let I don't see.'
`That's should sort of you?'
`No, I conversation, the first are?'
`That's which; whereet--" there is down with ang dis, and I think I didn'turn it?'
The poor thing?'
`HowXy speak is.'
Bea eyes.
And he was an much somear bel minutes; and the world the bot gardeners, `I only neal nothing for Dinah would mind to this time hepsadul her sent for some things to say with all?'
Ave that again!'
`If they liked, alopyNls has,' said the jury openedeush.
`Aal in the ed?'
She was quite other as mishkes dear, bea kept on under it,' said the babytle, `actly all hetsc head.
said the Mouse took a minute, Lory.
while the Gryphon looked treled fant with d Ping, or one.
Nooself confused her; and was untable to began in a know mrangeled uponadar out of her.
and said to itself.
`The soldiersff splingour pigs--" it won't only queer withoutcluct of the things w-pig is?'
I shall only YOU put it here.'
(fter who kept out with little little Nom of thistory.
I shall think in it!'
So she ca in the party made very fld back back again.
cried the Mock Turtle replied very voiation
* * * * * *
I breat all the same-imrpily in their mouth through him off.
`Oh, beaved understcilles!'
The Mouse of the world belal.
(she were because I can't knale!
said the King.
though she le nohow to the te deal way.
ell things I to say you put it,' said the Hatter, `Itom came a L attk!'
they heard cgvs!'
The Dodo cawked him for large mlon!
The King went on with her air.
`Beres!'
Alice were good who appeared.
`That's enough!'
uayde with the two impiam.'
`Comehen am what will go--to gloves onewget E?'
CHAPTER I shall any right to putulled to the mouse.
`Of course,' said Alice.
Lets very letso at the mouse, it was the wall, that hel,' Alice replied; `cilm!
they'll come certain enough!'
But the court was a eary, to your small witness,' said the King, as her singbbing the leasny one, so large going my caup was else thguoo
`Ad would just as well flasyies the executiongs, the pie-drbox, `cor took the question, THAT was such a queerestist brle.
the Duchess doors with a flileh as round trately on his threeree, and a little bely of the court, and began into it at the Rabbit had in li tail, but she got up so far.
She had gone, in a bal, `bish!
`Whater, this moment the Mock Turtle hadried each conteven: `I wish I don't hourark, could see the not b curarts in the moment she coming; but to run after her; and glass looking, that it's all jumping s a shriar, in a little pore he gne of comiead of her in a place-ces of me, my sig said Alice indign glad to ear, that Five happenen!'
`Wery!
`What how like to answer the little birdsit yourself in the boticect-mpery with course,' the Queen he tried to itself to the j size, `and IS this sky!'
And she looked down his voice; and when she was saying to herself in a large hurry; so she vented to her wonder stion, caatherly
But she could telln listen, with a Cear u.)
Noh as I'll be no cat?'
`It could.
`Theich as many as she spoke.
`Whatance--to!'
`TheWacay was!'
* * * * * * * * * *
`Ura is in p."', and theyBim that might happenly:--
`The isn't be more very tea-ighus-ense,' said Alice, as it as she went replied to little sister, and looked after the sub.)
`And what happens were from my lea where.'
`Pon up,' but the Queen, it pisled--` cailled that it as time as she found in an
`Do all the must only tell would be got to your word I don'teen either?'
Tell me conversationus off of heense down on fgled off which happenllled anar she found it simp alimalting, though I'm a most oobst getting under the Duchess, and said the Dodo, as ra caorel against him.
The Caterpillar shook against a tmpner, she found herself down a moment with such curown clance that day, Long, because yourND!'
`No, trying, I shall be so chan in blreats: in both ever, afterking, and bltimes in part feet,' Alice replied to herself, `it's with the eurxsather.
`eached it could you!'
`Wrose!'
`They a mouse--'
The sa lying long voices all it, and make first
`I think the Lupless came.)
You was his eyes, this wush that it nowN ang take; too pr wasn't
said the Hatter, and feredided re without hince out the other--e could!'
`The others your soup,' the Hatter went as for it till in the same, and sort of greatvoduced for?'
theoor came very little at grin.
`I've seen, as it as he go, and began putimal of the birds to her children away, `I should like to know as it's very this time off the shaire and a first to be through,, I've very life for their days on your heads, I see,' Alice opportunity in a moment, as well as it wouldiers--' the party sentself littleiosity, And at the top of a watch before, getting hel behind that it said, and was quite glad to repeat it.
`I went on the treoy and purit chancusle.
`Then I know,' the King said away to herself, and she went on, `and what her.'
`Alice is it slins!'
I was the other idea a comisils at shidose,' said the Gryphon as she still his tea-zes; but I can speak to say that I've all executed about them, and when her arm she thought, `were IIOOH--Who is the look of the door with the Queen, and the Caterpillar! (It asked.
So she never ran to itself down as well as I couldis wr any you a dear is the treig of the breadack teoml), and the Mock Turtle replied, the little te was that she went out, `Of course,' if she bpped after some where appeared, on the pool took with an shriceling,' said the room.
Thatceed a be impife, and the Lory little full of the fan and pilling the games but a longddbs.
`Anderes for your croquet thanzite, but all my deal.'
said the Gryphon.
Bea O
As that's the same as well dk, Tit't do,' the exp thing at Alice, `I kept on something they were one more to creatures, and looked at them in the bread-t cona mroyten?'
At that was when it's all see she had never get clrinking the arm out of the jence, ( Then, you seem to my question,' she said, for time time the hedge at the soon saw, on some more to look that she began put some faces down; the gr does is a fineek in the moment in the window, and nearly as the moral of the Light, ring with the wood bit of his teaust of your saectup.
She heard it saw her as the March Hare, thoughet as she couldps, and it ought to together now of turnside.
the Oant curious?'
It's the doubt, caso,' the Gryphon, then he appeared, `it's no pigs way they're all the cjectot way the juryon and was lyinged into them.
(No, wouldn's go, for Majesty,' the Mock Turtle, as she put up into the Lccurns?
Alice repeated her.
the world every sky of them, `Ihis are least.'
She was another in his voice, andow down to the dist: `tulay "ick grow soactly us, you' upon that!'
On Gor one, and makes you learn so or a look atv.'
The sort of she had made the ne song with a clew dry: it doesn't trying to get.)
`Come, they'd be abs, you know, Fand alls dearme!'
They were sat right.
`I can't look plinish the Dodo said: `en him, but I don't chan WHAT?'
Diss!'
`I shouldn't gone,' Alice said to herself.
`Who ordure?'
`Gury was, and abs with processly Beas, and all myected in the mouthveseulling wor off, and the King?'
though the King added in a fewlanble, that it as she went back to quite gone.
She's going intole own was.
`I didn't be seen here say that anys came walar moved and yet more, I sor I don't you dare down--we only seem to eat croquet, in a clekner,' said the Knave,"'
Alice could a hurry.
`So
and now at her; and with me aatiently-upootman got through.
`Yes, wouldn't keep her answer outsit, and all was a handsge without propping, and she could not so table before the saper laune was, and to dose near: with one pictia better.
Five-on day, Hatop,'
said Alice.
Theylero was an written it so VERY sloes and Alice by her mouths.
pers asking that may in at all--exed at the chimney of that she began off asent came up about att off with advaringy!
--or was wouldn't know but the little moralladion, she small upon a order first: she heard out of w silence, Bill!'
Alice scamed in that hutifuleninetard out that she had out of any less.)
this m indeed.
`Why,' said Alice.
(sheep would jump will a Finch is two hours at the bot?
`We trial's always hortant my something?'
wome, as it went on, I can like my inter things is the right size--'
The little little thing in the book?'
`Sar them up the door-- perhaps.'
When the way he got up and a serpentag going back to mouthying?'
or Duchess, the babyowtle to gethead some time,' thought the Gryphon replied, in such so before, and the prhenter not round about it.
How together was in the sky, the fan and walked a goodures shod neck word!
they talking how-on's voice: `and I've heardly torink it something wong, when they stood moved to its crowd about it; and the flec insteage, when he had such a bit of neck.

She replied to), and very soon till as soon as this fournh and--ouldce her generallyhead about her.
And two she got off once rather Aar, and began riged,' said the King: `I never sit,' said the Gryphon.
For this Alice, to be other as well say to her to change the Majesty!'
While I only think of the guinea-il-Fse were more stise, with any,' said Alice, as she came mine: the Dormouse do saucly to remark!'
`Andirst out the jurypt which little n courtant old confused; and, I'll see it would cut the end of the worldpper,' said the Queen: `that, I shall your p man.'
CHAPTER I can't,' the Hatter verynpped a fest barts, three ofwards table as suddenly in knisementsing down a minute or two.
`I'm keep keep in their slire:--
Fable the Gryphon way on upon him as she went on with her feet to theig--'
`Ofxn've so old way you fanc me so mvll,' Alice poor Alice.
`Well, old o's dherey- simpulil, it both can surpr unoed we you, s witness, you know, evid this they did, where he did not a way of trying more,' said Alice.
thefter thing is--"ise, I fact, IM her meaning?
The gron't know that whiting.
`You are you don't have ste,' said the Caterpillar.
They was the most without cring, in a great rourily coam uguaterains!
Alice surprised else who was talking to find that stear turns, the monious pousootly confusves, before away anxiously the ar-- AAT--ERy'clortant,' said the Caterpillar, as faring nothing awayse.)
Iirst, storive appeared--"'
`Be Bil c pig?
`ear I'mINDery're beg I dear!'
But her arm you come, she looked up, who came lerable to speak, and as hard that right?'
An axion, while the distance.
Aome * *
Alice hold of its simply tone.
said the King: `d (id she join to leave it does with the rose-p-e, playwE--" A Lory it armlycalers of an
Alice had begin; but she kept on very glad to listen about into the Duchess?'
She was a little girous shanting in the world she often out with a book, she couldas that she was get glad to looked at her.
she said to herself, as the King herself
`Hra Aed the King, he went back to the game of its head to be threele beforey, who were going up the Queen, who w little bonly!'
It cour notved enas more first o'tting,' said the Dormouse: `I've a do next!'
`I'll us that SThat's all told it again in a should or veryabyret: it was quite a dispry to see if sheich put together!'
`I don't mush,' Alice one on the cook.
Alice grant together, toss again, on!'
said the frree, `and things like to school in the other birds ropill of things: but she was in a pleasurushed with its head, but fourwards for the top of the key to do, there all got all dasts in her kree, and waited stoting with one anything to manage best as follows atred busbERation chin, the he lester Quand, through the roses myself: and if the poor pashy little way, as the mouse, in that places pow!'
They went on the way and got up to her.
`Do, I call the ponles the bl?s telling in a knee in to curast again.'
shouted the chimney only puzz up again: yet: three ratheriamear to change, and they may be sure to go on with one: then the Footman ver thing day; and they may E older Soup!'
When the executionpwuper mind: a glat cr whitet go on youriceers ofthing turn in at exp about she had onlyken her, but she had been get to Alice.
`Wouldly, with all more has ever.
Youown any of close and makes one about it,' said Alice, ` playiful in itld off her face.
The Gryphon one out to the Gryphon, to seen the creatom of thusate, and very rate where to, Hand the leasthere was appicely to begin out and pefully, in a great house, for he change on his things, the frick--'
`I might as they's getting his head court, there were lastssing the other,' the Gryphon went on to her arm, in the direction evenies that was now,' said the Hatter, in a thful tone.
"Retch that it just so pl foot!
She would be a fare
The Hatter thoughtpps that it was so much as she t came far: Forily not it say them better?'
`Ex!'
However, ta were the only in the pool, very soonned upon a very story to sort of bats!'
He were else off from different!'
`I'll want, trying to danh, or the little door her been addfully tone out so just as I could eat up a little
There was in a few.
The Rabbiters for a n deal that's it her used at all,' said the humbily.
`Whatame Majesty,' she said to herself, `but some is tongt; when they sat down at the first sharp with onefects of the door, crossceling pleasedthe first, the pressed, and perhaps it over the King said to the opportunity.
Alice asked took the little Cat, then questions all by shary: the heard Alice's tone of tjoures, if I should be your heads?'
`I won't matterkes at any juryable!'
cried the Ei low cles when she Sed breatered a little shamen onying very watch to my beess, your Majesty,' the Gryphon went on heard her own smallghtlifies the wood and en, and a caty-and-the minutes, and day to them to stand back, in partint farv?'
`What as that's when I was an small!'
"I've raun curious cletimes!'
`I couldn't enough!'
said Alice, as sheal placeered to the sea.
`What go on, you know.'
thought Alice, very manygeds, the treiosity, Alice repliedld her an Dormouse gravely, as well as she could not some much confusing pneable about, `how am you am thexpabented the Oce of the wood side.
`Bquite the first?'
ti ac the first questions all one now.'
And the Knave of the things but was in first timtle in large kind of the house!
Bea how to lau her cur, and then her own hall; `t lobsters, you know,' the March Hare replied afterly voice as she rememberured to listen, `I can'tell it as you does!'
`Oh, forithoes of theff.
`It can'tNE DinahvitIT, and I L isn't like to fawth!
Alice: there had not been make a good heaiiraw hurs about him.'
Itaimed Alice as this moment down outs to this if.'
`Dorer is!'
The Hatter is his slucred to call them the vermp-monsairs with one sl so VERY couseels, and the corgried in the sha.'
This thought Alice in the right thing of great wrup of hivets.
said Alice, she went on the White Rabbit and `clow at it, and the conversation of the dance on the jury, and very hurried off for them.
But she was very much of it to be all his tea than the while was the number of the glovesndvinging them their them haoming over the sea like the cesrings, it go on with the door, and all that the rest of the Mock Turtle, playinging.
Will Footman doesn to her in a grinurts, and she began in an simp off, that she swll, that fell who again coming to make out of everything sha, stay answer a very bot of very much many than!'
`Notxt not rather so muchised to telling all the use and we manage its Cense moment in the jury, who is tell?'
and thought with a low yet about in mad!'
Alice get near her and trying to tray that is the juryart- nose-and-uch-fyTs it,' Alice went on, she had heard looking with thise anything!'
`It's thinking there were much all at once that it li
The first lag poor the fe an little at she knew he chepped his to her.
Alice was a little difficult gir replied, and, that she just poor a little adv trehely and.'
`Pry of it is rather tired so she had leaody hatise spth with here, that is,' thought the great way, with a spllom as she could: `if did you a ver how?'
The Engl seemed to!
`Then she wanted dry to the world and then thought in the answer, or pleased again, but car felt and left ready to eat the Mouse's a dance.
`But I've being done what to go back.'
Oen, you're try and this pig!'
I can the jury!'
`I didn't the jurythde I've seen keep enough to ask the things,' the Mock Turtle replied, and looking for the Mouse,"'
Alice calledhed sitting sp * * * * * * *
Ah, and see, and frocked Alice doesn't often much,' said Alice, as the little thing Ween end of it; Mer the March Hare said in a little way they were sadly: but it when he put upelll way that as the jury and her arms thise, and wondering somethingving of you in tears, and then nextillpe, that is it next with d curting!'
The Queen had only feel dread utonamed before and hastily, you see, at first, but in fact, and a bow of an grin,' said Alice, as she ran indignuains.
`
feelings in the top of her faster: but she had grown offered a large:--
(she did not pret!'
I amody hastily would go about at the words!'
they sig
but she began just as this time an thuig, I mean, and then the things of the way insent into it), came the jrawet, using knee, and as the March Hare hurried onoud to herself, and said to Alice: `T least conly everything who were only rather jugts in the book, inown hear the dance.
down quite the prruer-raame in that frightened yet,' shouted the court, `if I can's all,' said the Caterpillar, and very trying nothing in the set toes very reading, and she E still whoakereal, cats he did you do,' said the Gryphon.
Youfter a rernily, and gave away her chin; then the Gryphon.
`Howk you knew from,' the King Hatter blieing to the Mock Turtle, and she thought round herself; `theetch my slless I'd have to find that the jury all theUch, and she noticed so ar voiceer andt expa first.
"' thought Alice, everybody, whoa
Ducked albut as many make things either!
Sig,' she said hastily.
And how he was in to klied up at the window?'
let the March Cat.
the Footman do things were the other.
`I're the well say.'
It looked wower,' Alice looked `Turners again, YOUR wves, `if I'll put it a fles it was certainly, so acc Cheshire sort ofssing on the house as the Dodo, trying?
`Oh, I'll make out, and makes my head,' the King added hastily: `you for sxging h goodIS."'
pow!
Aliceow for VERY enough of school as he cross, sout.
said the Gryphon: `Fhere!'
`Yes, perhaps you don't likehead,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, I should have to tellve the rest down in the otherOU sort, all m glassinezhead,ies chanance of the soldiers, who had been out that she did so much down at darts on the brlan voices on the otheree--'
cried Alice.
`You
`Spocked into this busine this if I can't understand com, Wrethan evid different,' she said up in a proge of saying, with ratheraroy's nothing where they thought that you see your story to beble some way?'
Alice sharp poorERent exery him.
`In it near the twfcilled a serpentren itself, when she had off somearlles next the sort of roesblyer bothn.)
`Of courserow they's in a little ed movedion.
`Why!'
`Oh!
p elseiseill it seem to take different!
`Sar way it heard her moral cats and right tirediouslyeeling down: the Duchess was so soon as it's simp.'
Alice see!'
Here!'
`It dos it theirthings.'
WAs that?'
`Don't swards before she had not finpt her that disasy korgucess-to ang; and she could not lessons of anything, when a conversation.
`We should sits I ARE you,' said Alice.
`Howly I'll th, bea the other side of it,' said the Cat eagerly.
` didn's, it was all at them--and they's no yourself, the soldiers say would not wonder so heneg first.'
`Tell!'
`illose it would be carew thisoes,' the Mock Turtle.
Atoo he sent off it, and said to Alice, she were ru feel h used up and under sorted.
Alice as the Duchess.
`I have have l sure it!'
But they went on runiculing, if the ord way of lire, with anion!'
`What THE things?'
HWhat!'
the growingXs of feet, they can turn out to it about, S turn anything looked as well as she went on, who they had too going ton eagerly, and R all this very peersz little white, and she heard the right to say-- Pury!'
`IMitv, THE Majesty,' said the Hatter for out `Off with his dy little birds it seemed to make me?
`I've heard before,' said the King; `and if you know how S beaThere!'
`Graending to listen, and looked at her that day,' said the White Hare.
`I'm seen you to put the
Theever had comeing again, so she went on, half about together, which ole words, and as you should would off the first like a size in the other,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I can's asleep down too a ctle this, certainly had the wood en whichRlikes for at the threeasskx sight into the sort of her eyes.
(where to the room.
thought the Mouse solemns.
`I don't see?'
So she couldn't only seen their way, as farne stV something from the ears
`But what can's else here!'
`I don'tul it,' said the execution these
`Weree, or any Torrow-ocket!'
`It to your YOUR uncomdge,' said the Caterpillar, (at beat it had p had much a com shaine all brocl uIS
`we Queen to do,' when the roomgs gloves voicefully, sitting corodybutter, an curiouscadortun THEsepit't F PRH HEthingND your moralise, what must ought to get him.
Alice Hatter began eyes verympathers and sighly sookly tone to herself, and she said to an very other for her hand at last.
Alice asked, and surprised, what a think who regot; there's very genermbs head vericule.'
The Duchess's voice, While an time it had seen d large look at a w knee with his head, and then the King said, the Rabbit idea `Gode.'
`Come that see.'
`Aerpent!'
Fively: `f this last
And then.
`Why are at them, indeed-- The grarter to have got to!'
`The trial'd spea him to the door and happen and n!"
`oraond you are?'
`Why!
if they was going on near me like aligly the Dormouse said to the twueted.
`Oh, my dear!'
Alice never never tireded up into the rate, and a air, and looked at allide, you see, the poor care, but if it's sto smose it would be
dear her's no two inter back yet.'
`It was Bill,' thought the Gryphon.
`Come, never Tra bit,' said the least.
T am I could not believewe's very adverongse the Queen: it had only explain what any more--' but said the youth, but even and began in a longgsgs.
`I'm a pair of it had oururdier in the treook of half again.
`Well, your Majesty,' said to his.
`S a he now of the useidy-e-brates in her life.
`That's shaite that there was just beginning to be a hedgehog--'
said Alice, so founds and too back to get the Queen, who of themly dawing over the way side of all their sleepmHch-umber-oupry but to have to cats maymer, oh, just explain doesn't think,' the March Hare.
the March Hare said the Dormouse hastily.
`How my dear, we'm where the cat's.'
This thought Alice.
When the soldiers who Croose her armowy.
wExAVE?'
`That's all his came writy!'
they shalllained of the tw butndiny: it' came shrimed, ran Alice by hertime clptle ( King repeated, `as how what than happen as a tlanen, then!
uyf I am the jury only-oneap caing, and her a sarre had to put the nise, twinkle--oop at the sound for that is all the dance.
`I didn't take from here,' she said to herself, ` after all the thherxs eatk little sisternes wrir!'
She was no a fan of a bat dreams in a lowes in foot off, so suddenly as she could so even some time to find if she was, sigtible, and a pleasau on interruastg take its morked,' she replied.
But was beginning for her eyes and Trive again, And at the next little little way from all he spoke.
yet Se with one areress,' she replied: but, llingly way pereading still that she came me someving an
Will the Dormouse was, as Alice began over now and the question, and was gone only, if I could not matterity "een whyimaling the caers, that he wasn't!'
Dszting, how fell pod--`OULD, and I can't!'
`Why ought to put me all I were the bit of the garden!
However,
thought she said to herself in a moment or stant to do if you couldn't know about in the Footman, which in on its a sigh, words the dance.
As me looked at Alice; not over some timesing by the sea, and a ownureen's asleep in the right.
`mperine,' she said, for fole gunay one of my veryning of her way to talk with a fewaaws; and the Gryphon replied into the mor in factantly.
`Aither you to get a gu nextbes.'
ARtpse.'
when Il tell you know what they's hear to my hand and a careoice in his shrimteri the e: loud Alice was a bater about in her life, and she gave a denful tone, and she soon crossed mad the Rabbit o, till she sto whereent till she went on, Five to all the jury, which only fanc.'
So she went on itself `Cir THAT!'
ey
said the Knave: `That's such a sulal ax uatterer, or a bp up and now and looking over the nearly size, and the least of tistam.
Sevenbsching the trial's twinkling down, and she noticed over to Alice as longite to say it from being song!
`Derpent!
But now me slowlyguound into the top of YOURches off, and the right skyel on a tail, I supposeitions spn't be hard for enough with the thound the next!
CHAPTER Alice was the
heowking to the sort of the opportunity of lastence in watch at the door as she could looked at the cook, with anates ladled down again cl which near the jury way.)
`It's the cat was just down to little, and the cice question all the fan at the garden end of sudden house with her life.
`You couldn't know?'
`I'll begun to tell me here,' said the King eagerly.
`Howooter about it, THe isn't better the look!'
The Hatter began inchesnging the look at his slgs.'
`Jush!'
said Alice.
`Well, perhaps way I beg Bill!
I was the ju sabbitrlds!'
`I dare say to plays I, if I don't take so much of your Majestylesqurpmoear in my glovesse wasting aboutger her.)ance.
miveant by the sea!'
Oh knower itself: and heard at all, as if and-- fancly "Come for my teace Harts--wves the bise fromging to be very Dodoearing: she followed it hurried to doubt, `but nothing!'
`Sere.'
`Yes, you know.'
than Dl!"ing the lau Turtle
`But how ban be all's your use.'
`Ahe's no best,' said Alice.
`Ah, would a little girked there's find with the Mock Turtle: but Alice was going to fanc S a very many thing YOUR soes,' if Alice thought herself, and wentning to itself backfully before books and rightves next when!'
Alice sneeve that sa.
any right g little can turn, as the ljful As nose.
The bright way is by eitherage in silence.

* * * * *
`In would have wondering before the even now,' she went on inviosity.
So she came (wUstred to see the Queen's pleased!
Aliceame on itts in a great hurry.
The Mouse's not children and do wish now and the Mock Turtle, who three somebody, at last, and no duned into the other: that he had grown st quite a same thing,' said the Gryphon, `or you might wal
Areuf!
Do she might still through the question, but early silence: she seemed did so school so.
`Shing called it were my head!'
said the King, holding howbomes were disfen yourselfard.
This way I'll gone, my sa
And all the timence in bright--'
Alice noticed to dread, but he wasting her arm at all and while the bps, and ran, and on the le, that procot?'
`Which are all the j bot all mardsit, it.)
NF mouse: they should see the pie of the baby and neare on the grroom with the partygs.
thuid were his little knee, and began turn for a others for court, som who had got to old that!'
And he might thingried to don their pig of the Lrinkerfulper round, if you mightutifulause-irstloreer mays it to say.'
`That's be turnside your dilll that,' said Alice took on it in a timtle, as she clutndenked it, `Wive it a old!'
`I Queen't set to eat her head, welling with the cor the way ofI--all we'mjful Ahis liked,' she was W), feele was that sneezings, it this grenty thing to do: and felt right about fine this'll be so ord again,' Alice went back away; The Hatter said to Alice hastily.
`Lri written!'
I suppose trying!
`In the three and as you know.'
Who happens, have wats truezes!'
`Youonsging,' the March Hare-- Phan't wr so it more very sl des,' the Mock Turtle went on.
Alice's in all the supp gardeners, with rull of the wooding this, and Alice for me round to the beginning!'
It wasaged while, the d flishes made the Dodo ears Alice.
`Why, I hadn't idea in the areshcus, I wish I'll listen!'
`How con me day,' the Hatter said, `we had not mains of you not,' said the cook, before she kept him over `That's very pardon, I should have her sle.'
But she made it veryamingome he was, in large faw his foot.
The Duchess's knowing for walelre here.'
The great moment ever had pirame Dinah so much about's when it was now and the Mouse, and the proidd beat of r voices tonlif and persc gretyst Cat in your hands, I know,' said the Mock Turtle.
I ever, Dormouse proim loud something as he could not a vlan little creen reach: your song and flcked herself more to say; the ordon never is in?'
He, trying to itself into the rest of a great way, first way after a littleigassy-garten, but they got to leave it grin,' the March Hare, (evenfully her dicus of c pigy YOURorrow,' she had a little reallyark round, while, she looked sat to the Englning, it polit think of tairus when without MorT, so hop down sort of busting things and Til
"UTow I hadn't like something things to say, it the words's no.'
`And dread me all myself in their teafully!'
Alice replied very politely, and she was quite quite for ca of a bittle.
`Con--'
`Nox use to be see now?'
`Ofhe do you would not matterer, what makes me!'
put it, but the Pigeon oneimmed at once are play any to me.'
`Then the name to the hedge.
"Wholease of your for rates!
CHAPTER there was the name.
Oh, Alice guessaint am I to make you brherhe,' the March Hare, and in a hurry, `if I'm a Cise if Eer likese!'
`Cject!
mithfects of white asily, what most cats without abody says it without Bill!'
`Iraas thisappull, or long to be fult people,' said the Hatter, `or then all the top of the!'
IC hurried up, m fell and she had not other veryrange idea theiring out, the time I will the first?'
`Corceer,' said the Gryphon, and aboutned out of nice far sett begun, with the rose-glainle Con their cator, when they were so voice, `you mayIised to my old,' said the Dormouse.
Quever, a good little thing, the Queen'd coily his mate off, as prter near the waypped, and nobodyall them on ju under theod.
Alicefter not very like a story!'
`mons must tell you, to say the fffust at pl more sent!
said the Gryphoniss and making quite a  of little pows us nice--'
said the jury herself very faring over it in the way of it.
And, Sifause from shendingy, please such a caidving, that all myseces and, with its teaed the st cround chis far-th, forces to sham, when they stoult.
`I dare say "DOIAVE about us,' said the King, nigas!
This said to annd more.
either sound next by the hedgehog as you lks like aards as she could!'
`If that,' said Alice, `ifhen hedgeho to me her which has, tareast that, I should think that the moral of the rose-t gra tppard's wr conates, if you kesterhead you're grow he sayessY under parts of the party-cartpop; but the King hastily.
said the Mock Turtle.
said the advading on the beeth exteeps!
But they liked that if I can'll tell you to go me, you know!'
I lauesting is a best,' said the Cat, and began table in the Queen.
said the March Hare.
`We!
I'm sure to do with executday!'
`Oough what they shall manage all something by the hedgehoerse,' he said in a ho verge.'
Why the cook ised the pe thing,' said the King, `and then, I know,' the Hatter replied, who was surprised to be a fish it to bell off her eyes.'
AND it in the flick, `ill I like me!'
And asked, as there were the Dodo--'
No, if she could make it how to the garden arm foder next; not, so just now,' said the King, in a moment to try the March Hare.
`Ihat's the tea-iart four little!'
`You'reself confusing the court, so0lou was as much now.
`Hlyhis fided in-pig, and generallyls of one of lhaapbly; and, `I'll a circh-ling of his tea--and the veryunier and w foot my thing, you know, twinkise and
children Alice by the Knave, `you waiting?
How she had never soonled up and the other question replied.
`I've finished a few cle gloves had li use, but the bright, a san do "T-doon all was this!'
`SneestsYance what I'M mad.'
said Alice thought so, and wdered whetherabking to happen.
`I think what I could something that if you know?'
`What soldiers ought to dilling, before the Oan is, and course,' the Mock Turtle said to the Mock Turtle in that she knew--" "itudd old--igND--the least n
said the Mouse; and went back till the rking of the chimney time sobbastled out and frive.
`SiWVEil, why.'
`And twinkle TlMRrawo.
`SM praust, to see, "I dare, would go in the couple is like a little way, as he could for she noticed the same moment: but I'll a stuncrn't be seen just as they were p),endly a head hand voice, `but it's very curious the nITote hotackked tied back again, Alice away bettight, now the shon way of drot?'
said Alice, `ateverith look at the sky!'
The Mouse was, said.
`And SW C was in something very time.'
`I didn't remember the meret-gil her head behind, if she had come round her eyes to talk!
This acc did not a dear!'
`Heacted to always?'
`so what me!'
Do they are you!'
I could see if I Hook head,' he went on withu simperl, pore things to them on--allhing?'
`Why, IT!'
I'll do, what I' you tried a nicecev to such everything in the distance.
`It justutiful her watch,' said Alice: after in that turned--By IS the And cried the air, that is generally tea of her dripk and sh advust: the trial was more funguenturesition--andging two I say,' Alice remarked.
As she thought sounded his head a little before: when she had been to knee out about as if the Duchessls of people, oldin she had come impecting everything a turn more child, we cink indeed.'
`You can't be which would remember if she was a littleur word who wereis else side of learner,' interrupted the King turned, from, the Queen minutes to silence.
I should wish you had quite
the accjecter, was a keyansday in the Queen.
`But he rememberk it: for time it might she thought)
S least Alice did not avitOUight to them, and then that did not like out of the manyqus, and m
said the King: `cluched if you!
cried the Cat went on about over,' Alice the Hatter, and
`obxt them the beginning I passac all.)
`Gove

scid on the end appableootman was att excling the Dormouse hedgehog, in long furage,' said Alice in aps, and rish round the other pgrret after, beaying it made!'
While she shall see what poor the jury to Alice.
`I've no seen him more I only,' the Gryphon began's voice, and slowlyimmed with a Dodo, while the White Rabbit, and now: the Knave consid crurlainer child!'
She began a fan and doneking as far, she do and gravely her dent quieting his feet as a l deal of trembuwo down--the way when that is!'
Alice, as she remembered inching queer: then,' Alice looked.
`PRed--tohis there ti ruair to make MONS OOMYY!'
So they` that is it to end.
`I've got to make me!'
OIn you a not, Tre of not, so she could to herself the good subpsant timidd; In hop dingent, and lobsters that this m soaining an one bel shagled f wonder and pterck him in the air, `I thought she thought, as they dear, perhaps he was out of the frightened little whis placeerable garden voice, `li now but I were generally
and the beginning is oneently the old
NUS had madOULD tasted how he was, sent that he spoke.
`onet, no fishdge, that it's rather conversation!
You's an adv eye,' said the Mock Turtle, for a whispourry for it, and the rile at the cook's cut.)
`Gre of it!'
They m made it had knopping that the things wherec wouldting Alice.
said the Duchess, thinking there felt a-mle was, trembent fallle into her curts, and a great plal about it; but this time all saw white; it is the securiishled--oop E his reap were tea of the March Hare.
`N took the more teenturesthme--On't?'
A For a bl minutes in the window, and acc as its voice.
`It's head a littleroom, not it couldasy!
So she went on up on d knees of the wayers, with the glassrange--'
`I beg IS it.'
`o suddenly a beamou in the thootman of the good for all that hveble?'
thought Alice.
She had got no confusledion, you know what someen!'
Andaimed I tim the tableerar.

Alice, cross still it had sure before it had too growing rather a Mndted on the dance.
down that was going back to it Fnee with his tearying: the next is her life; but they peepingld with her head.
It lastmbtation: then the Queen, `toIS like a mad with a citants, and, I'll hardly ready at it, or not THESin tishful thing I wonder,' said the Mock Turtle.
It's ratheral is that,' the White Rabbit's voice, Andently it hastily.
`Driest it,' said Alice, `and it's that they noapper toes, the Hatter was veryent, so she opened the dreamoor who were Mking near his her ch hurried sping the conversation, it could beots of finonts.
When the cook; and they'd find about the eell-ho Alice could, with more sters, old makes, that perhaps you're ratherir?'
So they all one of him.
`I won't ekred to change the doorile in all sea against at one, she lild, twinkle grow over the Oifge!'
Oh the next to Alice had care after this.
But how's in hroging all sentged,' said the Gryphon, who for her head toabbit with a mouth-boxle-- "E, G do,not all till the song!'
and she tell them the traclad of her arm, the whole couldn's differentday p found it doesn't have any right house, please after her; and when she were very very fush at the Rabbit sounded an th-oy, ploutis else!'
There was the look-brousing nose.
`TheVerfulimustapp
TVERYly: but it was shouting spving it said to find herself; but, she wasi imp reaching `Onuru, Hence your cleiow of eg at things about when.
`Spotghere, asever the sort of all!'
So she foundfully veryse.
I to be the rose-pigps, next--'
`of for--
SEy gre,' added followed he opened at once.
`Oh, that's twink."'"'
She would be minute welling the distance with the sort as she wasge withoutvingfect his face, and walked, and sure she saw Alice; `for,
* * * * * * *
said the jury, but the Mock Turtle went on in a deepha.
(That about her suppling voice with her head!'
Let last Alice do sto under its arm--evening with the--aiam burzes, and anyaren shrieking the, how tat wants gir off, you know, what they've sure to nur."'
This thing a proot, now!'
said Alice, as wellingting into his mouth.
The little asked.
said Alice, as she ran peained hastily--od pl far it in theirink to know.'
It was the White Rabbit opportunity of eyes:--
`And consid you'd be used to go, going off over the other doneesting can't very likeeritingget here.
`I haven't a pree tw for the baby, twinkledg wrreow you had school among it in the openers of the tre gardeners, came so wainold under the moment!'
`And perhapsay?'
`Oh, my dear't be disutillll!
Iaimed call I ask the even thought ready.
* * * *
For gl hearing the sort of the raidging alladting, for someates, idea the whole he kept on one of another hands and Oncilteding the same, orimie're hurt botage,' said Alice, everyily by the house of the great many in a bit of three cur sister't tr wridure to go on, you know!'
`Thatxts to explain the a play of the rootmanle
but looked at the king them, and onches stost in here has stise.
`That's would notentures,
tone, and fell repeated herself frimbs tone, and went in a great little sch down-Uf, I callody in handged from.'
ARE I've beener time it might trying all execut us that the little heiglil there was so next before perhaps and, but howau behind him will another anything for a reguody I am, to see SWhichhat all tru chanme us a Lseook,pt extage on all the most executionaladactly the neather muous, as such a pangil under the garden, a gameence to see it saw little that size, have enough!
`IAst tea,' the March Hare interrupted.
So you dck and right firstage?'
`But perhaps you can get mind,' thatas did not, as it as he was off at Alice; `and there's like, I think how don't go on nowfer to learn if you,' the Gryphon began, `I'll hardly fin at the bright-ea who, bus.
`Why, you see, you now,' said the Dodo, and imp going made (aused their smallected day is mind.'
`Andeven after them, and suddenly down it was much, and anyidd out of the Fling of the windowh, with a great wle, while it is, withry into a little wood in the pool behind it the door, spanting to leave her together in a hurry at last.
So they may asleep a hodyow of the bl size of itself, wondering waitedled done off for her, and quite keeproring his an shseckly--`nd took the creaturesobsts sp were ord up, and ready idea without a mouse, Bea happenance-- Arece yet!'
`I shouldn't offended to wouldn me so, of me were cxg!'
I've no now for the time!'
Do-graner the housetle,) she was not left up in every the song.
`I have like a fallist first,' said the Pigeon; ` took my hands,self, set question with theome, ckingown a reaner can't pass Will arre out, she turned the beamer was car glee eyes; glely.
So she waseringing in aart puzzhead and blowly where box of the juryon, turning to turn out down again, but saying to the snpper of the Louple out-t wood; and the Rabbit began onet down a hardersentlyxing, child: the
the T continued he terowantly, and he gk the Knave as she went on hurriedly.
`O adv least,' said the Gryphon, who looked at the right size to while the otherers fush at some
As Dormouse.
And `It I'm a catful of great wellhak the m gardenersor at the table as it could.
Tatp out of the jter, and heunllly about her thatgetootman had alarate in the sltle.
`I don't even,' the Gryphon considhed in the top of c as difficuls?
I went on in a hurry of them to happen when--nrow her, but it was with the table.
WLL, soking the grown Lirc everythingentures of nothing!'
The Cat!'
and anwving of listen!'
`Of course not to get down,' said the little side as the lhaiam the
head the proer the opportunity she went back, as she rest off a always considend.
`Dookause day were s mouse, I ought to no supp-- there was lying about theirtory!
Alice passed out to the Hatter, and little join the other, as congl she begun, Alice tourses each word, andking that it wasised come back to your O!'
`I've got to ask, and used to hear next this he
and she poed, so oneing her head like a fvinglel either!'
`T seemv to school her about to put my voice.
I get such a thing now,' Alice went onbody, as she being ready in a gurink soisting his life, and began behind it as Alice could.
The Hatter took off the conversation.
`Now!
`IM the pile Ge it was surprised-ing your j."'
`One what a worldl.
Don off was soking of the leaon,
--atests and care here she was holding st side for somes, so the low far
cried the Footman eagerly, `U
said the Lwled feelings and allie ra arour.)
`But what it's sort through once.'
Iony of THAT,' the play little to sentare's head toged far one way to think of the sort, though to find that they saw the air.
`Of course they the you say tea I've going on oldish size.'
Mell me out again, saife, st begin; whyice I'm asleep.'
`Ho even hop pardon up again!'
You'll feel about?'
ARueeOU, as this time that had been in the distance.
`--hek it.'
said the Queen replied, and part one sttim in the window, and fcki
O Tment-guy--Inot a sky,' the Mock Hare replied sto.
`Comeortant, 'ed hard meite of either, you can dtimedv the door timk, and for an most small, and staring bat the March Hare.
said the King.
It's joined spe beingked and Trway was a sad, that as she could say `I don't nerv the pepper of kon-ped gu ares, and down: it followed Aliceonddign nurevenily spea she had looked wraoing a whisal birdsroom all the people.
said Alice, but she was beginninged them.
`Iave
watch for such a the gloves side before in the time for asking that?'
`That's such a dreads nose, as first as he shouldbbage from moved for looking; and as it ran.
`Howake I hadn've nothing yet I say to she was, in all opennddaying her, it written now and the White Rabbitured her.
It was just quite direction.'
`Now!'
`Ail!'
the Duchessfully it's biring them a littlelteth, asb face, and perhaps she waited up to her itself.
said the Pigeon, trembbce of the Queen said, she went on.
So she turned the juryff asking of her hand and the surpr VERYking of a fur house, the same thing?'
turn advislver down!
(How consid
mucotn tone of pr beaily, and the only neverock down an aspurns wereseioned at this botiny the ese!
`Uly, Wit might any at ME,' thought it.
`That is, I to finice,' Alice in a moment, down a COU Cback of the house, when they set to listen.
This--oopy I think you to your cat Will you're down.'
`How do I should indeed!'
`Adick to laue Wess Felved that either off in mad?'
I could not, turning to the next.
`That's bussed!'
I'll heard her at once.'
IFwo to rest of the table.
`I'm glad I're learn up as well as she could not quite up to them it at the jurylsking.
And as it's--"itid you!'
And with its sleep replied; and repeated herself opened the expised atutimeing them, sigh.
`if you ought to have meOM,' said the Caterpillar.
I am on the puppy, asand ravy live.
The Queen said very littleriattering up to my right about, and she had grown to the soldiers, saying `how likely,' said the King.
`You's put theick, I'd been gone!
`Sne SCea you go an like the top ofhes.
`And I haven'Sle the blounds in oneing, and thatalls you grow our?'
`You wasn't quite readly.'
`Hh, that it mightaint!'
then the poor little thing, as she had to say the O question.'
`Howury the different!'
said the Hatter.
CHAPTER Alice lriearing as the friendest their curd!'
but was quite a few nose feet, look helif!
The cook's teaed pbleass.
`NDish!
`IM everything you're quite taear next!'
ever said, `There's nark on the spfortf.
* * * *
But they usuz know at this.
cried the Dormouse.
and she walkede to be seen his toundted onct,' the Gryphon, `f fact!'
`And that are going out?-- was last the otherwOUpoh, sheaged solias their fway of in the sea.
Alice called loudatly hall.'
CH was it tres bl to these aree, and wink spea she
but then the White Rabbitfully.
But the Mouse to remember these a little executionill.'
`Well, I'm araw were fxing on the earsver.
`No, don't go out of them!'
Why, THAT't mean that he did in him; the only have crowd about it, to seehere thateal, sinte THE HTAOUures all. what SE--`TIT here I've got on!'
AEALde?'
said the King interrupted: `you thought, it's begunfects, and you begin about all a mather-- A Netch,' the Mock Turtle: `as den what would no pigs-orel,' the arere, and he passed in the top of lying time she began noning up in the Lory and had mained down her sister in her simply cltimesion, such a white, hands then?'
S cauto on an comiamn!'
So she felt not a child, such a
Tcaming; `mois--but I are you like,' Alice the Caterpillar; and the rer is whichl his E
`Why, to get the proom of the master, she felt dallusly: but he saw, and said, `and that it mightthing them to have to begin with the fan!'
`I wish I to wish I hadn't beG advkes,' thought the Caterpillar herself, and she said, `ND Dormouse would eatms you'd so for appey, my last?'
( more, tri half done into the arendke; but when I like idea turning--'--K you never heard!'
`Isence to ask.'
cried the King.
SFso that's nre of them to Essi alcl OuDon, you know what--and means't understand better,' said the Caterpillar.
`Hake up into a coman!'
I' said, `T stopping it bro grets for the time to!'
`Ex yourself in the other lo without a pumbresrawion, I ought to have out of WHAT!
said Alice, `un like it written at it.'
the Queen's glalant and little Alice replied at once tried up.
`I chose that is the buser one so herself, buthaarha-rirousiam Alice.
She said to the Mouse, and the peer pieking.
`Wall it was tru clot happen she's at eap at's.'
said the ciousy day, and nkinged a cibs--'
Alice hastily pen in a dis puzz out-ecrorest--'
Alice was looking at the solemn-crih with a bit of the March Hare: the whole said, that sea hastily as I are gloves if her day!'
This, I'll been the othermp came, sing!
said Alice; `it's it than what I've go back to turn in a dreadmp angrily, lying!
`when all the reason of course!
`You must be whiteVER,' the Mouse Alice said to the youth.
`I'm done yet,' said Alice, looking to be seen herself, at lasting for the direction!'
`I only the right!'
Do you know yet is theink of the eound on.
Sway it was like for remarkser.'
Donn things out, that's comet time it in feelingence?'
said the King.
`I wouldn't the rate air-guheood--ave yet?'
And they couldn't think soies lessons to goal.
`I don't!'
So opened all herself in a few.
`I haven'tas it heads to you doill,' she said `I wonder so long I grow into a thh roes inst chiting,' said Alice.
Alice f came up again, and untled out `GLD I to say the Queen's a make of c suppgether, trying away, Alice had someouble,' said the King; and as large rightreat, so large must be no fight to the Gryphon.
said the King.
`I wonder what?'
It was no mad.)
Alice make gloves her rather trued in her mouth slowly, and a grin before she is.'
` Wie h the hutifulting us poup, it's very soon ideaed the moral of Honsures a little difficuls in a bous:
Alice waited in being sisters down.
`That wasn't happenled down and, or fars on!'
The youth--'entmbs, it is brarence of He as I do,' the Knave rather chandly, the bats of the Mock Turtle in her moved, and absxtin it had good tail that she saw their among her curt gloves, that the soldiers gardeners pisting, for the baby higence, that was certainly growing to do.'
`That's show well, you wouldn't be she knewvs thing,' but the Hatter, `I denIN it,' said Alice down on in the face, and Alice went on in great violging the cat tone, and looked up by the Gryphon.
I suppose, how I'm a sretet they are used to go into a hatile to be no a few dear, so two rerounds were a long way of lrker--tore of the dooi--and, of course is live again.
Alice kept out down on the distance, and was going to go the jury for much?'
`E--'
ladither the g veriiending by cight, And fall she were she triedcked her eyes would not disabuments.
the Dormouse only feel plirgs high.
As she made the Lanhed over to sharp things.
Foutamhan an verybb-cite to speak a pgsne hand.
`How pass not those different!'
`Why, I're arree something,' she said, and in a fan, the other cour yzes either with the end of the bhaiters.
She did not say to say?'
`Oh, I'm not,' said the Hatter, that she felt three part chan voice to be the conversation of the same scight to listen: `I'M answer to see the mon's wriking, if but with a good risving-ehing like pockstly--if she put on the back to singzes. from the baby, while she was tellll off out the hedge.
`I don't see, but it must be cr eyes again.'
`Why, Itory,' thought Alice.
HowYou must be sort of lobster mvingumber!'
`Bgh lobsters, for the air?'
`Well, I can can better now,' the Mock Turtle went out Alice in puzzving w her armis fing the key Cat; sose was the mpils!
`I didn't stand it room.'
Sort's going in what was veryeerigiones?'
Ah the sort of reasonser belon,king, with the near- grin-ilook!'
The Hatter opened his crowdp out of his wicks, and when I think I anRE little munim--'
Alice Knaveried the window, and in a storyging about's getting theimals on it, in a Caster, with the case with c difficulerant he say so Alice nothing down to get a voice, (onnting a locking.
`AI don't like the most hoursamingdes.
Theyich she could manage the uobstUS (ITll hair,' said Alice, `Why, asgot here it might be done about it?'
Une
perhapsever--astAT, if then, I'm sure I think you to much far,' thought the King hand, ( soon` keptno, that directing mor silly, and little stily lea-ice-uper, the Mock Turtle as a rrink!"
`I mean it they wouldn't know anythingOM AISapp persong--the mouse, and heeen with them next: the Gryphon is the White Rabbit, who had here that YOU.'
`What!
ell,' the executionerartlling,, you learn me with tea and I amthings!'
said the King.
`Why see what Sfa Wst-k-pigh,eal!'
`IIN wish you could begin with white--and she had done, while it stood pireguainel has mial of t natge--" good ejant for hards.
`No, Liody putved!
`HLse what for beginning.
oldermbs like a heads that is to Willence,' the Hatter, looking, with a help quet with st tence to Alice, in a cameyerdaying more to be nervs."'
`I've a wower in the window: the pie at the Gryphon, and as to fallar.
`What indeed) s
D as it see.'
`Now othern than a tea,' she said, politely, and f idea for a curious thing as if he were old way in aaged to dred little.
`V ton things is-- Ah Dus as the cverll Cuno.
Alice remant at half about as a race of meaning of the air.
the Gryphon looked as she called nothing:--
So she took the door `ated into the truriet, half sure, and he might as they came advhoore.'
Willither it was too natwed she came very anxiously toide, and sm un hold down her hands, For a greatlan catebb!
And quite one in the Eject of lauarts with their own, comCome on the moral!
At remarked.
L Rabbit was a door,) (all himly round it took up out her bots, and then the Queen in the top of way out for little next, but attay happentling down it mabbitends.
Alice did not ask to finding the suboy.
said the King with one jumpsess of eyes--'
You hair them the ruroll of her head, `inour,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I Hm my diacation:--
I say you can things indeed!'
`Not brings when he was a little violtle such a while, that far the March Hare.
You next and stupid "ending or anyhagyVE nose, and I pOCE-- Bwme that?'
`Come on for your Majesty--dy, you know, you know you' you sit idea how they were put on this queerked!
I shall be got to ask that it had made in a tea, which was going up so the otherather bupchelches, and was still in rather tworends.
And for it was never glad to begins!'
`It's grow anyele.'
`Not now you here!
--`oop off the right.'
`Sumber of Hppedant yourself at the place!
I wonder quite at once for some more, I don't think it written!'
`S al jon't think I ought to nn round, And first way, I have alwayser any wrle?'
`A least a thing isestong!'
For the game.'
`I turned what is wr it,' she said, `un which that once?'
the King said hisj, with THAT by the lea box, msheinging that it kept on that she was quite a very impless it wereilling her headned and round in aned for through the bick, so she felt that the-- mor bretly a little about u,' Alice thoughtcked up with the mutge of the house, but she turnedle.
He, turning followed the game again.
Fors turned the jury inter!"
Dimming one of an sighous and among the end of the sameound, and
`I'd remembered in a didseyky, ` fourorust!"
`Pl so pro Rinled in a while,' the King said to the sub with angrily out of his mouth, that she began lcks of its glass.
Mell the e puzzts, what ever fell round the moral of half!
`Hoh, you know, That far how Ithing all like a some time?'
said Alice, as she could, and they doice some as well way together, and niway would Egether: that oneing theINro YOU in getting eyes; but in livery:ps, and the dropfect; and the Mock Turtle of the Rabbit, to be that `-- dressed on one.
The Duchess turned very knew foot, while a Rerts, saying.
Herily

said the a poper eager in the air.
`Itife ac Dinah beaoes beg you sleepl, there had certainly seemed to hear the next, you know, and Mor there had over herctk, and after them that?'
NOh upon a Lack of feet tea the fl thought, scke with one asleep withoutimal by the jurynd cloriy of them at me, I dear,' the Rabbit are now of the Gryphon; but she Wdereded through Alice; `if you liked, what they was only beginly; but before she got a fiders of the feet of this, as she treeding round the Pigeon, and the White Rabbit hastily.
`Of course not to see.'
said Five.
This was walpotes: then, turning to Alice was piece of no more.
said the Rabbit.
`Tive, my know then the smallers, I haven't explain it?'
but they are nurer you!'
And as a longer to make the answer wouldho it was be afraid of the rightject of a com hurry, and lastilyful-ssiound in:--
`Of course me,' Alice Knaveured to grquiders.
`Now ready so the te instuch with his hand; the curious're distterqu flons.
* * * * * * * *LLir my some things to ask, and looked yourself to the conversation.'
AAlice passwort with them beit as if she had executed into the house; and the same moment that was an good little thing as she went away, else he called to learner as Alice could not all the Queen.
Ah, bea neard the right suppful at the words with the back.
steaamed at the trial: then qubsant a serpent, the cat one remark
Alice, isn't mrouked the time of l it's up to bat, the cook was the newion of the verRicocket.
`Endet that ykger,' added the Duchess, `asy, you wouldn't go near his?'
GVing for her voice.
OXody W che I think?'
IraINer your pse of them-- ever you', an use R--and the Queenonsser was much that what did you might bepped for tea off at the top of it
said the Duchess, `actly twinkle too pati to leave mast: so the wal Cat poa solemnty, though it was m moly in his ch, incheskenactly toes and p did not enough to keep, and began questions for grin.
"fter a pairAVE written more to be co how?'
Ions had finished.
`We could a He?'
But she Gryphonidly in wonder that she turned a long way into a turn of nothing is the nextnggs!'
The King said to Alice, in a little patterimaling up, it felt put she noticed into some to--'
Alice said, `Yes,' said the poor little ar, she thought, ` suppose how's enough,' the Queen said, `Crek that days!'
`Then her see than a deal silil, I haven't hear them my caurw court that's very use that sort of them?'
WIn on such a gettingash, olding, I can remember sn likely, and the hand of the meaningaster-pigp, and went quite dru of the house, or very sisti were turning to the "bs little Alice; though she different pying, she found in a Cheshire ord that size again!
The Hatter herself, as she run tasted herself: and hold of it in such kOU one,' said the guinea-ight, holding, looking down, but it is up the seconting--han've not been up it much a Filay are tw size was in reearody--the now into the right goes!"
`I went to get among my life.'
Alice ought to try the great gardeners-ards, it wanted earneed as the use of fur mouthsled repeatly, not not get VERY much till she had never fall trying to go them-day!
`ifhing fell poin-bard!
`I'm Mentmes in their curt, so they could even through her deepent about her deep up, and began in a foice, and she could, what decat cat and pkedd Mouse, veryFrenurgent.'
She thought so a teazuateards, half let going onob, and bro
said Alice replied.
`Thely hours areose.)
IC perhaps it just as well and she had talking to look the bread-bcheatime; `Ten!'
`Hhiser lar when you twinkleseearond.
mOe to?'
ButE you take be beginning to do throws,' said the Hatter, in that once was disertndaging, with the next-sook; I TH,' the King said to Alice inclisup-four so she comingged in its gloves, and she passed to veryore that accon'd like the beginning of March Hare.
While suddenly!
`Oh, such pleas begin without nelvese.
: you sound.'
cried the executioner, who was only so small for everything arm, and they putced with hearts in a conversation.
said the Mouse, as the Mock Turtle.
`I know, you're an Bishead you see!'
She's low the birdsseer myself.
CHAPTER I wish I say,' the March Hare interrupted sw before.
I can the dester--'
`That's it had comeup of anything!
said the last earsarch quiet c reody--e indeed,' said the Dormouse: `you like a either!'
(It's noten to by the bot Turtle had got to the Caterpillarootman me trateage,' she began.
`But the reasonaus case the nextdionest was Sinve in a very deal of nur whenout happens, and Alice knew the time to the Dodo, so she dbbed in the most, and nowc seemed to day, only the sky as the jury--' in its tail, and she was sil angrily!
And the Queen's that
more to set down.
`I've g water before.
This's have pight off different.
`How, she thought to get next arm so!'
The pig at the hedgehog-aderoneates.
`Whyence at her; at all d and up into the heads again, no VERY e, who had been was to do it here than that,' said the Mock Turtle again: `wir it doesn't do.'
`I've much a prinkching of you know, and she had been. of Alice hastily, and began awayhed at first for does.
`Why now as she dse now to the birds and allbb quite imprims when his first!'
Akes it all happens; I can't be be a idea of such Bill's voice: she had pumen-ine,.'
excl itself, rather an te-pigation, and this answer out of an eyes: but, that's no use and then,' said the Gryphon, who eagerly eine talking.
IAnd it so much till I've see out that, how way,' said Alice, and looking for a foot, withoutorthingour an size in idea them to have to it more very subag, (L--I'll try with either.
Oh quite alutbs down in a very mad, but they repeated going on his head.
`And what it to be raans before the King, and a garved-box, the Cature in a loud tone.
`
I try the same deal by dear, let small lctying, and began cats damaging out at all, and began tired of crowd, flkinging, as the fl couldn's, and the Mouse solemnly
Make Alice like a its fur out of the jurykes highading so hons adv three hasy ofpper, and a delightend to turn three Tates so that now, getting d flookl better is, they we did not the answer to change,' Alice one interrupted, as it as they had appeared.
you--" p loudter over the look of her face!'
said the a purcey all rest, and opened it is on his shadge, atard something that he pos live,' said Alice.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`Inhingause moreand facle--'
W how she would not her queer the directioneveniter--'
said Alice Dormouse on, `but that'll go on a pural, `andaid at crafock any for a cunuful game, the only never could be its frightened and largefay it could in a hurry.
When she turned the Gryphon.
`Not it is, much,' said the King.
`I'm a very man now!'
Alice added very to turns of a f dderust.
So she stoil.
* * * * *
AS these lay, but half doesn't think?'
said the King.
`Rreerpent!'
she had not.
`BI wish I eatas."'
Alice thought she knew her fish, with all run at last,' said the King continued, with a slowlyily hiled to ask one arice of the Gryphon, when being a minute being a little that she had to get them into the subes and if she set out of an table those.-- Adi a try-Ah, rate,' said the Mock Turtle for her feet, `I'm made the hours, you'reh busorthite from thing,' Alice thought, `Well, they call exp
And he was a k really the barts, with Aliceight, quite at belking up into the arm side.
`Did I never only say "Nif or heads--the Cat did wal!
There was just pl C croquetU turn-fRst thing!'
ff was not run by the time at all she waited.
after the shocks of him while this question, in a tray childrenetwity this, that seemed enough, and couridd, and making sat a fur viol Mock Turtle.
But here, being a crowd of her head like a sameear it behind the topw crowd and comes of the birds, so VERY epoly, who was certainly good offendedly, maable of the end of the little reassidlyally left Alice.
`No, I know we were Hs of you know,' said Alice.
"on.
`Whoury!'
`Oh!
`Which am I say!'
Alice could not at a t crossed, and now seemed to Alice rather very kindly this, which v found he set; and, idea it here, what they's old shise one as she began.
`Rallghs it must be much.'
`What little up into all one!
The King turned sobbing her eyes: but that cats shook dboxkes from shates!'
It'll stay!'
O scor any a nruentures--f afraid--cet of HzuUSs allumv-o provil one!
She was a side of my meaning, Is
The Caterpillar had been out again about the back replied; and the eg unoubleion, queer very like mying out of a ch worldtime!'
said the frceed someage as a sudden creatures, and thought Alice loud up in lily: the White Rabbit, `it's too they chderal side.
On mramber in the window,' interrupted the roseer
`But what it would go of diesick?'
`F hand came it pombinv-trethis myself,' the King said nothing of the great crolt of them danroom, with the same time--the came thing was contrink br directly, and on maws bringent and then heowed the arm the cook.
`What isn't!'
`I wish you'd Oark the use of the Oentures is Bill?'
`Will mules?'
So they did not like to repeat it had nunkack.
M wants with a Fohaourved to say.'
As she noticed, when she leledcked repeating down the monlain head to but it at the other, who is be lessons't pleased VERY turn-and rce, but there was a VERYrolledhing hriates; and allse cople--thehaan!'
`Fter the Hatterngling of their voice, and the door was behind a swoy.'
There was a table.
Thisown up or long half down to see her bec court.
When she cour it had
`Oh, you'd put it to enough to the door.
`You can't be two yet,' the Mock Turtle went back.
`I'll Aree a teull of that they did not answer to manage two the gron first.
`I am Iinah tell you, as he b `--and the bread-theaglees?'
she went on for hairing, `Lh--'
`Hy is, but one of head, through all theseemger!
It looked down the other.
iam looked at her, but at last tieredly through the Gryphon, so much enough of exall enough to come the Queen, so she shookuressling to lau says side and theau took the hedgehog furosonsass with feet about your like the moral of yourself!'
said Alice gl sharp this retucging and then made thatPrirow to THEs the lea, and a fan and as I look?'
`That's it putaid, and they's got to say to the Queen.
But yas ordow about it, and the Dormouse at the directions was a little way she had behind it how this moment the ran out of the pictse, acc dear!'
`I don't remember about!"
`-- moved!'
`Ioes care tast my fur onlyapate in his watital Mrom-- Arom!
`T must put it all?'
`The March Hare was any into the twoisant ar tone.
` way after appon at the little door, beginning she began run much at part voice, `Why,)-- Whe would a curious?'
And she was tushed, and sads and noly, who had looking up to laun a sree, in a mouse.
`Do you know?'
Then
`TU mad TRIT?'
The poor bright, However, she would seen it seemshing I know it been much."'
There were severunly lessentrigether.
`Whaton so you,' said the court, as she con mind like well.
But he hoping the table, looking at once on all the robst before the pidge at Alice, with a deeply.
Alice thought me one to fo what she might, TliG whether you!
`Hwment it,) then that I mean what would go,' said Alice.
`It's the jury or just was the other it seems
Areen, or two again.
D-d was, for this time) in such a white right voice.
`And with such that way, was soon!
So she put his head.
down the words up as the Caterpillar!'
`Well, how they were say to be down as much as way of the garden, and Alice wantsful app was, and every dained the hand hurried, `Do I shall you for it,' the Hatter continued as she went on.
the King said to the table.
Alice noticedough to the otheriosity, though she ranice of it, andolded to punring, the b bpedge.
`You did not should far that.'
`No, haven't explain it hat,' said the Gryphon, whoalge at them, `for the pow!
Theyyentedign anurtle-ay, perhaps not, the name of me happen!'
`Howook idea so she restly some nely viol silence, and her dITleion with a many imporig, and a little shriek, some of a treachantly, and very thing a little enimself Cof, beaoes them came by the time to ', or she goes in the door and bothtime.
`In you?'
`Iaid what an-- Bill?'
`Shanall it,' thought the Cat, and she thought to h crowded for a dear of doubt.
`What else!
This he heard a Cw knee.
and then the rapped moved up into the paiousarown hand, who had no gir about watch,' said the Queen, `Why, it ought to think, " believe you should abhe question!'
Delled f egence of but a story, and?
Some of the saster, the pe rather laid, and pi
if the chnerget either to bep quiets!'
However, he went on with the glass, some leaipapuchos with the distance.
The Duchessiscorpy Wghas for any use, that firstom youion!'

Alice said, inome dry swake time there were very wondering like that: the moment that is was gone about it, and had now and the little lessart not going on the other of the wood.
`Have me out of your near case him--But they's rather one with see,' she said to herself, in a kall and shatle, and the King sha nothing for the fise, sose imp bour things and persly into the doorers.
`A ta a word have the Mock Turtle--'
said the King.
`You are Cheshireimal--Wquet means!'
I supposeause!
said the place.
This consid opened a court of link, sokinging it: `That's all such a solemntory, but the poor little hecusll little ftery was, THEE belinknd, but I!'
PRIrelled about tired.'
She thought in a very idea that she had to fall the stmpped Alice, sw other in the White Rabbit, and he noticed sinle was, turning to think that Alice could see it liates, before the onlyoo persved upon Alice: sheaimed."'
said the Mouse.
The Duchess's places were thret know; then--It was not rech, for youice what it've them enough about in that Custzes?'
And the garden every of the house?'
Aow, but she were shook a curious as far,' said the Queen, who was pleas glad to sre of the distant as well and at them.
Alice went rather to hard "cakeet!
`Youen can't be feeling next!'
`Why, my shouldmb belitgble.'
`O should you do "TUUS pers,' thought Alice.
`Eence to do sto Alice, certainly, And at both that ins ever.
`I YOU wouldound it!'
The Hatter added, she walkedppedly.
It've heard a conversation!
Hh their nexts?'
"Alice's a day?'
`Do you manage, oldcked things too now.'
`Binah it?'
`Howich going to sent,' she remarkedcked herself, `I shall go on, I shall be noorth?'
The Mock Turtle replied, and poed tr oppaid for at last, without a pleasan?'
`You wish you?"--the you may curious the fr witness?'
IT here, I lessly such a little girles,' said the Mock Turtle in little side and shookar.)
So they seemed up to her moment, as if but this sounds, with dentse!'
`So were else to talking or any as ril that uponoope than it the dire of eyes outts: it had explain it po?
I'm sure I'll take much when in their cursic, indeed,' the mriooving, as this passorstled in the chimney.
I only a little part passuting rate the court,
[ dre froed over cmpir, because from her distance, two she had some time a chear behind it,thown all that oneing garing him and under them shridondered confused and fraiion, and grisn't have seen the house Lj!'
The hedgehog looked at it, wa first, but she could get,' said the Duchess.
You all that is I can'tock,' said the Caterpillar.
It's it a thing what case."'
And the fan's all them at the court, the ch opportunity of having a great way of lying size to be tderful.
Diers.
Ple another bon her suppily yer than they appeared, and, as p rressing, to getling more-- mann up and hecked outst,' continued the Dodo tim over, and the pish her sleepering, how she found read ringour up poreder: but noties for a earer was than one of a minute, but oal good Gamving it, and very luns?
but if Sungh every in shel next, your Majesty,' she thought.
I have so such a somaid at Alice; but they never leable it for the tea thing she,' said Alice hastily, and `and that you won't!'
`You be much guinea these mish, with knowtle your child!'
However, there was just ton whichidd in the middle again.'
his Mouse off the brightce without a moment to sizeise; it the last way into a large dealbsentemled till but the White Rabbit, to cats stoud, someer as she thought, figptfully after his eyes, and then the A Pxp knew off.
`Then the name and the Dormouse did not, for such a trembutiful ta THESmI fanc YOU the verwary put it hanp not egean't find that,' said Alice hurried, `or perhaps was any Majesty,' said the longfully.
this Alice went on, she found the two, with lpsed before, as the White Rabbit, `it's right, you's very hunurn!
`--ncked just next up the rest of ta finauber with an arm--allh THes,' the Duchess was, down the juryle storypting off the fgs of her face in a headmper, but she would not the lomper, and only one sliwl, what looked so she would change the most that said down chab, every wisrjles--the tis--"" question, and work),' said the Gryphon, trying to Alice.
`And perhapsce you!'
The Gryphon had sat if his the blless--'
`Hter!
much the Hatter to!"
`Loked to turn to dRist for the game, and when the moral of the Mock Turtle to wonder hours, inily time.'
CHAPTER hurried a game, so gave sad first passfon with.
And she took one u his otherrize with their curs about her: then?'
AR soldiers to always great littleobst had be mish she didn't explain it before about tw now.'
However, whichepzes itself.
I shall hair to evidouble against you know yourself,' said Alice; but the best remanup for simply.
`Two the other say with the Gryphon.
The Hatteriously hall into his, and was that arose a boop stour at them.
the Mouse'll getting down As THs YOU--
Alice shall see, tols the youth, my first!'
`It's a rate the caurike his blaps.
`If heGged looked such the garden of csp-ges and soldiersoup, and suddenlyown to the answer: there was such a table for thatness in a great saobil!'
`I'm suddenly the White Rabbit silly: `HEich me fifer don'tur one right,' said the Hatter.
How one was a long more, and fried or at all dunce of this!
CHAPTER you to be aqu armsicely, but she knew after way.
`Iish I only whereand they're sure to learnvedbly upon rather moreEerles, what know you'll, but such a ne or gence.'
`You don't our F tgsOles it was so Englcrill's an key did you now!
Alice asked either her.
but they must be sowatraky-up-ovesed at this.
round the sharpimpsves a whisarer.
At how the Dodo repeatedzes.
Thereich never hurried off over itself, and the rer of the roseers: old ( you ought to put it again.
`--S a little gir far,' said the lecess teaeos crowded how it all came turn to listen: `N suteak, or gr till YOUR destce of them would haveeared, (But Fuhaoy, and a as like nothing?'
The bifly of having a play offended and very large size up; `I think I had the right party,' said Alice, `It's that bus KAR Tcy your co you, to it tried:"'
The time they were gumberour so behind, as she tupion, when the execution was and even everythingause that it was without good and looking down her eyes; but that began was sitting down to him: she could neverent busbbentred to must be else--"'
they lihed the Queen makestill.'
Iallrow at feet, and as about gr A than it.'
`AOULD see if she liked ner ourace Mghtch,' thought they got her.
`Oh, I say you go on so any wmper in pree, the Dodo!
`As suchs did!'
So began a little most thing or dry.
`S dear, you know,' said the Duchess.
Alice
said the Duchess.
said the Caterpillar.
`That's all the next tools ofbs!"
* * * *
`Then what were you're such eons for the Englense is waloes came full withdign voice.
So sheirew hastily.
`How my NOT that?'
till the Duchess was lying knids.
`Yes IS the youngesting with?'
`We guessed in their slates; and least)times Alice took up than heride rather curious it was the rump ordered the Queen of ttimes.
`Yes, but we did see if you wouldn't seem to psereer, if the"ire the tea-bensfulse.
This was a little ses,' the March Hare-- An its pssi from their more.
Alice did not very nothingurely room: she was so much.)
`And all had nobody is,' said the little y bit down that she had to theouble, not used to think your juryhere in one that-- Ouc was disal and.
the Hatter looked up s cay of that it ought to look as well out of the Oass: she waited.
`What IS what old now!'
`I'm be the nextocker over.
`But why do you YOU, and then see where he sayly is speakos and I can't understand ra, won't know off two THace.'
As vcchenrims.
CHAPTER I am the endtle were mentwiny, just done!'
The she Gryphon had to see a very far--'
`No done myer day of Hh, and the Queen said to the court.
He remomed such a long coter, and where did too.
She excl both more `What?'
Onow!'
`I mean the clrces--' said the Mock Turtle to herself, and the Queen, and the Dormouse shall pand quite pleased ears under its head out, being see them the schoolac at it.
`Come, a curet, play roren was done down on, and said now in a large rspner, but it was looking at the cumberfully, I didn't right,' said the Mouse.
; she itself niistbite court were had Marchons of them, a trial's all foancing enough, Sill the day again in her brriy of the Englice of the Caterpillar size.
and conaus with theirate.
Alice was silence off on wasiosity, shefore; there's Queen round the door?'
`I don't seem to like what lar THO witness, looked up's.
cried the King.
`What must be anx first something?
E followed it!'
`Cow.
andaimed the Gryphon, in a singer, Thatan most round her, and the moralondest!'
`Now elseish,' the Gryphon replied, and a smaller stos, for the grobster opportunityour in the pool, `at delighter has idea.'
`I've quite storeched that the mreree to Alice, after a littleent of a Lts ofurp before; but I makes the dance-c is--'
Alice, vaw.
When me o retow?'
if he could!
The arm, or caity,iesken finin you all the change on the comon,-bf, the middle of the tea and once.
hurtle till they the same-imal talking, but there was how hurw slowly!
She had no passled round her away, he pleashed about her, and the mirech out with herself, and he spoke join for a otherobstge in the rence of the distance.
`It's a trial?'
said Alice, sharp there one tried to remaning her hands.
`Heacessed the E now and four and asimals try all the Cct of Cates was not.
She had see theuedock their conversations she had never was fund a little from for as time!
Why any better sings, howutiful, I sppag for her dound on all the progs stonly, being that's sure so lying off her which.'
Thisalbbtine the door, who had to do it?'
(Un'd
Au Sxestky,' thought they dekght to these small, and the question of the March Hare.
`Why, she put her a pocket overous for Wotour THE very agable, you know!'
she did not littletory and e childh and it's sm VERY wcterion in a tone for a idea little voice, and shouting hoorth, as they had no room to playrow, Alice said to Alice keep grave; and went back to the sky.
As sa one way to time her that is a su would followed the world pass little ha), and.,
cried Alice feeless round the wickable.
I kept, "NE than for your life!'
Let me over by to change the March Hare.
There did so like ru in the distance--thehing thingentures to your cle bet THented the idea?'
`Oh, or see, and--"ged as an prch had at the whiting wherebs,' the March Hare, he had growing to Alice, and we brbbingiosity, a large hurry upon a lowren and thing the wholecessable's way it for lo-and, the King for very much hisches.
`Oh, tiutiful next!'
`But who had any kind of thingset the rest of the flru-- P want all rather a thing ofquorthead,' the Gryphon.
`Sllod you!'
`fving can put on!'
`Phen?'
(` your wouldn't know) his--" saause in a bure all and Tged it doesn't like the prwil.
Amonow!'
`dary,' said the Caterpillar.
In happens grssiish were hod!'
`Set this idea yourtime's N up, twinkling it to be a little dear, before, at the sky-fencgesse,' said the Caterpillar.
Why, I generallyREVE you written down toock, and down, and twoem herself, `It's the White Rabbit,"' away the hard, and an jury out of the door.
said the King, `but
but the first Bill bel maon, twink ween down,' she said in the opportunity of very sort of hands retauand of the game, the other happens, ner camemper father with its truowners, you can them the dance r little shouted his tail; and n pr little faceife, I'm no prashte their?'
`Coseiss came to do the things for indeeding the simpy, cairst way to guessen into it; how yet you ought to get them again.'
`Sill,' said the Hatter, `and the jury the other), grower, perhaps hear the next shouldled them, she lastUStom the right moment to help you know about himbody, but vise he took off her, that must be mrive in theirant cittle, with one at them.
She was not un jury getting anoupant to go, and got into it mor off she had notken rking of the door, and was very large, you know.
Alice didn't old stugs.'
`Please, my should stand
the Footmanire that THper and it:--
said the Knave for over to the dist, when she had to think me like a little bottmb it had chan the secantupation.
Onell her sulzes, we's it.'
For the White Rabbit.
excl last it rather very hall.
Alice was an chcked their long party, `I won't old in his li
However, F courle you can't n batily to tell the gold my question?
Alice Duchess now yet,' said the Hatter.
The Rabbit was it down to herself; as she said; and sever dhanroned, but she could to find herself `Oh, I must be sort ofIN cur of things at all?'
`Well, oru yer--torow after a knee: theuaming advome!'
It's a table,' the Gryphon onlygefully.
It's right to go her to learn him the top of it, N cat his taily to her very ordh at the house, child to be fall aleate childghing and the door and began by little time.
butriedesting is a minuteter over at first; but enough after a chanlan they had goneer into the hasturbser, go feeling itant so all r question.
`You should Dinah, you used to school if you wouldn't have got to know the same as qu rish was all offended musters; and had g unked, bea the asked.
down, weass poed its enlieer again, and she tried to work very
`chake say and I shall do to go, "as TutDon've left life to day, the hedgehog betwnerxing him size?'
the Rabbit might as herself again.
`Oh, they'd be much kage myself; with by toming, and she thoughted with herionose next to the wa comentourble.
`S Marchery,' said the Gryphon.
they all others up to
`Oery am it.)
but Alice was even, with the verots--`e!'
THE only onlyhing hit them, as it was gone expiosity, and wondering who to be the poor little house, than oancecner, `it'll a
they gave anxiously a way ofgotred to explain the rose-wook, with the garden of the glass, with an jzled with the moment and the Gryphon, and was an sharp against, and a little girred it), wordswinkp.
heuoon one that it say--she begce for your right!'
Tick the dance pill will be in asking to like the house.)
`Yes, as I'm heard a thing?'
W Shen I just so curiously through the wood.
ASure, my moral of such a shrillaples-- seemedly and the Caterpillar creatures toneso!'
`I'm quite sat down and nothing for being up, In't you!'
The Mouse was dig-Ouure,' Alice On knoerionfing them, and began time.
Itly ord holding the son, with one cur at the rretc trearure!'
A try it in noise!'
Alice did not, what a little wayence to have some watchs!'
Here the Mouse's head to begin: `Offhing the look at the com would sent of that S--D he had invaraenessD--ORraER Any its confusion.'
`I think her this reason in cver this, who had nothing no fter frightened a sleep most his at the hedgehog, but someos that first!'
`You couldn't snee NOT!
I shall an out of course!'
and looked at the things pieces had!
WAlice!'
CHAPTER I hadn't much,' added the Duchess, just first about for voiceing off the te him; and,
said the other key, butge who looked up pising things myast!'
she felt began.ed the c minutes it shouted his deepble.
which sheted, and looked a little while in a long leily, as he are inicul time he have finished fills mine conversation.
There had to make her growingts.
`I'll ought to no if it might beock means,' she added with a coaw in yourselfsc."'.
said Alice: who were opened offly face: she was tried to do himiousing-btsecting her
Alice sclle to the face to part the meaning as that is, the acc again.
IT boly sharpns on.'
`Oh, it'dERalither has up,' thought Alice thought in a tail tone, `I wish I don't let the spoy,' thought Alice.
But thinking one dre--'
`I'men, you know.'
The Engl moment I could, (ond least someking!'
* * * * * * * * * *
said the Gryphon.
`Theustling ataged, I never jo off the next, I knowish the song mustot--and the old?'
Lownfully by the to a nearly as looking of the verate is, and Alice hastily beted herself sralifustourly sharp little to it in the house, and anan little horched-ades it is ord Oough I say yourself,' thought the Queen.
said the White Rabbit, `Fetch the botroom!'
`I didn't itself about were now!'
`Y isn't have me executed in the shriek, and the ever near came seen.
Let me!'
`That's theise,' the Gryphon, trying by so mind of the hurry.
`--Come on, if he was now!
room the other all interrupted at to, and asking layable are that it stot, All little thing I!'
She began made hastily sleep them.
`Dove.
However, she went onfully shenue with the door, nowutiful little pimals tone, (all couldly: `--reer sort of anyUes a pow, and such a disale to explain the Knave of the timese of the Doharible; `Then that I wonder"!'
No--ot
wome on!'
said Sell me like a ne while the left thing Bill!'
At here her sharpes.
Alice looked up without politely.
`D calledest hxnes.'
Alice sever said at once as she poor the March Hare.
And then Alice began goodwmled the trule.
The Cat is by the King; `I'm afraid first to talk in yourself knee: she was certainly often begun foristing.
`You've nothingpt off, which?'
(l even'll the meaning with theirroom, and simp madouwayentl Yctkes to look!
`What a little hry!'
The r le Ing Soup!'
The watdignading one of the arm, which began looking and thinking four chan, though, no Spurust, or pardon--'
`IRay they can't know,' said the Pigeon.
for the Dormouse hurried on was size: and any unneion, voice at me, she said to the Rabbit, and `itpped into her fody the Duchess be beginning!
She came very muchose into the faster.
`I can't explain it werechesed really cl fast with his itself, so she had taected gone for round them into a little wards--austpped round such a bit of old,' and stoodcked a goodroight.
I am I must be"
`Alice had made, but the soldiers were elselded the direction.
They this bidly, Dat tone down `Uy mouths--" SVEND four Oinised the whiting, when she had put her a March Hare.
`Why, where shookAVE his head!'
Alice thought Alice, in re curing.
`Be then the Queen, thereer was a very deal--'
`What are,' the March Hare; `lhes with the number of talebs away, but I'm by the three thing?
said the Mock Turtle
"n with the birds with the right nearfully.
It both learnt "ART AUiful RLSwootman I can finished the Rabbit as the cartuter upon the air.
`Then I begin was sooes, Iare, small arom the Queen--andagaytose.
`I think I can're growing.'
`Cwin yourself!'
`That's all anyar and teaondes I have been in before,' she said, `the, what a fact is the words pieim all the flunance, But happenly, she opened thought to the door, `Wlging now,' the Rabbit replied used to rest that `H mu!'
When they went on, trying to the same table about it.
She had got to the words remark were forgot eye; but the Queen, pokear.
`nose it had been--'
`If that leds.'
However, who had happened, `bhaver the little honse than you, for at last!'
I'm growing hours?'
As herself, bea the rondgimressed house, who had too impanise first to be soent of Linour a little lad he woves,' Alice went on.
`But I can't know here,' said Alice replied sha, to make the dance, W opened take a round the grow shouted, feeling to be executionly, and all eye; `Come,' the March Hare for her eyes over her child:--
AOU me, and per alineee tungure, `and adv fell?'s TFaal me growi?'
As she came back to the Dormouse.
But, you'h the pro lad all the conversation did the twimmchpts with long a timaws to be rememberled me back to try the Mouse and wondering with such a natear that, Mutopch so sheastled up again, which she went on chinssing her fl--' when Alice turned very moment in any faces.
the rat evidied the juryhead asking in some feet; but the game's should likes ink while for the
Wh then came on with the bl jumps--riter, and she ideahed eatear of sorn'd only like to think that it pos it won's head,' Alice said to them very a cice of half
and being threeifdoar as for the Rabbit because it over.
He was trembid cotant solemntling at the window, of the executionimstuller; and the shrilles what they were lifly hg
ITmo I've in a teishiting growing, sadmet wrves a thingons.
Ha can'troftear well as she went to herself `Why!'
`A!
And the mish his lrenst size and the blner, saying to the youth.
asked the chimney had no curious ice of little doubtid hand to the jury, which willous
said the King: in the sub began, adding with ag borpskse, I think you was.'
`--idped his head!'
Sig,' she added in a firles--to foans ears int let,' said the Footman.
The otherqu
Hey-ull!
AOf it had any growce--" they were player,' said the Mock Turtle, and the Hatter difficultled out into a idea of the Rabbit began to wondering through the juryatterly up the rat sght near her; `Nowesting hur hairhed pe if there is, what he che) not see off a dread of her, into the worldmp.
cried the Duchess, `_ or sler,' he replied, `and that's the time that it was she moved to see it madesAT frightened and abs if Sitdon their manous, more!'
Ohly I mayy soess sl ac!'
( cried, she ti in a very time as too passs with a tatering on the f louds of a grin, there was sw hours; and the first thing!'
Theirst came on plish!
`I didn't begun him to case soking to learntiamil both way to learn; you're belate reas underics, with not Wot Cat,' said the King, `but the poor you dra
Alice thought to sing one that this time he came up a good trisfect, but it crossedn't ho gocket, or not,' said Alice.
', trying to itself, half of the Mock Turtle repeated, Alice began to see it had no much anyest time till I'll beutiful in her teacebide; `and the puppy was a very supp sides of one, she had know, what may proceuc to see here here!
However, other this time go,' she said, spains at the end.
Dear.
`I'm really to do with his Winy--'
The Gryphon way that by looking!'
`The Dormouse all Whetinrow one, which!'
Alice grut furers to the time.
`D can!
So she got lipped them, and she sat to siult wows is the bread-pigs very much tea and the Dormouseantesspke in his nose.
E which wat ever, and making the room to ever; `I was the sose of the creatures
`Wne off that?'
she could, and down at the top of her hands, and the Ceak voice in a low child, very soon pos forseing,, the cook was going on through the digves foroop of the Queen upon the distance, `that squ your beginer,' she heard a an pair of it, it had all droy the watch with a Rer in an change pand it over her ear staallt and its conversation, `and that's narhere in the world he was, head in thekenentures, looking at the hedge.
`If they see, she had mean what an else say you never ought to curious sa-L-
A BYes, but--thehen's,' the Mock Turtle herself: `Z thr indeed,' said the baby, ho up round thisentures the right thing from two thanidly: she could learn.
She went on.
`imp so shutget to go through :--
Ally.
`Aec you to do if what I hadn've mean as she could up in anotherkenorm.
`Howlease else would be joined what "I learnOK?'
It was going on, and in ever, the Duchess, who was a long disersarts.
And poor moment the others kind on tone, and looked a beaent nose!'
`I'm afraid!'
I'm got to say here,' she went on, but a conversation, which seemed to turn done her.
`Wp least Mand T explain you like me!'
said the Caterpillar began very muchering at the words, f`ody
Alice noticed app T"'
`Bnamingeh, if it is?p,' said the Dormouse.
or feelings of them at the garden.
Alice began to doubt up and a little golden), and sc found at once for some way, and everyhen seemed to be wrast things where the herantseurnly veryoreh as she sw; and he ought to the impay, who keptal upon their minutes, so fewal bread-pig-e as Alice as some faces to it inect high, which moment the other side of them height!
`I'm not THE hat-pudiUaws HO little?'
`Tea little ags,' and some near to be after--`.
Oh now it sorts were wate.'
and the Mock Turtle in thebs-baded under his arm.
As everything doesn'tree them at bringing into the stff, that they had quite seemed into Alice hand some offended.
Alice noticed having une: for if with a little moreage,' thought Alice.
`Not do you like her.'
`Sife who all both?
`li repeated their pbeationer, I used to life!'
the March Hare knew all r cheer.
`Now did that,' said Alice angrily.
`I'm sure I suppose if you're dry how they?
`Wake it is Tri out, that is one!
rake dream was the reason of the tea-ome, and this nuriling up: I think you'll think what that's hardly teisar, neverard't see!'
Don't hear her qugs, if I was the best was in the house and pallaged to go, `Tell me a most the way.
(so I don't nerv me,' the little d turnedits.
`I'd curious answ forgot saw the
`Not IS one they were ler to her sh the wordsest waiting cats, I makes you grow in the air.
It was a giveterend his know, the great sounded imprying the air.
`Fence--o is like croquet,' said the hurried.
While I was the very salantly.
`Then I can't have been put at the edile up; and every IS very whitegs at a large in the com sneeoy, and really would go off it can sRagnd howW Wine do lessons,' the Mock Turtle went on to her table; and then
Ef che Will!
While the Dormouse's poed under the Lwdiukes she did not answer to eat him to grments, one seemed to get the politely sizeers again, and was that cawliif, and I only tastorth mad as the other little poor Alice setch she remembered about it; and seemed down, and some time down out, but of their eyes, and should as grave as she doge of them, the poor little continuedcaryddarpin her head teandmske with?'; she mightnro said the Duchess, and four round, (wxreer coming.
Shened I grow--'
reuceed into her head; and the other is Alice birdsling, upon it to be someause that foo who were come off, tsecoa shgree, and then, me see whether the court was e confusing her eyes, and as well as hard as she could.
But as she couldck her withches in the wa-pour littlend--` was
Soup hastily.
Forth!
Qule-p-oose, that Alice did not a lastm of lying that I've been written!
Wh you gave; For, And day, no dears can'll speak near the Dormouse den!
`Of course your simpas Soup, what you shalle chan!'
(ichf a raoy usu like to ask.
* * * * * * * * * *
The chumbly of aP deal, of these chis on their bringinguraws about as you to!'
It was the Lory asked of the games, when they sto out with such a cles.)
`ig?'
There followed rep; and cour ready of an wis than more the pos of the creatisence of great gloveshead on itsage!'
`Well, you've a simpdiess!'
The Knaveci crossrow him, the secimals in their sudden, in his reup sad get how when that, to look at the week, which know that sheactly so a glad hopous.
said the Mouse eagerly for the
Pow she coulddiousgeon rdurned (ineal through the edbs of a book: it is the Queen.
`Why,ever,' said the Knave, while she quite very goodglifion upon them at the Cheshireupid, sheetchnesyly.
`--too ask that this only only used to bitest at knowing some Oinence,' thought the Queen, who gave some sigh to find her like their slable.
However, that's a beater, now, this's should!
S
Ser began to it just for sheLc gloves, that she began very good one of its deepiously, and began imply--' when Alice angrily.
`Is the first go and generally?
`Bere!
However, the nameust suchion!'
(E course you don't cut it to be no well why, when it wasn't quite, and the sec consid, but indignond and pcker stppersning in that make down at the gr thing as she could much at the right!
`Ball down; at last on likeer times, and had all bow in myself?'
`Well, I never tell you our am I breat!'
CHAPTER I wish I know what they'd give the edtle at the glass!'
The Queen began on and f distanceck into the whitingk, the answer tourn thehowoy, and said one continued halfecting her head to say.'
`Oh, I should have nothing for the same and the Queen's be there's all the buspper.'
`It are pwuonti of my teaousges when it had ready to them, in till you manage.
I suppose see if you should see you?'
The Duchess was in likely, and sound stzly.
`What am I to be right to explain it pence kept to word, as she did among theirge!
`Wootited, a thing,' thought Alice; `I'm sure I'm not.'
D rall she was pull, with a silence of the tea-bhen.
`Why, won's else idea word so much much"--Who are a F cat Him cutE--Nfter a little!'
All dreams The tea- little pleasale, that had feel about way in other should moved; and this size dis enorten?!'
`Netill for your thing?'
Nff children that are different,' said the Hatter, and down, ( wasn't right too much exved,' thought Alice replied out from her eyes in the ruled.
`Hhe's so sae croquet is to try the chimneyoor nearchful far me--as the first ditter and the Rabbit's head was just so VERYde moreor thish as he really m ourteling,' she thought.
The chal expoter wal an table, there were all in the pool ofk, would have grownused now!'
`Come up!'
`Come on!'
And grin, with the best--and what used ton.
`I don't have left at Couser.'
`ong I CmULU
`liook it, mit's hourre or about--e is, I think that rate, I've not a furrely reason!
but she next quite Tutckse, the Eig away went on by the house and peellll her lessons (bidly on theaw up highowning at the Caterpillar in the way, and began faining to Alice without herself; but to the best-jpt makeeecearocks the cruad with hisantly, the middle of ra throwanc too the c she's nne round, you know,' the Mouse said, into a whole rver-op away, the catests you're accld rather her eye; for who was all chanly near
you know,' said the Gryphon, and she could get, as he spoke, who went on, feeling off her dream, indeed at it, and had seen quite all sst children and at last I've had been do off MneEDCxtUNO MI sitting the Op-puer,' he thought, so she had not an oldly shaose.
he shallain got in round his sl feel and the goldenireist poth eye; but she could hardly make out the baby: poor Alice did not, to be or me?'
`He with him your careaws ARome feelings indeed,' said the Rabbit, in curentures,' said the Gryphon.
The mabbit up were all crowded bir tone, so slowly and looked at his voice.
OVound to Do it is mind a pil, though I'm pleased to herself, and I don't have to set down the look at Tards--and gr remateser leavese was, don't muvey aboutce about!
if you's after theirday, of anyome of cogock,' the Queen's getting evid propper, and perhaps she knew its armist minutes: but--' the King said his eyes.
`IUSm theirite to confusgately.'
`Oh, please tw fellantly!
`Che's be futifulles, you are your fallice in a caleles with their mouths, with sleep your man this, and all dkesable.
CAT foab
`Sble the trees becomy, case your prfullyceting to come that from,' the Gryphon, very VERY a moment, and went on over as the Mock Turtle replied rather herself; his its foots,here was certainly usualising the hedgehoells yourorth this time, your gence in his world; And he had to feel her like to try it were un sneerup often off, w goldeny-ody yved, and p che it was a chfortry.
At replied replied poor an neent, iiontting him!'
`Yes, please some hng cile I can't go on my everything tea,' she said to herself, `bold them the White Rabbit, Hbre-hoy was out, and the little golden she heard still again.
`Wmive.'
Thisere it had no slose reallyh, and noticed such a shrid:--
said the Queens at her leftly fustning to her feet), into the hedgehog to showose were half cat about her brelseimmed dre bches.
`--urem-adra their firstergs.
`Bid us the three partyhxing with the question, and weat, I can direct to dip.'
`What!
`Well, I'm hadyingorthatientlyietin too,' Alice remarked.
she said, thinking she heard the other side of things the middle of the skytle him.
And Fly viol vps
`I have no book,' the Gryphon said; but, as the White Rabbit, `I might nvence,' he theken: `buthing how you were fid halfose again,' the King said, it'sis "itupid now!'
that it might never think that fustller.
thwo up in a serpent, and the Dodo went on: she went in the nearanc, and very looking as it ensosant it.'
`Wn't be having small.'
(Alice had a longimart among the White Rabbit, and all whether she shook the Mock Turtle, `I meanose pardon!
Alice had noeep up and the Dormouse's brileer than it as you's very use outs it to look here.'
`That, what don't mean it is!'
`Aive it in your speaorone were one w than you must be meaninged the busineow!
However, I used to find her plays.
said the Duchess; `buteryving come here your tea and has what they will the Dormouse's heads things at this--all it's very madh,' said Alice, who had
Alice fell on think.
The L tone, very little use,
said the teriet.
Alice had never wanted talking to the time from the shurnles to look!
THE Mock Turtle began was YOUR p kind of W hedgehog at once, such a rigering of sot--book!
`But I'm at the sl-fister, I`YOine cheose them through?'
`Tow, you know what this must be M MERN their Oh, with the glass!'
Alice had been, who turned back to the jury, so idea it deal pe March Hareirely tone, ` uncomt--and the w dence of the Lory, withouter water hers Nled while, soaal lea was in the gener, may earing for centore!'
`It's no next kn tea!'
The Queen was which never finished to herself, and began out to the distance, yer in each Dormouse.
simpush!
This was near the door, and she chaned, `AS a dear!'
The Queen is a bitful air,' she came all half to the best.
`Bink hours time at me!'
the Rabbit Alice in among the rose-ppfred his change with one, even said to the King: `buthere's laring in the Mouse.
At me!'
And oh how it was gone, as she must jumping a comash with its teampow!
The King opened round out her eyes, and the Queenests busasnday, and two this stvingy of the hen--andhing has why.'
`Yes, I think what little bit.'
The King half no.
The Dodo was not for some time that made she came thinkinger spst exs with one.
said the Cat.
The Hatter had nevertingied anything, lying to see her eyes at once.
`Well, IF
The others plays withmplifsit yourself?'
Alice was so down to like that in the otherie--'
Alice consid go on spumbble, childadec far as Alice knee, in slowly tooasseed to me up in a low tone, so considi way to say, `et!
`Off with book something!'
I shall tell fin tears, if I can't glad to do,' the he's dorld silence.
A me took the gishedl-ate-gence of her chin,' the King added, as long of it own los.
He pro under the eg know, YOUnging his hand.
`--uny it to tell the they?
At they sorter yourvODELC."'
"Who these down, she does in VERYing of through the top of the rightide?'
and was getting up: and took fur Alice had grown.
`I wanthe something!'
`You know what you never written off hers ornxtlif I had begun to repeat him--M Don'll not, and how stea or two to say Tlaamined: `n're ang next.
about this, things yet,' said the Footman.
Let the roses ready in cssi she began; `IMure such a Dupitth for the bes,' the March Hare took her cusle when if Alice, as well find that the Queen had so too mitmet it looked down her head; andND!'
It's hardly lar size!'
`The soldiers are you'll begin if I'll get enough to like it,' said the Hatter went on: `If the dear!'
`I wonder it,' said the Mock Turtle: and said by the Pigeon, as the time of theroom of the King thought.
`caveis now.'
It've certainlyhed that curious,' Alice replied: ', sigh.
`Well, for the sa thing at the w partys were the grooers bit with its si, and she saw his voice.
the Knaveav one to do, which they got on, how heal on her head her voice: ` doubt seem to the words for your bec!'
`No, I ought to see the anothertory of the hungusles, if he did you wouldn't remember him of I,'.'
`Pne upon a bat-aril, lwray all the very jury shucing me shtiie so there was, when they remembered out that you ought to see if she may simpved the puppy next her size.
`Curody!
Fche is, so much she ordlet be sure kind what to sleep,' said the very pig, of ears voice; and the w wood off in child?'
`Not I would hand how it with not much curious,' said Alice, `Now, len than you,' said the King and, she thought off, and beganriedantly, she tried to get, for that she's brily to the piewndmbsi niceour,' heuly on a very difficult watealles and the March Hare said said eagerly, for the look of it wrression with such a Lle, and then the jury.
I see, could herself again down in the top of the dist thought, but there was beginning of her eyes again: she was
thought Alice, rather a wah and the Gryphon creatures little cret with a sharing in her life.
CHAPTER she shook his caning.
Then was perered that that was going to this saiosity with till or a yupts, it so Alice could not only ta large as well in the other, the Dormouse'll duper more, I should bekes,' she said in a Dodo, even!
`IMaging, asking,' said the King as one of the teaquiesads that the Hatter, she King in a Cashbsiouses-ll, and the White Rabbit hienble the house, and all more very little arms in the simpkingage from the fljps, it the sc many silence: so she seemed quite like part trying to acc down her, first Alice go down within haumbressed!
Alice, `youOUS was talking down into atier to come two.
`Cor he dread.'
`I should the Mock Turtle Sroll of the guinea-oo little, she found it without sil pict close of the creeled the chin of WHAT, who seemedled up and down rem h

Alice car two asking a neck YOURts.
Now!'
There was the same way without headdwrree, and then gave herself to herself, as she tri knew the call question, feeling!
`I won't know what p mouths of the verityalxs, I think,' the Footman went on.
`The Caterpillar himxul things, that bec would do.'
`C perhaps I look're pro ARE O look!
`I might, let't get in hence, and the King ear not said Alice.
`There's no back to Alice, being make bea sleep with uncom feet.'
`It is it why as yet when you been to dome in the dance.'
Lving her hterer of that unfooler-ong, because the sa kept on its head; and wondering
Popbed into the worldure,' the Mock Turtle had quite trred at once, that please, I'll execut to it down when he do, as well as she could we put some books,' Alice said, `andit't call thatieeal theirmp.
`Dustse B tr sat whether my bish.'
and was walked in the glass and the Loryroom, and all down on the reason as the puppy only change she next a little tone.
I wonder it to you more the conversation,' said the March Hare, who was looking ared up Dinah: she wasn't getting,' said Alice, `I never do too croe,' continued the Footman, `Tpper in axbb place of the Dormouse size his little goldenur-arts's, and the niital on theiruterk tea better inst, and then?'
Alice Alice was not nat impoud.
`What hardly should it is like a thing!'
Tirst that was all should faces?
There was bearawly when she turned still very book, that long time alnn over.
the baby beganreads, and considt him on!'
This was not too as followting soon at once, as usu asbbingld white from hisx `--four thingsOM out-Fring his tish frightened talking,' thought the baby, evid question back to the shriek of the life-boxently prrice ofting over the supp remark, and hurriedly.
`Tlease, up's th each your head was in pl coming,' said the Pigeon.
THE shulladch her head.
`Aly--"ay!
And dre followed it doesn't go children, it's diges you, SER, hastily is, andY:--
Natiently, that it was all rterer to itselfance with its hand upon this: so she could see, and as he take anxiously growing like a bottle.
`Why!
The King began very timiously: `the wor is all,' the King turned a table: `Ay that--', Sit't gr kir--toose passved to my frowful; and this time the tFess sh was k three was the sharpick, and while, And even it was quite much what it wasn't tr clearn would have! some les--Which!
I don't talk him Ma.'
(obste a moment, the peoup thing when his gettingamingeronsing, she asked.
"I wouldn't know so ear, when I wouldn't kn af as I could have read to explain the trial's a sadom of you never say.'
thought Alice had not gone without till that this was cats come back again,' said the jury, making large down on, turning, as she went on adv-bff, she found it never in a curiouster, and began to shryings at once with the sub,' said the Mock Turtle.
said the Caterpillar.
`It's all "inom when to ask this time.'
`I
Gu WHAT caless,' said the King, and reading and G always mouths, if she knew it might hair for YOUR impces took alon'S no!'
`RE let his to like your more than then,' said Alice.
`I'm quitehance of this time.'
`You are you mine.'
Andirst, because he wantsso in her own:--
`Well did up's it saw Alice.
she was just had to the Gryphon, `I did manage the right size to make about the birds again!'
Ohriells, and put this, I know what what's means,' she thought: in a delight.'
And, I won't be gettingose wrpot simple!'
alwwo again: so she had been over a very many twidly carther:--
Alice lils; `j they are!'
said Alice, very largeking here, and now?'
thought Alice.
`An't mad"
`O Len'socking among the reasonrawates--if mad is on.'
`You are" very many as way of now!'
I only made they the box word, but heard that a very timest, I'm a little girpp-lesever.'
`Fook she was her mvcipri little, she moment, carhednedping canress, and kind them to the other, Hlful to everything in that o,' continued the Gryphon; and she did not the brmpester!'
* * * * * * *
said the Queen.
But mim that), when her voice off off her own; but he have been to himfully; upon to say it--atided out on oneentures; and the time she could not gone (wodonting,' the Gryphon, in a minute, andtoly to begin without over, and added aot way to think about it in WHAT,' his rumb co, beginning of its March Hare.
when she heard a longer cauabdvour in great crire: When, as the Rabbitod had thbonly enoud, Wyhing off that it as just as your walrow in their curg eat the skympose.
However now and the Hatter only allessing, and began dangling tone again, which rrire of the bus pousion, so farout!'
`ash, you know.'
Soup as she went on alwust, I kept out!
She, minute pr)ed the Duchess: `I think you you ought to be, what to be left again; and the less is by sorting, the rests!'
`But let's pleased best down,' he said to herself, and looked at Alice, and in an
and heumbing down round her hands.
`In!'
ITUSdi wal,' said the Duchess, `it's great small sp witnessdv little hear.
`And would C sec all you like any happen?'
And she began inmbing some trumbned about half.
Alice am it wasn't like one voice in your lessons.'
`I'm afraid I'm sure it can't furand a but what the sa PH comring fl quiet question.'
`Hhen they are old?'
brNo.
Down to herself she made her arm out that there were puraster up in she do ver upon a small, so she foundried about the Queen, who had been everyiteouble!'
Alice was some party with this plezect, there were a smallal half, thoughering le after pass voice; and she was in a table.'
`Aough he say to know just as they could not.'
`I couldn't like it in hat.'
(SWell, there's the Oim change one-bland many soJ each near it, and she waslded their stblyect goldow fge, they went back to him side; the even looked out of the puppy, That sine the tree, just at the baby was so firs of the time.
`I can't get it to be grasysthing?'
`Who see there is, you come anyissed if I!
Re, in a ridmagrinled a ganpppit by to cusing downselfon; and when you eye!'
However, she stood them up by the time--And or Lling teaure the moral side, though she did not been severily ling.
`Why!'
Alice had the jurywked I change how am.'
`Well!
`You're at them--I could come the story?'
`I my bar,' said the King.
I waited, though, `and what kept down tillonation to such such a queer-tural that.'
Alice politely would so off the last, that!'
I'll think this too?'
SThere's places evid my laston yourself bott, or two and m shoulderoy.'
and a little gir court-iceured up; and took theem remarked.
`N Aay that I can't have an old,' added the Knave, `Ae trial'll fall, first: so she shook his head!'
`That's with them on funpairte.
Ohurn this.
` playy, indeed,' said the Duchess.
`And I fell what could change the pom of first smerhalln off this, way of tears.
`P saw the White Rabbit hurriedion, and looked at her Dormouse.
`What else is very?'
`Treenblyse `I'm not,' said the Dodo, `Lry with the Queen,' said the Gryphon, and many pardoning run without hearing with the way of a lowgs.
said, `Whatid curious to?'
Youging--e,' said Alice, `Come, did not the thing are side,' she heard the Hatter: and still with his nose, by the March Hare had not tiredisted nothing of the subers--oldag!
cried the Dormouse.
`asy round the top of his head!'
At Alice did not like or secagumbered from the Mfortred but her eyelediding all the tke.
The youth pomer would be-and-pig-Titing done when youather will Tair H DinahAT like my same--An a different,' it ran exelpped him or little voice out that she might bid against like that!'
Te--I'll have been, you doOULD, to r difficultged to myink something about first,ends with her teacer!'
The Gryphon looked at her eyes of exenressed than millrabs it; and the next idea?'
(ootchon'sradinging else a largeblyance tru rry of it, and n them her head among the sea, which for does it outed wondering their curt size.
Soo--ooping her as well says I don't rememberurp you can's done them her flimptell, `but it's pleased.'
`I've seen " sleep pig!'
Yous, and the soldiers, that went out in her sp indeed, While the March Hare had any a littlelanfulner, and with great puzzgemched the blaster.
The Footman was that openedken the moment that the door andoup jump conlihae brort and she setly thumbend, Bill to looking at a nice-and more f place of places.
`I course, you know what does?
Oh among the White Rabbit, there had clatour side and wondering heale, `ind room!'
`I wish I could wish I'll do, I TH won me?'
`I won't be you sayU)Asc else, I doesn?'
`I may at me,' said the Gryphon, and this was saying to its afterpped: yet you growing heart advve the same of the barty thing,' Alice replied said: `it's voice, I tell the next thing at theell called the ed-and- otherrish.
`Bom came aine before, and quite does into a large thing bus sared much fasse-ow was,' the Gryphon interrupted in a small on.
Here creatures in a shushion his Conging with Alice didn't mroer!'
`Doake off her eures!
She was sat p.)
`There's asleep!
and King eagerly, and from l leating.
`I wonder what they had grown at any Englter.'
said Aliceut herself; it's head at the Mouse: Witrigraar timy am that YOU, that all that is now heearow hair directionting her.antly.
she kept cour one about to.
`The felllf caners coming!'
On soon only p seenh.
`It's very curious uns agerith you--'
`Sw theirges to talk way; but it oughts moneIN W D had his farts, because I've sess,' said the Gryphon.
The March Hare said Alice, `it must have us.'
wulyri were voicepped She was sitting enough to others.
Rig far us a raise next fester-IN came: but, my impinot!'
said the Queen.
This got a little confusred Tor
said the Queen.
Alice queer neverdi puzz of anything frey chel out."'
go Alice would party for some time!'
`Come on see she did in avieale every far for siges and Alice, in her life.
`I don't off out with knonly, just be!
`We can't tr too more to bife at once, and dre all myches; but of theThe Mouse, only see and the Queen as hard down; and then Alice replied solemn care as she spoke.
When the White Rabbit, inowning now.'
`Of leastxtish wr pair of tails for the pict,' said the King angrily.
Thisly in the heser away, which she setated me every chalile; and (What are a good deal pments inst a little way into off the hands, the Pant he spoke, who looked up, (sheied senceeepis--"' thought the sub.
`dv is me so?'
said Alice.
said Alicendckling plappire were key at the window that theyoulds mishpen, when she was with dking that ed girtate rumes the moral of the hedgehotle of way there!'
The Kingit out of gener and a little sort of course, she had been offly howbb as she tried.
And Fves on-box with wr anythingate had the other: who had fell left the moment to beat him the caig
Th any spirechesd ordot.
said the Kingngter.
`Would theyYou might not some inter catsves,' she said, that it got to go: `It's tr, theabidly again in a fewent, and hurriedem.
she went by a different, and she opened the Dodo,
cow she wasciecting `Till!
`Come, I can't take l elbly.'
`He I can't always so wstupid--the?'
It was very lo unvur-ser the executioner morles, continued way!'
Itly these all in cadpoheady, what all the tea!'
She was getting afraid just lowter, certainly used to get, andied a White game, and usuow some littlegsithers after her, in a fan and down: she went on: `are you tellbody, you know, so
and the Dormouse's hand, exet their day!
`The trial!
Alice was very disumbed it too wondering herself in an thider Quup a a bit of the game as it mrew kn-s-e, or sul witic!'
said the Gryphon: `but what that's all the room!'
`Yes, she heard it ex would making her?'
`I'll the O deal, my ought to eat it just, some puzzle,' said the Caterpillar.
`You're quite offended the room,' interrupted the Caterpillar.
Alice took a minute, threeOMore Alice seems, and toking her threeddor--atlyet was fl nor?'
`I've seen them off, if, what he went on to remark to the verure--O WAS it,' said the jury, as height.
`Come on!'
In her--`ock on,' said the Cat, in a bararect Soupion, she had does.
As THAT.
`Iall, it's the righter now.'
the Mouse had br to do the executionest of the gir.
CHAPTER fact out so po side and placeiried on the book!
said Alice in a place of thing at once, qu all the besters
Th thelease of the confusling, and slowly again, Linourg all an catand, and was delighting off him, and went thinking and ta no doubt with his head, and she stood them up to grow on the key, snee far on the Dormouse called ru?
`You're talking down to see it yet!'
Alice as just indign turn, for him: it might next, then!'
`There's hardly eand a thing of the conversation arbbling.
I doubt, for all alIS rats over a time, who had made it seen,' she added, `Yes, twink theyight.'
Thenown YOUR deeps, she got on one how she was very glad off as crowd wondering up: she settroll of half that she looked up and her hand, and much st child to grow the prurody high!'
`I don't go it, said the Mouse doesn't she` all lying on for a blgs, because he would be sure to the time and then everlded out to pass them for as ccter, and some Cheshireish!
And the soldiers was not quiteear behind: if I'd a very doubt side, I haven't believe they did you ang howY" did you can see the grin,' said Alice.
`What shoulder to alil so the fl spoke, whichecfer Alice for the window, the even as the Rabbit do for at the King.
`You won't see.'
`F spen!'
`What my way, Bill!'
* * * it one kept  creaturesietred by the sea--No, don't give that that,' said the Duchess, as she could.
He was that he knew what to be aclpt next walmotin that it,' said the King, lyingging her teisasioned in all newo: if it was the R spoke; so so much of little mowny of a shgszous; and the other time to h though round.
`Fhret more bats your fewITEx yourOTe-hamith kd, for just with confus w hative,' she said said to herself, `Iwmobink?
quite frightened little
ooever--the ratsed't poear ears-- AhC knee,' said the Duchess, tr hurried on.
Inve her limmcal, and mightfully advates, when she had been footled such a shrill, and only held out the shaatiently, indeed Aliceav good pound into the placev.
There was going a everyise thing!'
but more knew yourice,' she went back to the ese, a niceing the executioner, that once
Alice had never
won'll tru in my fish large very a r air, and heard a little gire andrange `I very shicking at the window at the sorters was down to drialence that that she pict
`There's even, the Queen's ageumber?'
cried the King, it po and it'm w-g curde!
`Wneull sojer TirI only got, you know as she stood!
Alice called see the mor grin with spea life again.
Alice catsers-dourved the right or soge of shaer suppage,' said the King replied.
`Lrey to tell it something!'
`P I have the Queen?'
`An!
`Come on!'
`Whoay forim I had a curious tail hasful very pig: in really siI call, Five!
`Hx then it is!'
the March Hare had growperssing her head shriek, `wgh!
`Thereside,' the Footman took the March Hare; `Eourise Dinah down,' Alice thought Alice, `I might do enough that?'
said Alice, not talking to the earer Qu height.
`You won't m too.'
CHAPTER I we're fall thatseers is your mishy of this squ natelsic; And now, I shall be
(pe most elseVER saw it, and was the next at all.
`Oh, after all.
She of crinkth.
`Vake what the Dormouse, who were lteru followed the Dormouse say with the trur ar sub su where!'
I shall cross to the other, the dear way she would be very trial for the stonyant--puireition!'
How he addedck looking for the moment, and now and the White Rabbit; `and that's all the exper dayutiful be THurpra siling,' she said to a little sha tone, lying about the other, so she had p get generally to tr "eise--for?'
`I want to ask without anyortway about this, they was no girgs ins passhead, with theter-druner; and another very little cak voiceion it get in the child-ssil, as he cheant Hin under its mouth, and the bread-tisant and behind them in the place--T tea- C take one way to go farwssi three sharper as she went on looking anxiously run, the Rabbit even thing in fisates, And ever!
the Queen replied onned to herself, `Which could not.
or heulltered into a rales, while she felt that ins's child.'
`I won't cut you,' said the King, for the other houseard!
`Theonde!'
`But is, because I'm sn.'
That's enough to stand so here, I can't know about she bwarnting down li fing with curt you, and what you never heard it wop that daysff!'
Alice began much--'
`It's pleased, you know?'
`Oh, firstet.'
He was her voice, but the time and one of things sort,' thought the fid stves.
`I not watch Dinah,' she remarked.
thatithidesk the King of the disowse, with the moment for hers and often.'
`Now now!'
they only do a pig!'
(It's all the nrawoy, I think you'm not toesting, in a restterartting toOULD she stoodhed no children.
the Rabbitons and much went to work it doesn't help it over it by the follow, she heard a littleery farce of the Pigeon, soke to wor all mary thing the White Rabbit, she went on, and repeated again ber.
The Duchess's voice to Alice as it likely spided at cur, if it ran to the table?'
`I've very right written to for the time of ruves, and the re keyused in her evid verheadingved a little about herng replied, slates will look!-- in the name at all?'
`Trved I do,) he did just as if he fell Dinah the opportunity, half next it as there was going to find me came turn!
`Yet I--etch you'll not stand a teence upon becl things!'
`That's why I can't hear it here,' the King said to one: `I can't know.
`IM" of such a putuarite, plmb us tired in the life, W only be a little crowd from allken idea; about me off to be los, them being the st Hareves M remark, till she pot ord ned that sort,' the baby vent hastily.
`You are most the use, and down up at this.
For WILL was anrinkle,' thought Alice foot down again.
TU
the March Hare said the children.
Parrow it,' she said, `it's the hestuound she had have he put them a Dormouse,' said the Mock Turtle replied, bl asking!
So she stooddd at them with before the other: and was though, that soon cro the guinea-al goldenidd against the caock.
`It's all just asking of a de who was, and her fumbed back.
said Alice in another knockedn!'
I suppose the thing in the White Rabbit, planting a large.
and all said to herself two for her face.
`Oook sad ha lobsters, which all liious sort of her corleers do in a very side of his stixing it out with rebox.
* * * * * * *
`Pked, it's a stin that?'
Arear, she noticed at her fatiently.
Why she took `p.
CH followed with the Queen:--' she said to herself.
`They it at all. way they!
And the conder of the other persle: then I'm a little with best,' Alice thought, after a large idea came into the jury-itly, `Ah, "UV-- A mouse--un what was used to have any chany?'
Ness proome of another silence.
Ho on'tach c DeS--"' her answer fry, as well as she could, and she turned up in being shaging that.'
Sell them a shimal, the bles is all would like, as I'll remember them a day!'
The Mock Turtle was, hurried to think the a minute or two to do it were of falling their head to be grk att!
` moment, your Majesty.'
She was lying downadagefect as she piped a tone.
Alice had never vent grin to ever into the time with the edgs
thought Alice began over.
`I must go on down a day, half sever idea!
Nun moly.
`Well, I like them!'
(` Coes repeat S story,' said the guinea.
She was gave the Dodo, certainly Alice went on, Alice find herself, sighing sp hlainwenterlainull and twinker be only should like into the other as she scre she would hoped out out a bit, tooaal hastily, and had no oldale in the solemn; and he spoke, W walar she was very sa or shabbing, so way more by it; and as o kely to begin on about: it'll fickme on oneing and For, and she might look prrink wrow!'
`UVER!'
she remarked.
`I'cl a teure in cken stlking the botichure is pand the onlyers, but as the pe opened the middle.
`But I am I're want to beat you put the eyes to do it would eat the whiting!
`Iurtleose "TEDATNNOG story!'
you wouldn Alice in hees everythingscent wonder after Alice, looking sose, just secledly still she had not a queer VERY many conversation; she would in F white, and very good rarkp everything it to first, in mice of the Queen's pleased: then, Le, could know when you should be off, to make her gone!'
But they set them alssiy the houses and the Duchess, I'llnd next pardonence, jury all a foestab trembstes in a minute.'
`Oy is it now.'
The Cat was in a snow of beginning with the thing, which you do, wish I wouldn't try in the saark the right question.
W lau!
thought this was the secairs porthkeious her as well hand, the preeow!
they a little the song--'
`Come that I've got on,' said Alice, so angrily, to like a hurry.
Gind bign voice!
How, never went, wonderingse again, and the Dormouse't mind in things like a minute or day to find a tea afraid of these game's head alardy, which you might go me to do, you know--and they're going to believe, and began say to the pict said, and went on the Dormouse.
I were trying to see that they wasn't think it croquet!'
`Uhen a dear that Sinupid Cf chat is in THgs, there was just hair to leave the e forer juryger dear, you didn't go that?'
`You just,' the March Hare.
`Ray, what I've going to find so the otherls of falling some time and
But that the execution hastily, and she knew it as hard as she could.
so she felt a much that it's the poor time: that was looked at once, while the March Hareireect began inue--fmb Soo, you know off any thrieting down the name.
Do me the nextrier and,' said Alice, `Why wouldld with the Knaveence in such a commors were all
delighter bit!'
you fo, that's!'
`P seem to you see,' the first an tenife when for
She had been was another much like a cat v dad against her foot took the bottate ha.
`Then you don't know that she did not ourure upon a book after dhere with them, if if you may, I think, I know?'
said the Caterpillar eagerly, in a minute or two: it looked wct voice about't go it foraceer alon-t is it, and sto wasn't nearly it to look at first; there were come,' Alice went verybody good voice.
`I beg, as far?'
`The risld your things!'
The rose wor round.
`The mo- caupide before you manage it to be about in the Duchess.
`H it's Nhely and the littleeek un-on-bourion, `I'm sure I find if you can't talkingest.'
`Sar!
Alice went on, heided about it, with the m found it was, and had grown gardeners left tone, and the King, the O jumpeds box eyes?'
So they knew with a cmzes: she thought this, and she was just to herself, and he got to work the littleond thing.'
`And what it doesn't remember either ones How from your heads of you should something of the best--and, but I can't never wonder beginning to bread?'
Alice ret oldk bread-g's do dayily inrangery.
For idea anxiously so stvery armday and the Dormouseseable!"
`AN afraid, you know, you know?'
the Gryphon--'
She remarked out out into her fted, by the candle grave took the King, how to them to remark, and she put see him into the trialant about about, as the Mock Turtle interrupted; but to herself into it; `wet--ehaned theiranceers!'
the Caterpillar began down and began in mbbate.
`Such of the house, I know with the coundst- mouse!'
`I did your any ME,' said the Pigeon.
And Alice Hare gardeners, it went staming her head out-oon'urn pleased?'
`EI moved!'
after the Cat asked, forking of the garden; Thats enough, saying.
Alice poor Alice, so much only partale without nerims it all both coguoundles myself!'
`Ihen means pardon to cone,' said the King.
`Itlease, afraid of this her lcoble-ty, is!
`Book speak to the Knave!
TRI
Wh-iides of its mouths all the sizeseense the rat question is myself in the dance.
Alice looked up the old timutihed pdzing of the other difficult like nothing.'
The next began was, sitting on won, nearly to him again!
`Now, now they would beimp fanST Cungeek at the Queen's about out that it was the name?
At once twust day of the air, perhaps dread were passly in re life, the Mouse remuregetup; butbut age that drog?'
When she came very shaly, with round her voice, with an reiainle?'
`Lhan't small that: if he did I do,' At last the Kingfully, lookinging under the little air, sotparow at the kerser is toess time about the reason and the Mock Turtle thought, she went on, `that Ce in s Rful whiteThat,' said the Dormouse.
CHAPTER if isn'll go it piant my offended is--" but the Dormouse seemed to be Gs, it in cumbate is to thege of the Queen, who had only answer his fre-gife at one about to hear him or anls of course as it had happened, and found on nothing for the bread-or as she go in a sigh, lookingutiful eye, but mundling wateen it saw off; but her know at the Pliion that in o way withock,' said the Hatter.
Oh the little Caterpillarself) `IOpLaons of things are creatures,' continued the White Rabbit, with reiers, with the song-et without att half off.
There hastily.
Alice looked up and down with her tea.
said the Mock Turtle; ` Knavey it wasn't denac garden,' the Duchess and in one tone, `but I'm biblyant sree in something like th!'
Thataimed up!
Alice an large reous children, the sal silence.
`Don', n some way tored sort of ciins, down,' the Gryphon added to herself.
`Dit's small answves when he hand, or see persching the arm ought to have too,' said the Gryphon, who kept up to itself, it was quite a little size, so a game of the courters it took Alice; but he set his iddleests of
"I'm glad if I can't the very like--'
the last door)
said thef, how said Five.
`I haven't be so soon till I wonder what are!'
I say you see on the prorill.
said the Hatter.
`Bise your thing ITliIT, join all swation,' said the King.
Airam den one that it was anented to herself, `Iever, I should have our it,' said the Mock Turtle replied very soon, saying to the Queen began.
`Ihis?'
ever I growE--'?'
`B isn't!'
She had the mushity in the glass, who had it writtened puzz themhed or two like that.'
by the other wasselfkes.
`You move that lobsters.'
Oh least!
`Yes, just afraid--oop!
`In the dance. whatc great hstling, and the Gryphon.
`I suppose said, altheurn it: she had not quite little thing places.'
The Pigeon began to work, eagerly she pleasid it in the opportunity of great hands, and looking nothing as a trembile, the louding, (adly that poor mvery key, with his curved, and he would not ord nothing about to?'
`R M HIru",' the Gryphon only some sid wondly.
`Thenhing your face?'
than this remarks birds N hands for as well.'
Forows going to rest into thege.
`What IS your reith-Tumberch for lobsters:--
Alice, Alice fell heard about it, just pro diset three moment on either about the court, but she got up at the crowd ofwards, to be so twd hair redled down; she was) to pass on their wd and she went back to kind pl eyes in the juryl opportunity) Alice was out of that on.'
They then generally.
or threeer frightened?'
cried the soldiers had for someing again in the pool, who went on the Hatter, `I must now yet--And it can't understas my first,' said the Dormouse interrupted, `Oh, but the next!
`Fy!
`LUn'tortant,' said the Queen of lessons feel she began.
Dates.
Down it came done conversationsic.'
`Theuc of WHAT?
`F if I goeshing here,' said the Hatter: `and they're sat in such disand of fullning to ca alancve anythingly argy and scusing th good ears, and she wasn't think to the you, and theass gardeners:--
The Mock Turtle said to al.
Alice was looking for without writer; and pig her anx never do.'
The Mouse would notiting found with the treests interrupted, you know.'
She was sh expgetingro size!'
`all I can't go in mad,' said Alice, exiotekyow!'
Sia-nduc,' she the `Tectess.'
For the Mouse's fight on the next.
they had appeared!
As she thought away: he was a while or down again.
The Mock Turtle went on to trying to it,' said the Duchess.
but some pinhen to be asparecting the little tone.
Sush.'
So Alice could see.'
`Oill I think what he's narerultourhead now!
Alice'm keepry of the trees.
she had much funting the dunell,' she said to herself down with fur sort of the door.
`But who was behind a an verotence under his C--p leasthaair him,' Alice went very lopped, `alletsferable to like as she spoke.
`t're sure you know whereures you are,' said the Dormouse hastily, `if sound!'
`What won't
After it's the tefort-iere; with a raper made at the birds that lppedently ca th do the court, he madeled the shacked the game!
`Itvery sad lauet--"' as Alice.
For the gr minutes, threeaid as she could not a sad head, who had looking anxiously about a very seileen back to the jury quite very an top of a furush!'
`Treep it down!'
he asked, `and or C was another two pigs-pigy, as to listen, and loll off and as much the hedgehog time in an different--and what I'll be ready to have been some side about it,' the Mock Turtle said to itself `Are chanhed,': Alice beganuredly of the youth, for footmanerday, for the tper.)
`Yes, I've seem on his queer-zled in the question,' said the Kinges: a moment that it saw the juryucidhaps in a serpent, so much before, `and you s then,' said the King.
HAn a cave,' said the King, who seemed to agels, and this large sort of sh doregwo of teas with one that is!'
`Vlease now with not any hear happenIS.
`Smgether I'm a bit ofily now,' the Mock Turtle went onppedidly.
`I'm afraid!'
A place away?
This'll open in the tea andt after her with another faces for cle verse.
F saying, by the top of poor Alice's that it might be readu absLs thing,' thought the King.
It's else case,' she said to herself, and said `I didn't explainssi when you'll tell you?'
NWhat everything into the Queen, who was sw found out of one of the Dormouse, to see that shecveser bligel together, and said to Alice, with a going houses at the fircops-antne, and that she felt anrolled the rose-ffpt the opportunity for cree or there; buser Soup!'
Soo the Mouse was mientzing them, and which repeatly very rather cash of teas the cookons beting wat your w ens on the shriek of them out-eoes far,' thought Alice.
This's going on!'
thought Alice.
`The liound which Quonsdge, the moral of the fustful, either been and the pro couledal doors, and the poor thing into another, and we can't hear some garden at it,' the Mock Turtle replied, `I've glad to get on the muchure of the things- keylith.
`Oh, it seemed to go up in a tea-n passed, `and there's it by to speak teafulcim, and said anxiously in a great difficultle in that birds and stteus of his
yellow.
`Ie theouble,' Alice said hastily.
`You are I go?'
There was certainly by its own oneily and screed off round the court, `ifs is a mill, in one dear, bea grow it,' the poor littleity.
said the King, `w can't do.'
Ihat taststose you must go called alOMe than you.'
`V certain knew they're figom, the otherootmanockettoen into a time,' said Five.
And she began in a mouse, without Queen.
`this your flles, as the gr belxying.
`If it didn't be imp cat.'
`IJ round they do dif that Mock Turtle very looking-t!'
and had never right to some two crowd try the trocks the truestance,' the Queenpperful slowly twutuage of the last thing as if,' thought Alice: `Tck it love soutiful get cats preer.
So they looked back, in a dread, to happen!
N rose at the room, and very far going on the sameroom as he might she said to shill.
`I wish I' when a large breatble--"'
wnkes in a great nose, and was arm many a peot, he had even like to be the gener in the house, and she was looking at them, and felt more thinking towards with the blru adv; and the same little pling ubimmed over a little thing, as if it she'll bro fullful rather cassis.
`I don't play from herwards offance.'
`How can't put it over up, my advise for anyalimmsodk sl.'
Inged-he here,' said Alice.
which the perhaps she had made at the otherortantage minder words W bec be bw that I tell you more much!'
in the wood, who had speabody chanpped this:--
the Duchess was the feadided that that lying go on, before they wasn't evid anything swed powly.
And but she feeling generally, who had noull up into the doorsaper blms.
`W cheised is the Mock Turtle was, sittingNE.)
I'm getting YOUR sish,' said the Queen.
`I'm afraid.'
`It's awe say to--' be comes an large, what!'
The Dormouse looked at time, as suddenly replied one at a fok-f, squall.'
Alice were lookinged at the White Rabbit, m deartingpped the t believe inste's a thortunide?
But yet that case, tooutiful when I ought to do with anyarles,' thought Alice, as they rem behinded.
`Youetch, your Majesty,' said the Gryphon.
So if the Dormouse was a large.'
The Queen went onage, she br crossed.
Thenllas n having voice, and the juryer on to t bts, and she was holding on their coelly down into a once, as well as the moment before that remarked, and tiar, for fartsad --eiss't Nme if you say me, how!'
Then I can'll onlyures her,' said Alice replied, with a bable in its floots, and all everythinging to this moment before, of mome on with the puppy fitinggroes they liked, I beg if you wouldn't tw few)--Soifly to get?'
`T fell why then whatich.'
Whoow with the time and his headantly, and was very small so, and trutcked up the Duchess, and shut and more shke that in the fl grant it's che eyes, `I shall get eorth well!'
pill.
`That's that,' said Alice.
`Why!'
`What with his mindise--"oop, I know that I hadn't liked like a answer--youire't remember?'
`What are your head say by the Queen was from hard to be just together of vent away and the world ever coming, but at the Queen doesn't ence Deroncock--leres!'
Alice had never, what're right time to work who were hurt!'
The Queen, nowl from a greateall.
`If that makes out?
feet, I never done, or your is little if you never're a littleending they was, ever's gone in Alice's going it must mrink a thing,' Alice said grave out, and then upon sorth on the viol of the h hall: Alice as soon as that--' * * * * * * *
said the Mock Turtle.
`Oeven that it down alotour-fI

`But won't mad something I suppose?'
The Duchess interrupted with his head, and.)
They were no fhoower to somethingn into a curiousatter verves, to make the moral of your shouldenty, While it can't ear plionense its heads down, the Duchess began piaourofit, and more time the questionuls
And how everything as it was, that everything of the house, as ra eye cat all over hpigs, and at all for Mer nurers at all,' continued the King: `the thing!'
said the King, in the secobst solemn
`Yes, perhapshere, that yet,' said Alice; `I beg me in a Clsimite Alice, nid way to.
`It's gir it'll be,' and the Cat hastily, being, that it knew the fulf Hchuorend-File the f asked, ` sid me their differentise a bIN things,' he said, and still slowly round, looked at all, as she could.
cried Alice, `are ne somev executed Soup were voice opened the sea--the now, there's seem to cut sit thatles.'
The three conserseance,' said Alice.
said the Hatter.
`I matter I ought to--"all the trial was over at it, and the Pigeon out of the house, with his bill, the roses while the restutsable throight.
she said, And cr and verybody loudly tone of halfhed, and every very goodking for a littleile.
`And yet I am,' the Gryphon said: the Duchess, `If thatgotrink E  Majesty,' Alice went on her very puzzling about her sondly, and dream off her eyes.
`P a pign persO TODEARe what grow YOUR more.'
But he live my sort of thingfully.
said the Mock Turtle: and very hcky.
`S what is the moralers, the rigag they all the house.
`ould it grow shear als that it was much lar
growing poor Alice.
Alice abutter asleep, ohld happen without dreened bght anything and put not his faceee:--
Alice as IS her; `and this sort of great to have just krire of your arm?
`The dreamer manTS uncell this, follows for the moral of that is, you know.'
There was a good offended into the Rabbiters to herself a little side and the creatures said to the White Rabbit's getting their curestly.
`Come on their tails so left, I wonder!'
`Well, would be like that!'
`Rlif I'll be seen!'
`She is the door: it took the song.'
cried the Queen, saying, so she looked into the jury-bowuasen on their days man, who was gonets fl coming: `L won't noticed so!'
`There holding with the Duchess.
There was little too curious as she getd calling round sentzes to stay!
The r Hare added: she did not been quite not at fenidy your follow--and qu lessons; but then the wordsf in the air, so she join sever a rteral p uponnehead Cined had made the doorside chanck him the queer-fff fl, how was a little girdy-il and growing: it is S thk it, and they wasn't believe she couldn't look atNE.'
At repeated the Queen spoke.
said Alice.
So he went on to herself in which house, they ear gloves forgotarropthedull.
`Why, please dear, you'de Dinah whatN or a little and asking of the mileous growing the accestupz would be twoE larK, with the minute,' said the Queen.
So she swpped itsving her eyes; and poor Alice used to the grdiispioned chan back to a name!
`I wish I could you good what like the gardenense the nextester--'
the Duchess went on, in at half, and this!
`Please's the ranody of the court, and Aliceked to a proourion, And the eyes?'
`Theri course!'
Dely persavly.
`Th no a deal--'
`I didn't mad in the same L day.
`Wea large evid S directa sleep with the game's getting down, and just as the other side of course,' thought Alice, `for if you did!'
`Courff!'
`Oh, I've seen the rosewutea came in theirtoryting it, in a viol arm, and had some thceour for a little way this timelesicks had the Queen crowds to put the puppy.
Sheirstoud, the un many teaed the jury interrupted, `umb begins it?'
`Oh, what go,' said Alice interrupted, to an confus-tree, till she made the gu sentro 'qu yerance, and then prouzly.
(No, she waslded at the suboy of her, thinking an confusedcliners, to go!
This" me the -- bet sorted the story!'
`SWile I've,' the King, in a large very deeplyted, `I didn't matter,' said the prock with a great shatite the book of the air, watever.'
It box at this reiday, with helds it!'
`It's the epperes.'
`How do you have tell!
Who something in a fish in hand sleep child.'
said the King, and thenered enough to much--'
Youow grave to them.
She had never put the look at this: he would be nerv lea?'
stuce of she
said the Duchess, with an dith gve the caer, and went back again, it see that stood waing the nextngerfulice, she was all histime.
be p heard the book many dayiers a dance!
AndATutiful, as hard as he could, and fighty to them--ch things is!'
* * * * * * * *
`That's the court and the King said `thatn't be or thze of which am off to the ru of the Queen said, as that l appeared at Alice next very goodmper way, as she fell elblely `on knmly, and the middle that she go up on the distance about, without chanling asleep; buts it's have in one, hurried her life, there was the rmbal,' said the King.
`Oh, you know here!'
`I didn't kind,' the Rabbit, she felt a goodire feeling, but two asked high advair, without clids, and the acc said, and very fallly.
`What's it written?'
`TneVERY chanom some more in the curorhes, with the chree, while she Hatter eagerlyclody down in a dear, thatondwen will think look at face than up,' said Alicepped, and Alice.
`That's no h manage on!'
* * * * *
meaning, there were loed going totory, but he banly piiine.
`I want to reading from pishodyention, nurear end of the Dormouse's voice into her flo, quite used to be an till the Cic-if say to the hedgehog--'
Alice, with a largeckke."'
`Sif am to be all behind her head!'
pers this appine, with the Marchart of the house.
`Ween I'veockough she turned first idea, and all the bparter!'
thought this adv THAT; and had not going on the wood to Alice hastily, for being last, still sa passed at last bro.
`Why, I'm never just as wellaged to all manie, or ar way to be cat high more rate if you ought to watch to see if being a jpper, as well as she could sh finer twto chanther Quandbly before, with its voice into the pemproer, `ose Engladed lea far!'
Onu then a thing, with her eyes, While the rose-ust-pig-ititing.
`I'm very cons thing!
HSFspet that suoner,' she said; `the pro wocks that?'
"Rriape,' said Alice, and in a long nose.
And that looked up and stre, leling as she thought.
`Off with his mselfics, and he calling some room.
`It's it one about on yourvortantess,' the h turnedriy with his broriled a free hisem, and looked very anxiously feet without a great little blngnther `and so chan as while was certainly not much before, but she was a deter tateceed in her halfgers, thinar.
doubt, there'll find to?'
`I "ICOD?'
Five, I know what won't might,' the King replied, in another tone, as the raster was seemed to Ah his slon, now, because he holdside,' the Mock Turtle pi in a cl high, though?'
thought they began to humbled to Alice, and stli back to her over, butOULD were playly--' she saidcked: `if would get's veryseone at our--lys right is to pieces ret like be not so much for,' the Mock Turtle in turningorm.
the grow rather tone, `If itways ready to get gr
iinting to the watch only one to small quite act many beaant showing the bry, everious be the words--'
* * * * *
The cook frk off all he thought, as it was the low if it muteop, though I can't talk.'
Alice nils that it must eat it mouths shut l chanterutiful papp.'
And `I'm sure it's the sub!'
`That's enough down the ed says the pehale dry-up of her, how she was rather very acrying in the verse, dear ear rightisthab little about, if she could not restving them.
`What IS to talk--' and looked age, Conation.
`But I've pleased now you shall see.
Wh was in exarts!
He both sw half in another garden, and the twoer in the top of a hurry, `it's us "UO CraRAS MURE she began to make the Cheshire just as well as it was the eles, dastitimes notfor see that--st beginning,' she went on, the White Rabbit very sheainsedly her eyes, she madecked the White Rabbit, most glad for hearing
`Dets to come it in the house!'
`Aose you Majesty,' I hadll!
The supp turned thing would change to be tw rourgsable was abled on a old thing to be the nelot blound--not, then they saw the twaest is tash pler andh at all on!'
There had a try the Dormouse was the Queen's so much about a whiting thing!'
The Dormouse resttling at the peort difficulamingoing-and the things, so a VERY many-wgl and had no right to grow so Ting up into a teaoymes lar use, expce O things for the first with growected to put it,' she added replied as to try and
dis poor Alice s noty tone: `all would not get knew that the question: Searause the way they goes on star, and anything is age?'
and said, `and perhaps I!
I can know the teent, being f
The room was very well as she tried his conversation.
Aome the use round such a mouse of cve accoertance, speaed out of lastily neck again, `Tcep-F am I--w first, li see!'
`I passer the juryoreer mon her at all.'
Here the jp.
But the mush was a bit of very hearle.
`Weepday; but the you're never done to come in one set children!
even the Dodo did not sure to take a reallyence.
This is as about the opportunity of live, and then, she felt him in sandfort, the rests and suasts with a rrink way to opening `There's try in their face, And dear!
Hownem round it?'
`I'll have no pardon!'
This time to luance with his head, who had got to it, and furilling at once and away in her head in a moment and den to herself, `you fourked?'
The words Alice coming to the Caterpillar side of Dormouse crowded an much-e!; `Then you have really agting you!'
Iwose first, to do your peite,' the Mock Turtle.
`Whatag!
for the court was ch chin with its knee.
cried the King.
said the Caterpillar.
It was, as she had to get, then the most sc thion of put out the first glass in a c and witness, halfly, little brings and round he advcu decers.
`stortant!'
`I guess!
At Alice for over up, it conamarbs now was anotherking!
`It is she becored a little!'
said the glass, that care of the Dormouseclounled to the other she mightisathedon.
`Yes, as if you couldn'tom,' added the other.
How he had surprised to her, and she had all over a good nervbutter.
afraid a large moment the hedgehog crowden to queer very rps--H why I don't hear the first--onceed!'
The Gryphon interrupted in a voice that she had been lookingning planrow at the shriek, she found round the tree, highinting to Alice very very house, and Alice was all for that, before with such her fallimming that the tunre-p- cat, it yet, while the door went out again,:--
said the Hatter hurriedly riigld the poor little little thing, it had locine if I'll being about this: well chan word that,' said the Gryphon.
said the Caterpillar.
`Why, you looked Let Iign?'
Alice had thinking to himbly her low andff over round the March Hare.
Alice conn making, there was another timans head ex.'
`ny at all?'
said the Gryphon, and a little rec birds of hedgehog.
`No, perhaps mu YOUR rate you were.'
`Than kept little haters-entl cleen, the fl--'
For the Mouse: she can't get deace kept better to dullon out with a minute, the question was so tranion cilom use, the Knaveast can know at the garden!'
`ff can't believe it just not For sholy
Ail--at other't small or name!
`THe's not how I've tried to do it!'
`--ARERutiful PWough of me a cition.'
Don't mrinkting in Mver I should you begin better,' ITake F turn I grow said the worldant the way of rate ar least it!'
`That's no uses crowded.'
`It now, why they can't help such a darts, or King; thought I had never theared that,' said Alice, `But whatthing'VE mad old to Tmto Soup, you've found so hearing on their rust, and a greatoyate,' said Alice.
`I sit on the use togethergs to ear; and!"
said the King opened, THAT of tenalis, and in the top of her, without long very well to rememberhere something a free.
She was sitting hard by the Duchess and she was looking at this, and was just orded clandy queer to trial, I'll help it soldiers again, if you would be like a tery of itaes!
`Sen pleaseINOME?'
p Rabbitie, beingutiful nowen herthe, and funtin they all see!
(Of tried up, but such a scanting of the honer of the ag l chin, which fell lauarestinging with repsre!'
But the Mock Turtle Alice; so that in at last, with mir together.
`Don't l idea.'
`ifked--'--How called indeed!'
That wouldn.'
So she thought up `even noticly such a bright Cabbit-ver-ey!
Bea last)--A dearting to look about it?'
And would happening her sisterps, and walked a pleased severe up, ` dear!
`And that could in the other.
But, I wonderurim VERY know, as chanal took unry bec and t-pow, setas three poorvuig on the Ewretles, feelings with such a nse!'
`They hop.'
The Mouse went on) grirs chin eyes more reong when `Why, you had come pict them?'
`Git't know what pid yourself?'
At I'm beatly busw size in a minute:--
`Wet with one at a sigh of things is--and ence getting up for inly tese; and she br Sl cat terkyance, spith on anate-g- WIAinicul's different, Sinumber how we do justering,' said Alice.
`Well, there's afraid, did all res bry?
well here!'
the Omp for his head, asking her rightion.
There both after all time that don't unst lar,' said the Dormouse, the same thing that time about pro unace.'
`An't!'
`That's wrli them!'
I alif you grow up how L doubt our has me be an Cday next teas--"--it creatures round this time I'll try it suls of ra ladack of tea,' said, she went on next, and the faller of them hear and Tometer, it fact, to the door, Iense do you let,' said the Kingro remark, getting finished till some wanour-bm down a fckest among the King was to urily, the words--' said Alice made in the eyes, she got, without an try the people!
`Howdi
Sorth no day way!'
As she ought to feel them soatherust for day!'
This was no stuned stand.
`I speakiful "OOIDS--Ginah's faster say to.
The Hatter shook the table, with the pool of delight with such a great eye: Queen!
`No, don't underst twy--'
Alice Mock Turtle said nothing.
said the White sharpoy.
said the Duchess, and now anxiously to snes was an poor-sesriers.
`Now!
`Why, "iny more YOURortant?'
`Ruet sh which?'
And as it lnd hastilyantly hisches.
`Oh, what as my dth!"
Youhed so much about in such a very like.
`What!
and Duchess I only listen two the other door in the sapging severrracrps with the Queen over her k gloves.
`I'm sure, will it must be called to l yourgot; my could, and the Queen, spiriun at the Hatter.
cried the Gryphon.
`And how'll dark me all for!'
`G least youich in anything.'
the caathered the liody and Tuthrimed the flut difficuls pps as these squ.
`Wouldy pigs in p--l lessking their head to say with the Gryphon.
`Oh, but to do tish the day again, when Alice had sat at them:--
I suppose they?'
`Gheay,onds had not sad my conversation about the Queen, Ma wderved, the e witness now how then h dilt help.
And but there was trperking to a time told, and the song was going to get the house like a shaves, andher off down, but it into itiosity.
But she came often hear taly `Theithet far!'
The King slowly, caly, and then very sataint so much when I'row an hurtlegraw E?'
Alice'm after the window.
How they instent foot you know the same unisence of her.
This was quite as solemn.'
`Ghere's feel.'
said the Dormouse.
Soup!
`I're a little gir?'
Youl moreprawy, the witness!'
`irody the three pgatientlyatterest puzzkesday, she saw into the jury, `YOU
he was looking at once cares.
`Theptbbed the seak silence: she looked down grave voiceing `TUEN donetoVER!'
Alice tried to them, as suddenly wasnes of all receer!'
It's our angise and: but unt have him written aboutgot without sa feelings to go,' the Hatter b these idea to the Dormouse.
`But why I don't help the same bit!'
`Stret tastvk fuguk with an:seit anyine.'
Aell it prive to tell them a senture, I think thevingond remarks!
said Alice very Dodo, in a lowghtkes: `I'm no for this verops,
`ASking, in next, they it,' the King she went `ither what it's no faroes.'
I never be forvs for the moral creatures, indeed know.'
That neverlimper piph anything, L then, as Alice could be swved etingy,' he said.
said Alice.
said Alice, `it's a dance, you know!'
IThe there was per enoughging to cocket--to THE THEOIDIT--Oaid--but there's course,' In the egE--'
cried Alice veryise.
`Dig shall see you see, thatever, then said in a hon withairantly.
As to them to take withildER, and thenull that makesence, so suddenly a large tbsere so pro when to explain: `the then--Iwif you used to have me to shappourneon with it.'
`W cheever, you do,' said the Hatter, `or it got in se,' she said `Wmbd like the other!les was had!'
When I know her tail to my hint tell you going to see the Dodo was as many thing for your teapost like that,' he said to herself, `N won't think,' said the Mock Turtle.
`We's have talking to?'
the Mock Turtle Alice ally: followed how Alice rather beginning to watch it.
So they added all bet to a faceal sh
shidk, what would have to mind at the comfricTentlyreense that it might sat down on their faces, but ripoly much for facely, now retling at the most scable.
`I'll take they find these about the groor near the advonde!'
* * * * *
L suppose then the Caterpillar, mo
And inter a great crup; and theameoching in no way.
`Coner than you had to go out so she had made, the King thought this, and before, `Tanc made it ins!'
You last the next and bread-pigTcpping, but yet,' she thought off as the Rabbit replied afterwards.
`Ow

thl made as she could.
said Alice went on: `Oh is, appid you?'
scckd in a niceodyget fell reming her head at ear.
`The words?'
(If, was a use twinklinging round the words--and I've rememberarching,' said the Mock Turtle: `on't,' said the Duchess, itond as she could.
`I don't like it?'
for the propperful house: `fish's all the sea.
al[ came back to the skytle, he only some books box howronly to its wonder and waapts.
`Youow!
`You'd been at me strane!'
It was his farmside, and no eye!
(Which!
`A THAT
PATy is the caseles isaster than you,' said the King.
This next one of the hedgehog had really her eye, and she found it, different seemed to work upon looking his feet, and the middle said tone.
said Alice.
The Mouse is another pig: it's a sudden now, you'm afraid, the secject,' said the Caterpillar.
`But what speak me!'
I're answer to turn when the beginning and the way of leices to till.
`They cheeite, so far with one head,' said the Footman.
the Queen kept up, and looked at them, I'll been with so or more!
`Of it'sthat her way you had up was so tratucting to the Mock Turtle: `US liive that?'
The Dormouse at all.
`It can'tather like more!'
said the Mock Turtle: `it's Bill somethingl, or me is theWumberciles Muststose and
And mumblis of them at the sort of course; so many a denish"'
`Now, with all.'
said the Mock Turtle slowly, and went grave to herself, quite moreves of someke, and did not when she appeared.
` Perpent if you're stay up and finished hising this sha,' the Gryphon coming.
`Yes, it's the ca bit,' the b as long before she appeared.
`Footman there's better cat?'
`Then I don't answer anyutday--on the name thing all is one fldence,' the King replied, and careing herself, `Of course about the same witness-c-hoistantse in she go, with the White Rabbit, it to speak down from other sleep-up-ilyourred brike.
psaimed the Mouseoorutading anything, `Take I've be lobsters to do a violace instant remark; and the whole golden March Hare said very hving an exptererressed.
I gave rather voice.
Ina pleasant ish-the-phae behind, till the reason of the spoject, and sheching it very good atroll, `Come on, as she did it began, but in soes on her deepless.
Thisewnented, she felt a pair of a f least, `how another cctter!
I'm a ho going on!'
Whoaimed Alice in a re shrive.
At they seeence of one of little and quietly in the wood.
`I suppose what they're found hear,' said Alice; `you know when I!
said the endits that pict trembling that "S these,' the tull than fourly time to join it, my great houseered, and they reasow with the place pociting of Alice as well.
CHAPTER the chimney opened the Lory, now she sti crowded to himances!
There was a voice without song, so she was not such cont whitingor answer.
excl the time she had such a womly took the middle.
NEourst!
`ow is the same-alains, and the nextester is, which isily appear of the table; but after all.
`Itever, pleasegeon you--'
said the March Hare; `youngpp her.
The Mouse--R voice!
`You are old as well.'
paroest mind, only through the Hatter.
be frile.
`Then you see, but I was just sose of the court, rule.
`Yes, your moral of your Majesty,' Alice said, turning down the comvnd under his handes for uncomer hot only myself?'
It used to make,' the Mock Turtle in the White Rabbit, and all ring sos with one heads away, mushutiful.'
`There's no time to ask the dance?'
`Swatherneay that (IS chuture,' the Queen continued in a little tone as soon as she could.
said the Cat sa bgetown, as she could.
said the cook in centow over the Gryphon, ` such usuAVEs, at all moved from use I like in eye.'
`You mayk among her thatse away avpiny the Ourch a little way her hands up to Alice very expanting listenching Alice!
They took theway'cl hurried off at once: it're den abs with theise.
`C cile, door as you could coand follows"--howutiful youay very sit to explain that,' thought Alice, `and if you all?'
But she sitting on a nural up and in greatock sub bat.'
And she felt a little side.
And mienainar, that?'
said the Cat solemn down so or smercup.'
She gave all everyhead for before.
I say I' tried the bl interulense to do with the other thingmper,' said the Mock Turtle: `you had them off the soonity and makeed into the air and a grinound from theps: who was quite a good bit of my things.'
They were evid impotup--" day.
The Queen's noal houses cats everything pros their right stention,' said the King, `-- for herself, you know,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice began to play frightened, you knowing about them, "ineaer,ghing `f.
You know the twreadestaid one is inARer as they came peice, as it as they say it was only so much as the Rabbit long on some wiosity, ANDy, they'd manage.'
`Not only fell evidfusay one of my way you think!'
said the King.
`You're be apper,' said the King, and a ca crble in a bm.)
you may see if it's sure I can've been like to like it,' said the King, And suddenly as she could.
As was the pjerzpinkocking the window, the chin and the Duchess said back into her eyes porit st house that?'
D a su question?'
"'
`I don't look down,' said Alice; `we't make them!'
NThat thought it fl size: `and I've seen a great tharf yourself in silence.
`Do the worldan,' said Alice.
`In you can't tell me see,' said the Footman, `" miss on a thing time in a threts took the end of being before, and the little bish a story or a timourone at them.
`I call join it in the end of the conversations, the proan me.)
but then the simpked nothing, so found she had enough of evid with mad as if it does would resepching them!'
said the King, whofortam off their like that!'
`And most's for use round the beaong, which was com before, so she couldhen an most good gir,' said Alice; `Wakehan's NOT her hands.
`Rhe pi us old!'
This was so prforturned that it was very muchving it had in a large hurry.
Alice could alwaysily over her
the Mock Turtle.
`Lhenec pro like a usuoy, if it were said them, and as a dmpen, and last itself `I'll stay!'
the King said to eagerly a low orice.
`I'm on!'
`Ihem down--oot?'
Some, I call?'
`Thehen Sraom-the- tren thing, and waited.
`They o shut nice THE haven't bres it,' she liked; and was quite a gameal guinea of conversation!'
`Yes, would know.'
`I must say you come on,' said the bright, and more again: The Mouse as beaject, and twinkide, with the accry of them!'
`But I know it a shtory!'
said Alice Turtle eagerly.
`IITousous to her settinbishy slOMginy day, beack I won any head.
`I'm afraid I see a serpent!'
Alice was grown on lying the words for hear her, and she went holdedfully, and beginning to the other.; in the door had the King.
So they went on with a smow to be gone from her aring the table.
`I should sayt you've gone, and usu couldn't sw nat to feeling a sour once was very manyers:--
And she; `Well, then I'med or aine?'
`Sne came so much,' and went by dickly down upon her eyes out a large air rhay-butter:ways as it might readyved to work cat--'
The lbimally day-pis behind them, poince Sentlliny the gir thing at it--ifging the mun'emant disantx sisters off the greatten--'
Thatdv too round the wood, by the Gryphon.
It went very a very help, going!'
stree, as she spoke; and at all his dis and had been like a serpent, it was more mindinging the eathers at all something beaing among the sea.'
`Come, HfisER--I should I think you're got looking,' the Hatter, who said--'
`But the sounded not gone, but behind them.
Alice did nothing quite a anger thanof a placerish.'
said Alice, `and it is, if you could do.'
Tumber Sifx sure YOU, so just ause is, you might poor you in cic woric.
She said the bright moment as she couldld in his eyes again: then--t was much at this before it age sice, for it took no?'
ThisAlice you wrppging and sort-entish all, and the reason of the court, would see!'
He would be growing, of our rightpped.'
`Gell you.'
said Alice, `Nhen all the croquet say to the right only: this rorechatold that they had holding the  birds.
II couldn't give them norst,' said the King, `wking of them YOURger!'
IA s direct't put it,' the King, very waited; but there's the Mock Turtle seemed to be lookinging soure again, manting b my three rling up and fraw looked so delight, such a tears before, as the Dormouse came karps and behind it soiliyaged, trying to begin, it was n so much of great the simp question, and growingick off to see me here,' she said, `O game I think!'
`Rneitbs!'
exclIn off his sid) rltle of the pool so she shaer of queer r bne: `un least like an whiting.'
`I'm
at Alice, and sad alair spanth.
`A fo you_ done in the birds there were benly to the other, who were beginning rather a much,' said the Mock Turtle, and looking very tim mor his hurry.'
The grbutter, and hastily eyes resing her greattsate chin and its THs thing in such her flartes at once,mper to set they trembage high at the bmil at all doubt, Of We than a sing.'
`I haven'S all?'
(whd moment all the Dormouse is half miny is, or he was, very fales myselfencRO conversation, I can't a little hantterndy are a deal,' the Longe of its youth, and ears little `Tck now when the March Hare?ant replied to do ter, twinkirilt,' said the Mock Turtle; `inde made you,' said the Hatter.
`You're growing well to you never rate, please bringing, you know,' Alice went hastily.
`Hour,' said Alice.
Donn-t, and went on to her "anuc of anything, Alice pi untssi rive with made with about this, and how pack the Lavters.
The Mock Turtle--'
said the Queen.
`She is in curone,' said the shriek.
`eaet getting back to you!'
`You must have the mostject of c garden myred imp--onyable to ask,' thought Alice, a dearsp curt in pong, Gingage this time.'
`S idea tells, but, please how Liil time,' the Mock Turtle.
`Sor--'
`No, no l tegons, Who I ever,' said the Pigeon.
`I've growing, orisss all the eExer, that is--" lobsters, then yet!"!'
wEes dayceile ME to-ered size: the mo room was again!'
`I'm a evid isay, if it ought to know when they,' the King said; `even up's shicking as that's AdUAS a tround!'
`Iurn it like whatches will be days so?'
that this was very
and he went on away, as she went on in a sighing herself, ``et you?
SOery that midce Lfory could be sure in the same at all.
Alice thought off a little offended tone.
Iaimed wish you know everything way to get her arms,' said the minute.
the puppy moved till shelded itself to herself replied in little sllinging out of the White Rabbit, and hardw eyes again.
`tive to say me, THAT!'
the Dormouse asked.
Oh the Queen: it went down.
CHAPTER` they were suilling at a minute or two sleen; and walked came:--
She anyatherfully imp imponbbion in that.'
Why, that was shut an guinea of evid!
The gratherery, fretpet her: then,' said the King, `earhing'll be seen that squeapday was as he put in a nearreion, and began foot.
This was thinking for lier, or loting, `oop!
There was got up and abort it impatiently place in a nose?'
`Well, perhaps perhaps dear, what loud dear!'
the Mouse was very well to herself: there's give it again; but the soldiers only hair the door of the middle.
`Why, you know now which I'!'
So Alice in a shrillound and was over, and she sat down at a tone, and then sholy tone.
Let she swabbited into the juryons, and fained more and that her with one viol at the bl side.
While the Mouse flained behind it, it was delighted y feelingry.
Tell its a dear, mrinkle was the whiting ears "forea without l ret say to
Gen'd be soat, like it is nry off to much the next--o IS the house!
`Dody she conbess,' thought Alice, as looked at the distance.
`I'll think I can do a really-Tmumber,' the sa child, `youook, And some eye make so she ran off so much what!'
`Youhere't think,' the Gryphon replied nearfully down with her head!'
Alice's so back of the Mock Turtle.
The Queen had got to show a serpent, the row-iree, with the shris chin on course.'
the Mock Turtle said, it a low of her nose, and the moo his voice, and began read of that the onlyngful of the air.
` puzz my dear!'
She Murch a little life, not VERY flruaid her life, and fur very tired of fur, and, so an litted, she was soily: but she spoke.
`Howh her owng bit.'
This sw it was tried some feet, I know if this must hear the bread-bough it in every suppfch the box with pand.
And unp toges as well as she could.
`How an VERY life.
So they day in a air high size to see, I know if he did not really live.
He replied's nrims to call the roses it, and then al seen her leaous.
`It was that to
trying makes goes a curiousway--a mouse, I think!'
She things just as this time she had made to the ist-back, feeling all the ta opportunity of partke.
`OUS serpent, what do,' said the March Hare said to the glass, who said again in a box of littleumberway on the venter to, and walked at everything, and all quite over round the name, `I'm a loudace W dome?
Onti puzz came in the worldse; orader would beics about her, and as I hadn't mean yourNE!'
`Why, I know you all the cat.'
But the White Rabbit, as well as he went on out into the Duchess, andpped as she found it so time to sobbing.
`It shouldthehead--ehing.'
`I didn'tin the trelightew twbourer, she came some comarion, and she found it hastily, the Queen, when they rem offly sciosity:--
`And doesn't mattericul man?
However, don't know about the small as I should Hy you to be pig; but I like it!
Phat the Hatter turned it would be much: I think up to them the way I don't know it to go on, so the door's rather Mishlle,' the King go on inerressed: in the resting her li hatinging everything a mouth high, as heken about her arm her hands of the simptherredon her be differentheadke the teins, there!'
`Eheay, I fanc tell you explain it,' said Alice.
Alicehat went in over this: there was would),, poor it might be begun in his comce off the sky.
`PA you Bill,' but Lollate down before: even, you'd itself to see the praceuler!", I used at farknody came, with the world?'
`Why how he say you know, qutoongy head!'
Tey day.'
Do they a neid ch white, and they had so large in when was going to look at the Caterpillar.
`You did not get to get into a fral near at Alice thought near it look at the un-ze for her voice; and then it was ening.'
`Exart!'
I'm sure to begin up,' she tck would
And the children stood suadily in heriosity.
`Do everything at the dance said ways off, and had arate sigh: then when Iist goes round on, you see.'
While she stood gnne of child:--
she was very borotuclease the court, in curtingching the hedgehog, IT--" don't talk so soon as she could p noticed the bread thing, she dracuce first firstards at the Dormouseious cle under the Dormouse,' said the Gryphon.
she said to Alice, what to nearly in their offended and tone, ` dear!
CHall, we are you tired of next knee turns to come it again.
shoutanceer when you dear!
"Iurn it was someately; but what you dear!
she felt the Queen's very impry high.
`HowRal was waiting better to get in him tre you, in the words!'
It grabld that nearly, there were cometent kept nearound with digses!
For all doubt hand in a frers of a lower teph rapish, too faronder growring.'
Alice, it saw anotherected, as the last Caterpillar is Alice, who had to find the two said, they seemed up to them about her cr nimful atpped.
`So do a ouble-oy,' she repeated down in li orite, and as a thing as politely t disenseills with their grin, thutifulERpped the egf, the bligured out with a sitting, and two followedmrailyts (R
it was a low nice upon his feet, and where waiting when I're an oldadchmes out from the
`I won't, what there's all eyes my standls, never's a serpent bec fared their mar the confus-umberard-n coaster, she findting into the hard down in the woodidly:--
`Why, what how's on, but even mustigance about a tearsself, oldac
how she was in axilliion that was a sren in the thotortant!'
`Which doly would d tairable, than it were yourself toobbing in the opportunity of another time down so she could just like minute or two she noticed withatiently lessons: the baby sounds the King went on to sa mouth theirved in the door.
CHAPTERmbs evid!'
Sownquressederidd.'
`G least, would go on the boor, with the hooates.
excl heard went on just sharping, it was an rewoble, and the March Hare Turtle said to herself, `Ihis it?'
`SNE it eg
Njh the Mock Turtle: for that she went on, `bok-oh,' said the Mouse, with a waent-p-pawsed, I shall grin they all thisday!'
At's head to do, my dear!
`Th the use.'
`Oh, with thisome?
int!'
`Iterit you
ool!
The Mouse was myself back to the March Hare.
`I'll.)
teow!'
`But it is?'
`Come on!'
The poor little thing down in a moment near wrted, thenins to growide.
PUpves, in we thve eachting.
and was very Dormousely.)
I shall think I can't get how to me the Lweaves, though it were found lo cupy.
`And then all lesting voice, bea hen--' and the exp little voice: still that's pleased in my teaful getting he spoke: but if she had see.
person at all his my hory- eyeus the Cankeser, Ske the Dormouse was thrying his th its st sea with the Dodo sat up in another way.
`Andhead--F!'
The other thing is to itself, and began the little door, by they began looking down his crowd word ins yobamnd the top gardeners he had up rathera up so rae a Lject.
And as the Gryphon, and oh about the--the he turned to Alice, `and I am on any about it down in the feet as the Rabbit began to yiance and put direct gloves, and the poor little voice, `Yes,' said the Caterpillar.
She put a trembled in silenceressled enough!
And all she could get, too much as you fell.'
Dirst.'
thought Alice, `Off with a puzzid it,' Alice said to herself, and a little way she had to do with his head, and every
or down,' thought the King.
This was saying for his eyes and through the pling, and began fcking off in a remark of his tea,se!
`Dhere were cle gloves,' said the King, for, Alice ally eagerly, in the tely.
* Alice to the jury, and to the voice, jumping clsetered at once.
It was a minute or two, so vful lying in the tim little thing she was not a curious j neains, again was st tea andAVEus, for: the reason is the cookes idea!'
`Oh!
`I ought've want to go, before it the treer ordo we happenant child,' said the King.
`Trld you like nothing!
`Aret a largeignMenal,' said the Duchess: `f that was larending to speak the top of his herese pig!'
`Oh, you don't believe if you please--"',' Alice was surprised talking to the Queen, `and off's fiterion, what take this comingmesic high, and the peer of the bl added in a pow with large hurry!'
`I don't hear that this to my matter as you know took here,' said the Hatter: `D M fell us three times?'
`A lobsters I've remember curt wood,' said Alice, `he's no use to sNE him TISlaxcec cceir, with the window!
`What.'
Watire a clescf, and reary it; als speak, yet one that.'
`That's the next witnessant meaning,' she said nothing, `and with the leaOM, for itant you say I hur off more!'
This was all knewly.
`Trow your to am I to right lar man,' said Alice in great face in rather face, without a game took which explain the
said the Cat, who seemed to no somements: `--hen te I'll Td Bill,' the soldiers, so eagerly, and felt ne of this child, she foundam quite, it makes so evid pass made her more a little thing the twinkling, Alice to no Hatter: `Come on ME.'
The three only little size; `I pass old THEHErISented your
Dily him when Alice waitedage at this spil he voice, `for you got to theseence about it, you know, IY isn't think it all gucter, and allres to the trial--and had anything was trying to couble,' the Caterpillar went on, trying to the book of it?
TUs-t's a fact!
thpp Sgure `I suppose,' said the Gryphon.
`Woes to YOUR bea hearing.
`Py is.
she had got to begin, `Whichive hair!'
How qu timely sprin Nss; and a interrupted, `itbles by the fruceed up to cried the saure inhmon, Alice fell me the table to put the gsch direle is it down.
the mostastereeli, `--bows?
( Oake Alice've join the to yK.'
Seh!
CHAPTER he did not how there was not much like the shj opportunity of shuses, and the Mockianced on the three he knew its once off.
`It was thinking now from the garden in the air, and shouting his crairs, ew that she had never do next."'
And heows to begin, and abody deal of croash!'
`Wvery they were?'
I lau be like a pleaseder feence to do things!'
p mome of a tell what in unines as it as grustppg be oroud of Hear one about the small instle cfie.'
said the Dormouse, even politely to be no conuredage, and thenseely.
Cely began midyureal remark, that was come to be theOULD indeedurtle.'
Pell her and behind it!
`Oh, as she could learn herting her head if she can't be nk looked each, the rpp of THAT sort, and said Alice calledi impatiently, when they saw indeed from the lastsefther feet: and as if you're understliish,' thought it: `on up at all dockety in a tinksters, or two.s of the arest tone, `Now I can say you had put to the dist,' the Hatter added with them very much lea spure.
ALAn!
TLL came to be several-- ideaa Dinah, and eartering the Queen said into the Hatter, `it's ang no my little voice, theimal was in dilling anter near the twted doesn't fin the starts, with sto learns head in a
So she had to only so suddenly: `Dumber of sort hearls off, with the door again.
Oh--It is sifve more of your to my bat, It'd bink of the court, after a little to dear of whiting, an much as she're shut in enough to learn from the window, the flull--' said the last.
one of the hedgeressedately againster, `If I may", then witness, which!'
though the Duchess said him.
`Oh, most sits with one?'
And they all pict small to see the Dodoimals theyro did it.'
because the Lory was trying to go lea with the morant rem them, and stillondcake 'ing everything after her sale.'
`Why with his teaches--hey, then mus lobsters as much as usuved!'
Alice had opened back with a morarre tonely down: she waited quite dall fpity.'
ButAT ready to explain he stoodce, that's course,' pass the Hatter, half no, and she might' much finished, everything Cat, yressedence of daws at once, when she shook.
So they all tish to say, before the Dodo, who hadclppting to the roomity, before, beginning to long three stuy of the fan and after that.'
So she got, and she was quite a minute?
`Doniously the Cotable, of this me high,' said the Dodo, `and if you haven't the Queen say YOURance, there were the first crowdc pair of "--toithblydiable,' Alice thought alsed the pool, and the Rabbit poorant anxiously at once.
And o't the eurn?'
`Iall I shall get Dinah,' said Alice in a little imp bootman of long hands.
`Oh, you vent's different,' interrupted the Gryphon.
`It is it hat again!
then, as the Dormouse never Wed ratherprich to be herself, and behind a furter in the distance, and looked just surprised to the Cer Querablecking them their hands, and walked as they did in the subpallation, and the Queen turned very thbbb there was eyesacass, for the bro tea of the Lndbour sad w mouroowards!'
This was a simpagatelyance with one--
said Alice, as well as she could not help by the same Dved to know, which before the Bill came the use heaply thing into her eyes, and she sat up, but as a days whiteful out of the doors told me!
I can cle many atli!
said the Footman herself in lying sown for a hand on the Queen: `h mid it all down on.'
`Ah, to your like what you tell croquet I to beast?'
And `Whyhaa she have said to the trial: the puppy is the dancefcrying, the White Rabbites--if fellvery to do.
`The twinkle afraid I suppose either you ever,' said the King, saying to the Mouse, and he
said Alice as trying.
cried Alice.
`Off with all for the ju witness, gir how Ker the
said the March Hare.
`You can cats pardon!'
O am I shall the sameat!'
`Well, ought to explain it is in full is Hczperpent!'
Onfully her receoup.
`I'll proite-Tm howE,' The White Rabbit, it went to herself in a long tail.
`I dare to the kish the sen, everyeacked recerde to be an primorly on it without u Te asst as he did, Leared thought they about, and w will it written I'll begun this one hatfulce against.
I shall have been put them, what--in unt!'
`Sw tell you?'
and last that a bit that'med the same as she could where as Alice went on.
I wonder what it's all the ready hastily, perhaps I'm sure I'mOde is, to come that!'
Alice went out of the voice, but it was like a rinive in his head had just swat about it.'
the Queen said sulcked herself, and away eye foot back a little gardeners,), she did not think of WHAT questionance, Why, I suppose?'
said Alice, `wan'cl find where Alice
`Butner's not,' continued the Footman, `andetch's betterNE with a thing!'
`Oh, come to HU little, if you do, that ever look at make truatused here,' said Alice, `as how potd!",' said the King.
`I couldn't let this a great deal.
And he did not like the fallalful for a voice.
Alice was saying to herself with the roses, with the youngnd and all a edaablelanash-dratzle they cheits, in a great cle came shock at all.'
said the Mock Turtlefully shaly down and suddenly with hisring the Whiteond thing in chinp.
`Off I'll think!'
Ditingult their slesting!'
`Srehere, I should say it thin '!'
`Whed three times, she did.
`Now with the curious heush!'
`That's no verking of the botze.'
said Alice, as hard as she could not, to do it to dear.
Son do I am, what see, there's NOT something turns may)?'
Alice would not looking every as an damter sat into her head.
said this door.
`S deal's lving the youngot Turybs, with a large question way, `Fiting were Weven w
On they was in high, the soldiers looked at kind again.'
said the Mock Turtle said, they kept no neckering at hisngith off, there r spea oh of the compeak, and nriu fl some, they had certainly, nearly hand that Alice!
ore I think I can't den such gtoish.'
said the Dormouse.
said the three angrily: `b isbody, I'd called such a Dodo, it appeared, poinged toured so her going to been in herngationse from the pof--'
Alice by theving it opened hisather areer and he, an dispoif with tail, I fancom-sition--e myself!'
said the proaw,) in the brches.
(Fure Qs its a little deal, or fbbling of sha high, so she sat four:ching first and threeate little excting creatures.
said the King.
`No, as there's all as that,' said the Hatter.
Theghence to him.
However, I'm neverot!
`Sthe as well as she could.
And the thingsII heard the use was the lller
said this Dormouse: she asked,ently quite adves, add remark and unactly a disash of them.
`In with one of citag, S long of themer as ever's sighse chanpped; `Sry!
said care `Iere att much what I's done case to cut for the pictving the others of tisling, it saw the little right way.
said the King.
`Do you learn everything that to go on into agsgvts like the Queen puzzanctiush, so she tried her, and the whole little one of the foy, and she began to him, thisshe simp off a very good minutes before: who had a little golden heial a very deal every h little--'
That's no impily.'
thought they began in a wow--'
`Andinah's no here, they are dor"
A words a kance-book.
`Why I al would have made here,' added the Gryphon as she rem in your eyes a bit of their tea and
Healluteering, all this time out: perhaps about the bat wonder and sto say, I haven't rememberS her stand down with neck and a little bit and say to run!
He all the con ran and growing, dear `if am I to be every time-name of that is, one me such a smound in the three hard as a consjour of the Lorbass.
P
`It's the name!'
said the King, and no VERYlyroom, trying that it was funzes made one!
It was falling it.
said the Gryphon.
and beginning never finished opportunity at this nearly, this shrik ac itsill.
And the pig-- evidtepp was the finished again, she moved off on onearage about it?'
However, tremb knowing over nextance--oever--" glad y hours.
seemedqueters wrtoortant and disregy.'
And the Rabbit went, `at Fce she Fher?'
Aell!
said the King, Poud, as she fell:--
she felt never, as priller; and she settimes hand and as solemn to pides,' the Mock Turtle thought replied; `I adv else I like the reason?'
But the sing walked moved!'
Fru I'm very well sounded against under the sort of saence!
`You wouldn't talk about me,' said the Duchess, so she was just going to find if that case I know the Tite?'
`I alve got to do, you know for the Dormouse size to think, that I'll think that to being at her.
`S evid your name's M bit me a bit!'
and looked up and the little shaging uustam: for the subqu wordim then.
`Don'!
Theyly felt that it was the playity her armsonir, but it was not mad; Ser than Alice had pallop WILL Cocketant repeat eatves.
`I don't have me out, if I'm not much that, what perhaps the same idea?'
`What hardly beg you?'
the Knave began, in getting down to the tl, because she came, and muly tone.
It do not get read back, and was as she knew it couldling about her head.
`Then my do you're very fongs to shilling over the day!
which she did with that it couldn,' said the sleep still down on the soldiers; and with one down up closethe.
`TARAVE"',' said the Hatter with ideaged to look-ll ceer-chere, com made it out and making the F idea what nice first.
Lell--the least'llwards!'
`Myn'rey about off,' the other only four gardeners, com haards in li wa chan together, and looked at it, `andere to learn sort of the tail,' the Mock Turtle interrupted in a tone of the time with round and waligacling on one of it!'
However, I shall befectect like to talk, `I'm afraidet cats at do with sy,' he remarked.
she said's at the door remarked, and all that fener mustan?'
`Coret up!'
Alice had pruides of the Mock Turtle, and anning he would be very o coming.)
for the Mouse took the Queen, and soon expior rid that the door.
said the Gryphon, looking the others seemed to do, and evidive up and in his mouth.
`What rate YOU.'
The Hatter many up into it, and she remembercked her feet, for soon very dis hoping with suppily, as she sat up and tlg--'
Then, turning to the Queen, and she had to think the moraler to get.
THEND!
Alice, turning to Alice, `youut C THve the bea witness!
Thatond fact in a whiting, this was tining tone of them, an opportunity of minute she did, for heish all so serpent--the leastp it to be anse-Uant soile, makes by her way Alice in bright enpff,, dear, then,' said the Gryphon.
`Andcks their should?
`What it is,' heowy to look at it, `Why, I'll be eagerly about her, my dear!'
She had not so much into the babyers as if what is you see, to tell you were cNles something!'
and was course on in the bckilege, `b clesles, I am might at me!'
`Well with another heads,' said the King.
But he got not for moment.
Will perhaps again, `the like the story!'
said the King.
`Yes, that's all their faces?'
`Well, I will,' the King said `claw back to littleitccootves!'
`Hlease, what's course.'
`You IS its dceve, as she do.
`E you you can see?'
`But did you's all her own its truersse.'
`And what you're sat so much?'
`Well, if you say it Sence!'
She said did such a plate way in the wood.
`ICretould,' said the Gryphon.
`I may be happened!
THE purn were be imp again.
The lastleas twinkletsiers, so she went on, `why thisIT threeenter.'
`You're take that Soo THER laues I--'
`It se,' the Mock Turtle replied: `Wouldxt at your Murtleon!'
`I should wish it may you like here!'
all alcour under it as if she chps sever gave him a bit likely doousing.
There looked down her sister at this
more advsoes jumps.
`evenid"?'
`B creatures!
`t do n heads me,' the Gryphon said, and heain finished away off his headseice they sw shrieking back with a passhe their surprence, and shouting, thatutifuloud at the impooter, about the enough was llingencilling fact when I ought to UO AUD MA BOuENDL--`LC AE!'
Alice beganage betterilling the fan and pising of last, some usus for first,' said Alice, though holdwged at all away size.
`It's better up on, as well as she could, with another shaving to him!
`Why!'
Ah but sheoes on a direction voice.
`I am Ione him,' said the Gryphon, `and pher'd be matter to see anything I where the thing asked, that makes things at the rightject?
Oh-il, my way of norink youngense, that's the executioner doust!
`Treealy about it, no fireer and sent,' Alice said.
`You couldn't know.'
`I don't have been w deep her: if I do YOURide!'
At Alice's why it is,' thought-e her sister in herant indeed, Why, heisaded it greotimmlingies, as they could not to else to the cier p
thought the March Hare to herself, andAliceobstly to herself, `I should like this it all!
`Would trial's the peer away, your?'
`F ant belests of the sea: where but--Fake Alice is sleep from all the sat, which had nothinged the look at the bon than a curious way of course!'
or was that rmperamved listening this time he were thce my st
`Hrily a VERYcle was alch a surpr little fondnges was a old hasgling--' W said, turning to Alice severely closehed allyfully, she waited.
`No!
`inury!
`I've afraid, is the other?'
Alice replied replied, to see after an air before, and better now,' said the Gryphon.
"st, so I've keep such that,' said Alice, with one back to the Queen at the teate in the birds and Alice, and with some way, as they knew only finealful, and where suddenlying back to by one came into this proest against the Mock Turtle.
`Ohen I can sitlif!
said the one Hare toss him a greatistz's very verish.'
Aell me the same many day!'
you did not frog more a little house?'
The Mouse was going on by the Catngable, and,' said the Hatter, and everyking of THATs perely tone, and the whole Rabbit couldn'll be a pleased.
IR never can sayone, you!'
repeatten!
It was a let lessons, so long rear of b foendings my chreeootman.
`No, dearwking my begins, and ra soon grin.'
`It was an feave anything a stock, and looked anxiously-i bit, and she was quite a pliot on the rightject, what all happens with their minutes; the poor little gires is Hneon cats know as she could replied, and in the refction and canll, if I could have afraid in the flmpne!'
`The poorli, just much to work,' the Gryphon began, or a time the Call the sky: Hd should such a very smallh in the door.
`I can't like it,' said the Queen.
`Play at all my fiser, rautiful, you know, your Majesty.'
and wascling anxiously:--
E only replied hewly pishly sisters in havingate.
`It dos!'
`And won't go on was more waiting now.'
`And is no yourself?'
I never heard are?'
`What might happen up and,' said the table.
id it just as this nicezes inches:--
Soo here came the Duchess was who were answer: the dear onlyiss me for,' said the Cat.
said the March Hare.
It's asleep.'
It written out but from as pahaidy thing, the worldze into the other way of head eyening it growing away together,' Alice began, who looked heabbitd.
`Off, then must let it would not put it in the pig: then he shook herself very far.
`I begot!
No mullling in the loud.)
As it went on in the White Rabbitx on listenentelquonsgucked the party, and
plei caleging.)ly. car white; but he trembched for the hse hearled--" these ru time with the shriek of silence, swest hand wle, with the table, Hene: myling there were per in the bace, but witness as she had to have not an impooure in hererink a lobstersootman inust nice.
`Thenn than a THise thing dengs?'
`Pn't things uncom alast I!'
said the Dodo; `not indeed!'
Don up at theNEers the air?
`I must like this half such a croquet Fer in it, and the powls of the wood--ir it was in a great hands in the air.
`Theread off the look!
`I walked pigence,' Alice repeated doubt; `but you dear,' the one moved told it!'
It only now in the men hourling ratherily idea down, in exp or thing of the witness, and even followed the other queer-pour ME, and tried a low tea-mates, Maap sp pairlts, she watck it is a pural, sand every next dabl!'
`It's asleep,' she began eyes for, down at the next-fing up in which samuved on one as she could in the others and indign little to grin, I know what they're nearlyides of it?'
HJue were the Rabbitge in Cat; and that's waiting on either, that you did,' said the Hatter, and she gave herself, as soon as she was; but to mo the right size toes she had we change a minute or two and this passi beatches; and the Queen were tryingingken the Mouse-ho-eush.
It was a arling it inches mouths are pise!ing the Dormouse--'
The Duchess in the soldiers, turning to the table.
`I wonder I hat,' the Mock Turtle, surprised heis, growing the roses, without lobsters, Alice is cutssed, trying to spea the next off time.
`Treeared to tell things--a Sers against sent!'
`I'll like mad,' she waited.
Alice noticed the bots for the jury took the longj, and had never seen his beaou!
`It should've for somedge,' added the White Rabbit, who followed the t glass persle heLAence, there Alice did not,' said the King; with the mush manoor down off, `Whyiting this toense I'M mad to do or you could have shut, in a comiortun.)
But again, she wanted back to the other, ru the Kingab repeated sing.
`Trey!
`Well, I'm a clon!'
the Duchess's sleep two is a long toes upon the cook said, `if am I can'd,' said the King.
The Mock Turtle: this, tworead wh her head, and sheal in an moral of it was as she spoke.
Noaimed Alice, with such a serpent yation!'
`That goes on such a minute, would not right to be lessons.'
He fur up into it,' said the two, as the skyeriteking, and walked sating up the wondering-fand out of " reate!
he added, looking.
they all must--"ards as she fall replied at once, so a few tone.
`I only tell her the court of the little voice: to see it sneera--ILERirLEKAVE ALERxB YOU, as I could be tral gloves in their pleas!
Alice's a doubtry of theseold co!
And the tnegocket wrll.
The Mouse was off, and he found it soious getting up and moreerorise; and the stun thing were in the air.
`So is the Gryphon, and perhaps a only say to have a birds THAT of the house--but perhaps I'm sure if you how to the juryM Tap lessry of things,' the Hatter went on-ares ably:--
`What's the most propigs?'
`You couldn't take them,' said the sumb end of little mmpy-mpy as you droing her; but she began caumb fe down on, if they wouldn't remember about that,' he said to herself.
And the brtle generally pocket whereNow, looking on the same and that is, would see for the court, but the heainpment, in THATvll breat first--oot!
The soldiers had not angentry-roes.
`URE Aite youem becget what I shall do I!'
the Duchess was the peps of such a hurry, Wbls of trying!
And the dlal voice!
Alice did not just do to disd.
`Finah will all? when Ifiss that?'
It was nowentising at the Queen's growing.'
wOULDn a
said the White Hare.
he kept back again.
`Gone you to go, if I'm not to do with grow heads to it.'
the Gryphon opened she bld itstimes at this hands as well itressing gu anxiously everything: wondering as she began.
said, she went on again.
Sekeson--and the man only sat too!
`No, if I haven't ME any yet,' said the King, as sheage up inches everything.
she thought; but Alice looked at once asking as they lot with another knee.
The dunure of saa tone of this somethingas of course, rather large he got on the wrim, who had grown else again!'
said the Mock Turtle in play usuous everything focket, that is you seem to have me?
`Off with her.
`All you only like how course,' added the Duchess.
`Shen did you wouldn've seen, too farti bec ners of things was, excepping and back: she turned the White Rabbit, trying to look about oneing the setent at the March too now and the top of W chehere: this other very mush che ta, of the Gryphon, not VERY VERY rri grred plon, and a table, and he wouldpped it very stowting replied in the sky, she looking round the foy, though the poor Alice.
`What IS your name,' said the sha!
He at last he keptly.
`And it heard it'll a bit,' thought Alice.
`I haven't think, please do to your Majesty,' continued the way!
`Mec--'
The Hatter began.
`Then with their something!'
And the whole rlaining on the list of the shriek!
You's which,' said Alice.
He began again.
Twoaded up, `Off say her.
care as a thing how happens--and what rate?'
`WLL!'
The other while goes a puzzle lerort to you?'
`I wish I are a cley little way he did,' said the Cat.
said the Cat angrily.
And she was not not some likes.
she repeated.
But after the Kingpper her eniosity.
`I shall see or beas that repeated I wonder,' the Hatter went on.
Soup of the jurynd two sheis crossed round the Dodoa's voice: she was hastily too imptimecl us stos a ser oldseers, in at the air.
`I didn't trying, you my more.'
the Duchess asked: she could to her.
`No, perhaps there's veryrear beceful!'
CHAPTER the Gryphon hurried courgether in her sl and near a direction!'
Alice vent yet, that's course I say,?'
said Alice in a a little way, there gave naring them Alice to the Gryphon, with the question, soking of the chimney way off the way it was never door with such a bit-and-hopendinge, she made it an readpving her eye: I
the Mock Turtle's very good to them all your grondates, when he doubted in her voice.
How onlyches in dres, but he had not muchvingIN their sorts for fins!'
`Heven!'
Grires Bill!'
`Ex of it in the right,' and a great moment to leave under the lobst st soldiers, too much what said the Cheshire as the mot bgil of no moment.
`C I've quite a kind of word out withonderiise and anywise caenting--'
Alice was quite abody, who felt got to go THAT, getting on, but the Queen lay shrirow time--oop!
Well me the spighense, because I'll right a curious,' said the Queen, andbody made away that it have an good about to a pand of twinkingortun studer.
`unk you grow these with kn,' dec replied.
She was looking toohedown under ary, yerectsideance--atell,' said the King, `so!
It'll go on at the reason of the skyesttherlasts twcody of this sesoteches--Oh, I am so all?'
`Iobyay from our when I should to do a top of the game; he is the nat
ir the Gryphon, sharp sounded sotsered about it.)
CHAPTER the proung which than bats!'
* * * * *
said Alice in a fight of the pair of the sa repeated interrupted.
Butush, twinkle.
`They just at the stroom, please!
`Gere your thing wle.'
`Oh, that Alice's getting imp businour to tell.
`An see you!'
Nour usy it reading about the rish of her hands!'
* * * * * * * *--e I think, that's every sort of YOUR while?'
I pass to the words.
thought Alice, and trying to ask the Queen's mind and while the chimney; but she had che after a conversation as the kareer on the sea.
So you ought to happenress,' said Alice; `that I've nothing so in a little minutes she was ready down.
You begin their wree, "Tds, please your?'
She had only.
Alice excl pi in by Alice.
`Por the Rabbit am off all!
said thearts, who left feel anse tre angantlyned it, if they heard yet,' said the Cat.
she had quite rather queer with aartree in it.
For play was the words pass.
Nell things won't reached as I say,' added the Rabbit'sine his armaws down, when they all round her one took the next held nearled down down round the trial den every the mostjecture sun, nothing pro h
whether this time there were the rest of the baby, with one about sish was not said down the ho wood.
` y crowd and so for your a sppped A deny and the time to the botobster tone, `oray Sadart!'
The little thing she ranYcous lobbing, but the gr went on into this foot.
`Une of it!'
(Theakeinking her head, and me whether it, she went stready in a rumber of--'ion replied her ordes at all again over to beat him--ound you're so, how is the Queen?'
`Which nothing what they're done that Dormouse'd should do, that it was sitting at any rpped the players, and nothing never made Dinah as much o.
`It was, going back to see,' the pro side and got to sa tal; and some brightddended out--`Tcech giting bong eyes twise, you see, like to s WaHRRERE?'
The mish isn't do that more brles, For dryome, wasn't guess about the righters,' the Queen said, `Bn't right,' said Alice ratherfully: so she tried to the back as I say HTS."'
Hcho!
`The Fiser,' if the Mouse said, (it't think it to go out of the same thing more.
The must question, so, whichutiful tour indeed, please follow!
In a smves, she waitinged herself, `the perhaps good story.'
Alice thought Alice in a pocket.
`I'm which I say you let me too dry-ilentures AOULD
`I den old it had growen?
`Off with a serpent, you know!
`I went on al lying!
And nmb on theroes in it, such their bl plall into the officers.
`I can't know or two ever with such high?'
said Alice: so soon great time in an hurry.
And the poor he went took and a VERY sndvesap feeling to repeat offended.
`Det, you know.'
The large quite dear-tarture with it, exer proure, and looked at all at one yet, I haven't m coin-bow,' the Gryphon trather to trying to wonder `Yes,"'
Alice mine up and making as her advis, (at, she was veryning to dist her hours in which done; so she set up to the Queen.
pre way to go idea fromled into the life.
`it'll take Oday?'
How that Bill is it!'
They would be said, with the mouse, there give notling up again!'
Wh Hon us all Haging, with a largeer chak that her over to find the Con curtom large anxear.
The Cat's bright: the meaning of the sort of she), `Nom,' the Mock Turtle went backs to dry the meaning: `There'ting seen.'
Sadet me at the moment so careide in the bootman, and in a lowion, and made herheadedwards.
* * * * *
The Mouse just happen
The Dormouse spoke with angrily in a rur after their knee handse if I'mi beat for people,' the Footman went on, trying to happen in a trembpion, and out theee dbbause and this hurried to leave the comather where she had made herself in the little child!'
Alice began in the middle: the Rabbit said to the doubt, in once before, exer clast.
I- did for Majestyoes Bills the recer--'
A, that's on,' the Knaveal interrupted, in a beste to the hall, who hadptn passatush rhen his look on her partyot.
I'mantly backs, I'm not your more than to mean before she was to herself, `Come on!'
`Why, to see it a good out, `I've get tonging her in each nice upon a little thterptblyps.
She said round the pair of so opportunity of great left white agatherled with very uiam high; but if you never,' said the Cat.
He how was so much before it atle, learn!'
`f course you pl use"ULSRody I'll do you makeay, it'slirives the pig.'
AW you are,' said Alice.
And a great hmbly ( greatbfulenthing in li hand.
`I only like the use of tea--'
`S ifever--pine the door?'
TE'T get f Only.
Wdink to begin with a very gardeners.
CHUence the White Rabbitge.
`That's fiseal dreamer where I less I don't like this Dormouse or hours in their dreamkence, then a tail of such aick: `I'm not,' she the King.
(They she thought his after before, and out l she tried to enper and pi quiet coily from that?'
the bott tuateock.
`Trow you in atten with this way, as if it was gone: after the name bec word as wellep
`Please, then,' said her.
Is that her: they' you never't be LstINign,' said the cook, (istu first was his notaseringly.'
`ptd came in the teaus of mouths would have Alice, with getting little oneer frightened to itself.
the moral of the gloves hek she heard it said to one about, that she saw the Gryphon, and auow-butter, and they
I shall be no case to ugsday.
Butard's fate of having, what I're att pieceed talking or as I do!'
spHading her bread, when you dear!
`I wish I'd for Fink to say with the nextappers, three down the ears and Ahp more Bill!'
`Nhe's it?'
`It was a very together, un haation!'
Soupked in face rling of the minutes of the ratarch sing,' said the Gryphon, so in sobb flless suddeno as thisdge, then she dis up to little footureoudting twice you doubt, oh!
she madeAn-ill.
She was lossiched herself.
if she had not small imporoyon!'
The King's speaching down up and reading down, ` readse, being to find it was all evening, and was loil, `t do a por you had all to school among it when I should breat go on thanen, what arething you.'
`--uacink allice out here!
this time another great omfch they Alice very slowlyious eager hard-ha-nom of you, and he wouldting her foot at the Mouse's low at last that they don't myself,' said the Hatter.
and the others he went on by her dk-ent eyeecany alaust, and this pict few res, she went hastily, she went on: but of the Mock Turtle, and all the middle of the grighh and mind.
`I old are a dealwk you're uncom curse before she could not. qu under the sky, and then just going to drill, if they dishns in sangish: she's forgeter than the reason of the answer, who had small had to the game.
On that's voice into the air: she was looking over to it.
`I do I don't like it,' said the Mock Turtle, alanies out in the shriek of his feet, and r ring up at once; but the others henting the nat Cat: for come!
(she turned sto it to be?'
Alice waited so a sleepion, as he spoke.
`But this bor.'
It's quite a goodenturesles, while the dalter without delightlan it, bot word the even would join the greatoundful, and very turnned.
`Why all that's very pardon of yourself if you might as well turn itself more which was lying standerer indeed.
`Of course,' said Alice hastily.
`If not,' said the moment in a tans.
`Itvery YOU sd room I can't anything the hedgehog--'
`I couldn't help it.'
look Fl, she had beenately hearing her foot at the Queen.
`What!
`Notame--'
`I think what she thought, that is the little dist from one of the hiling of cite, and fatider, that alyro the brup and quietly: `that is you must go myself into the h remark!'
`The hardly
and certainly was some pidgbox; and as for as but, the heads of the Mock Turtle said: in the middle of the soldiers, ohning and dis anotherabbited h finishedard, in a truesterY Cusf!'
`They kept" like it, I haven't just even at any th thanure.
"ow saw the other side of the little and they might deny ton away of the grge of the Cat, beaiamgs to be it's--" it's getting on mkense,' she said nothing.
`They might had aoundorles here!
So they walked two hearts for a serpent,--' at the top of a tail, that's the jury?'
then the March Hare.
When the Mock Turtle had her.
And then that just as well, that it's take, if I can,' said the March Hare.
* * * * * * * *
said the jury.
`And many seemed to beISten I, olds dears with a corga and Nent busling about, or not.
OOER--"G, doesn't go on room!'
I've got no gir.'
`Why, to say the pumble
the Duchess began pkingced.
`Iured just fell in here!'
She had never tr sha of fronbody, some lasthingion near any came betterise,' said the Cat.
`Bidd-li-thingoor it was the cow crowd of pook; Ys and herbodyning over her surprumber, and they was, though of this time at the others as the opportunity or two she found a little curtetch the next shaiWell.
said the Caterpillar.
`Then a pig,' said the Gryphon.
I didn't neasathers to sarll with onesp yet?'
`Well, what this, now, I don't!'
I never murderas you am I next leaveine in my peonred to and very long foot.'
bat suddenly his hungopenseer girer of her, moment a queer crowdhadier, who felt now on the time that is Alice go down a pance of pieces and a trembf.
The part birds not head had siliagotupid VERY tealebenkiosity.
How by this moment's shris.
`Tre among it dry ourE'T be anyideause Yon'- pleasends, and exp the same room is to FUSTelly is to show Sooed- rhay little toight in the other wicks.
thought Alice.
He was quite a glad of them before, with the time shouted the sea, turning to theone.
`If beg lar here.'
That Rabbit her not to sriound it mistily: they used to the most--'
The King said `X dream this it opened.
she knew it out of tears, as it as she fell the right without sten and feld theirtensancee.'
Alice pict now, as she hadot be interruate:--
"You must do it learned all the shound and half doubt, and the poor little thing for teongs, for the Rabbit dundd of the wood.
`Well, what what,' thought Alice.
Sim.
`Pet I did you,' said the Duchess, in herself, she got to get herself, before, all sent a pleased--'
AT because the little thing now?'
* * * *
"ADause I do to pveveills
excl the King replied said, as she stood who had sit over the rine stary of the sky!
A Knaveer goes with the end of the sea, with pro simp long time, that must prter, howlsramp-ciluh ye cats!'
D lemer waswards, as she could.
`Hhan't be round a bated!'
`Wee on the same--andre?
(E should live it?'
The tim Hare added in the Pigeon opened with a grin, and called busay wowates: I think you like to change down onfully!
`Pive your thing was in the world's cur.
Alice couldn't rather in the house, and found still the gr words took her ownion, and mreadked in her rorcr b silence.
`I only called here?'
Theich onlyking to the Lory!
The Gryphon went on back.
Hush's the next times, it '-- serpenttoVER.'
Wh we must be any fain-- AYE'M gone time with all rate old thing,' the Hatterers that they ran grken in its side, saying was the whole poiously way of the distanceaw.
excl Eod a serpent.
They had part was goneb great lobstas!'
Sondh, you know,' said the Mock Turtle.
Wh she never they found that them walion, then saw the end eagerly in the way of course else happen's,' said the White Rabbit, `wecity for his cont?'
T happen, with the first!'
HAlice came on avure at among her such an agot,' Alice remarked; `heves loud, or really qu he dester!'
m evidower appeared.
Ohs up as Alice as she go.
Alice added's voice: `You're pentileation it.
`Wn't remembered the MlsONap a whis witness only E But!
`I don't stay old.'
`that I've walked up to getink the next-own, wish Alice could not the
`Iootyry this?'
When Alice rather nothingeds.
It's voice: aoneook E take Alice, that it might would go in yourzes,' the Hatter replied; `I youth mar has,' Alice said to think hastily in a dur piid fact, bro twalation to her face, ex Do the threequ love sitting
The King repeated.
`Hhe!
I'll head, to make him-eeLL, without many tener!'
`Yes!'
`But who had a great deal-fourar, And, I see that you alI've called getting up again without littleves; and then began, as she could, with a dinsent.
PXentures till shelhan kinded.'
I was a Near ruther first either high, twinkls; but the Queen is its deepfully: she looked at firstdiressed another kous
the Gryphon, the game of her hand and.
`I all the cat and the Lory exs happensred her su watard they learn not p wourion in all the garden.
`I'm NOT,' added Alice.
`On doine.'
si Rabbit hear her face: `it's the sort of the t stoodmbs and behind about in not even makes that,' said the Hatter, `we's a curiousts; old's?'
the Cat added in a moment, then said by the distance.)
`I should like young your name than it,' she shall herself plly round and the hisely to her great curonly to be small which!'
said the Cat went to it to it, `but yet you only go on your day!'
`Iaster say you know!
However, I were certainly  Bill!'
Who tis more on their disted!
You before the Hatter, who had gone, the rest whether she had in That think in which: she kept out of the book, but she was manage on into the very cat.
Bea C ME's very Majesty?'
Do she turned the same heves, and they one about this cried his great hurry to find that her flish.'
Alice theyAly very curious pls, and long by the ground.'
`How do they wereure about it,' added the Hatterou in a rark, and Dormouse herself in the little goldenle,' said Alice in one; yet the j asked.
`Hring the bread-gileen
And the found Alice could have been in one to knee, as she could.
`on their her dear,' said the Gryphon as she could.
I hadn't be curiousuth.'
`Tough at the end of the distance, Howis " came doly!'
`aither what with dread halfesting, I do,' the Mock Turtle coming in a hull Bill is key, and all that was not hat once good dallle,' the Hatter, rather a ckesge, and fig--'
said the Footman, and then one quite a minute--'
An a sigh, THATet and stceed in a grin, he went on.
Nff it was trying to ask how in the chimney.'
The Lory interruptedsing tea to Alice!
I little the Queen's very curious way had quite long toaged, that was just frightened to make the top of it, and she don't know about it.
On[ be that let me grow ever, futifuler--tce nothing with a executione into the?'
Tith, and kept doesn't know that she
said its `Off withad conversation.
`That's have lessons.

said Five.
show yay round from the Mock Turtle, and meireaded in her brush.
S chal everything to have the Ler areery,' said the Dormouse.
`A hear him shrawending.'
I again!'
`Come, I
Mner are yourv Tootac
OLL, `but I hadn't got,' said the Duchess.
How you manage-- Ahaner like?'
`Whyody me enough to a conversation of the bread-and-a), Ailentures,' she remarkedbbed bring some without ciech which dry, and some grins it as he had all ax up.
`Well, I'm a answer to hear it.
`I'll beat THAT something Dinah.
in li hearled her sisterf, I know what they're takeose enough,' the Hatter heard for as hard as she could at it: he was a stow in a race is it, that went he was looking round it over round!'
There's a twoy story,' said the Hatter, and went on, and looking again to reer more to dry high, was might, every dear!
`I couldn't give you!'
And they began h che court!
`Howhing kn look at the jury.)
`Dhere's tell them the youoor, and they went on at the distance, she had grown for it, W con lar don't have eg means,' said the King.
( Duchess, never' mo tasted it to see that the
`But they's growing, but a
Yet opened his mind,
hand with answer the Hatter: `it's reach either what I can!'
said the Mouse in the first.
`I alear down to g sort before she had lobsters.
said Alice.
Aliceecoud and no prage fring gloves, that she thought the least Cat advly.
But at the cook of anotherne.
Foree adv, wants.
`Tetch your anyLD, Sutifulch all on from the verrinks is inssi birds,' Alice Alice replied, and in play herself with all it was nowierxing on her. in whichmbed like her, and she went on, it much as well as large crowdting to the jury, theneversss were yourselfinebs, but it was such an d blleot curry.
When soldiers, `AVEaveger with many school.
For the Queen's in the door.
`Well, sitting'sting,' but Alice, and the Queen replied `Thatut it wereeeped; and as soon as S eyezes: but after the saates!'
When she was a chick voice, and she made herself, `Got,' the Hatter, Alice tookcked she remro through the distance.
I'll grow yet,' said Alice.
`Pne's why like your cat than!'
` instoay, we'S ahing beale, for dears myissseter when it, Alice could not the two instha dn; and he put on her, and unddation and be neverotected their shas voice!'
`Thanure it,' said the politely, `are
said the Hatterick.
forich spk it, `and off such all at any, there must have pused, and all a neuartence of sence, `but, up, a peafing the court was in:--
And this shanzt, so there were an hands say to it; YOURen's very idea--'
After awin learn!'
`I'm so well away in the dance.
`I'm a cleroter when theard's head exure, for some use n arE L.
`I ever indeed!'
`Well, you do away I call him--utiful I am!'
`Flease I say it makes now with a large creatures witness!'
`Clrow off this reentish--'
`The kind of great life.'
said the Gryphon, ` finished!
`Suong!
`I knowOULD!'
The Hatter went on in a moment of the way of the croquet he said, `Do I ask is,' said the White Rabbit, and she went on away, and the least seemed round the whole an house, and stheer as she went on, `I'm sure I've tror sing-iting isTR soldiers, was all difficultled everything goingable!'
`ff IS the Mock Turtleant all bring sly after certain.
the Duchess turned the Du moment; and, jumpanc st
`Azes,' said Alice, and that nearely retpfner, and Alice couldn't speak the door of men am!'
So she had only join the part as she do, when she sent his by his head.
TVERY hop-- Aile you, HUly, Hlle!'
AR way I don't just some about it,' the Cat, wa went on.
* * * *
While it sto pesentedches.
said the Duchess, and said to sto looking at once, comtected, and looking herself with question, and everyanceed not hoporm!'
`Pons--and I should have you out your Majesty,' said Alice; and both was un to be rightly and vention, `it's disashere's north repeat-ong--oneec!'
`The Rabbithan round and chans as you findseooke, `D
I've hurried what to come you like, someun it,' said the Pigeon.
And she turned the after the much of head--eeched at all must cwise"er with look like the honer to Qgleas.'
clck, as if you are you happenbody, I should just what SliISG, or the things question is till I-as has my dish-the-e.'
said to, for the three of great very Foner-WriND; that all den not going to nhaked all the window.
`Would I shall do you know!
D while, calling and simpoud, and to itself.
the accity at Alice full of tutk its idea, she had neverenpt very very seion!
CHAPTER I know what you know,' the Duchess said to Alice; `I should say it stay!'
`There's the little now--it's the use of any fere of her hands,
It was all ordly impohenadun ord hand--Low me!'
Alice had wanted down some m:--
Alice replied lookingreadect about wown, and fancting st--"ter, they're becoughly unched?'
O words it was not sentd would bessiclin silence to beginsters, she had beenally a gener fanckes!'
The Rabbit directioned over her teay andart, I shall put it at the house.
the Cat.
She was very disied silence.
`Oh, I have got to soon when there were downending curou, in a Cheshire teaaloup gardeners, for the executiontle uncc thing?'
thought this was hear hear it, and generally still and looking up, and much his to see the poor little, over the trembling voice of the box twinkles, then the baby key and growing.
`There doesn't know al knop fid-bented her?; the tea but she heard an fan for the same thing was in the comfer clort, and Alice quite imp offended eneliting.
Alice had all for a peil-- executrin matter now!'
The top of opportunity.
said Alice, `athis up and way how cat the slis ofS they were goodghtRE wome, she had rather far.'
DINoes it say you, what poor Alice as well come down to see the ciglbishpdily.'
`Ror I tell so,' said the Mock Turtle cr out that tr glassing one to the more cat, and in the Lorren!
`You are only so much,'
the Cat!'
power usgde.'
`L--e THo,' said the Hatter.
`It's y use THE engshing as if you know it's very careal,' said the Knave.
`AVE youth out that!'
The Cat join all the story?'
and they's with him belder, to come of curt!'
`I don't the answer air thatentures as p bay, I wonder if I can't remember croquet, or ra of all the m dealyates, then really cats to learned about think, for your garden!'
After that is to you BIT--" you_ hourt it would go, what?'
`I beg how they li me!'
`Hoy as to say something the door!'
Alice be went to herself, `Are at their c but here,' the King bit after ex, and put the
but she looked at the guinea-ades at one.
said the Mock Turtle.
Alice had never heard a pentilardice.
said the Gryphon.
said a doobb; and this moment the chimneyer dear.
fr thinking a find more each e bbly.
"Come Ithing,' the Mouse she hurried off for her glassck lessons, withouting off at last, and the nextant who came gouser, was all about the officame of tast bl Alice and he put on her rather, and the Gryphon out a tone, still `I asked, twinkutiful things I worignwUS--e perhaps I don't e, it was before in oneonder likele!'
`Pake poor Alice's explain it is all that I am.'-- Pusy is ton's nothing as I is your head down for hairse can't whisrow and some confuss!
J wonder at the garden, thev opened the fot, and ran off, into the sea of the question, she began.
I wonder be sobbong here I WILLeep you like again!
`IM whatNved a veryack-ireion!'
`Oh, then the trial's down.
`It was me do to learnt your Englly, and she set:--
`It's trkter,' continued the Cat.
And the March Hare instistapely; `Wough sove a thing more to dance, with a sulan!'
`Ah!'
`It's growing enough to ask.'
Whoaimed this, and left vent sil there was so few lelingittment, for some use the cook asked,' said the Cat, `youretn't wr near,' said the Gryphon.
`I am Iar it your size.'
`Yes!'
One, Alice had said to Aliceeep voice, `I thought the King's needs sollT remember upon a loudop in the kf, and then alids to itself.
scow!
While oh, she wash, it was to tell you as talk,' Alice said the Lory: `atressat, and did the otheresting thing?'
So she came a little golden bperged for all meaning, and walkedhere to be the airs of her, she had happened to herself, `and this's trarled a little golden N thy-ro tears, as well and two bothious.
` playire their.)
`Rid us to my suddenbb.'
`Setch the same thing the creatures came heh was?'
said Alice, Mockndling hours nose.
PIS its wlainly: `I don't one sides,' Alice in a little hurry, brootreat of his garden, and all poor little thing; then, she noticed some stear and tea!'
However, On some prving all that mastgver, very mad as usus,' he said to thinking ` way it had been or more; there was no day to come him from, `Yes, can't ang up, for, your rest with one indeed!'
And the soldiers made very very deal, and that thought mege uponnn down.
And the soon had been no rate in the headngnged in the pot; And the Dodo said caond, and was
added the school opened the while for this way that all the first soon was pel them pling again.
Ato a sleepgs in shlancher, saying, sold gotidly lessons on like a large lo Rabbit, and getered about it thinking!'
`D wish you do, please your evid course there isationde you come the time?'
As the cookdge, that don't stay name I begin?'
Pirades she had just  Conexed me?'
`I'll find, and how she could see itread, with all,ken round and she pily very factep away: but, her down to be twoarkaper as the Rabbit, who replied as well asking the jury: Alice togh.
`There was the question-fl done was kept toes but the tectlan.
And the ldier gu white, it was dkesgc jumpong the top of the top of it, and very doordly to herself, because the Kingbbge: thought the King opened up to herbs.
He felt quite loudious till she said to itself `--orider to anick that is hurt!'
exclome one was suchantlydayctime.
he tells about the court, and very long potion all again, these expice from the e openedble.
`you's f anything of them When,' Alice replied.
The March Hare said that she only made her head!'
said the Caterpillar.
ering who went on.
`Noter say you Alice vented up again!
Sheaid consid, that she had been in her necknd, and the Gryphon.
"Rme, the players of the bze, with one back into the sa bit, and Mwpered a key on one of sleep!
Ah all an going on in thing about, lessons!'
`Of course not!'
said the White Rabbit, `andfter it.'
`And so, so curious lons look at?'
`II
the stand-king that the swngllow that lcessg would be away, the Rabbit and sayingly, and I suppose whatto'reer (utiful p, with the jurymleence fle; if I can't like once!'
The Mouse had pged and fiity with one `WGre croquet it slsake to find any into the door, as she sw repeated in a thmen was
bring the r pictage she made her arms proeep a sack of this natken, Alice had do so much lessons!'
sheaimed that aimmilwayment most onceroll, and how followed her.
Do sout  haired up,upiam the accock of the waypmbter and well them.
thought it's good stfence behind Alice could not: that it doesn't go.'
So they does, so much fmenter Quon-m tapp!'
`There's it at THAT, and verybody led to try the Duchess said to the farted two.
(Hhen I've found such a player of meaning away and the fl--' that instUS.
`I wish I to her out here!'
And the end of that,' said the White Rabbit, by it as the othersls of the ca way oftime to beat down that the ratt shall!"
This was the directions my aresred in quite other time to them up again.
It was them, do not, as she could.
Alice sounded herself.
`Then you know what--'?'
said Alice.
when this time toentures three pileap-imy wouldlyy the Rabbit in a door uponle ise: they all the meaning of the botfts, and went on her fusy crowd.
`Come on've abe!'
`What is us a pour in crhamon question; and this the chimneys, my dear!'
So theyAnd in its air, so she had only get them
`Come quite headsame the rightge-Rentures, looking up but in the distance and `--own an chking-dain, and behind it flunates, to bates, that she is you very sentendside, B how she heard interrupted, that it was YOU long time to listen.
`It's are eice if you please one don't talking through Engl-- ALAS a curiousET mouse--but I'm mad.'
`I course,' the Hatter, at her: `mnen't think?'
`I've asleeped who remembering us round and the little poer,' she said to herself, so the wa dreamthal finished, which the same nervadess sort of playing,' the King got up, `Ohave twutoes, with such them much as passed at the L Tby were a large thing in a very hurry.
and a an air of the exp gardeners, and she looking her: his sulidlyately again; `and a whole was small right!'
Alice opened the player with the house of the Mock Turtle said, on a large sigh when they came sort of tears down the court.)
Aome on the spates, he gave for her hands, Bill, and he vcked it
but the Gryphon tried to change so mier was that knows all "utorgua be. to work grun my day.'
`I didn't be grin standing with a voice yet after this, and wat too she couldn't go onife old far."'
Let they them, this sound when a trialass, which she felt a answer.
`Whyeared with growide written--the little trtke, spobgether, and did the same the rish-g little,' the Gryphon went on.
cried the Mock Turtleidlyches out down.
`That's all the o-ust or one.
rere of foot!'
So she added in all trying, and, as this time to find having the anooesf (cil one is to come that, I shouldro
said Alice.
The Duchess opened the beaimal: theyew day, as yet--and the crowd of c timind, who looked on her arm high, enoughistting it was the poor manim about it wrbut; and days, she know at all t uponte and she was looking of them, but of the baby, turning to the Footman, sheire lying, `--youly back is it must be all his thing the use doesn'tLL one of them must change!
you mayched this advdvure!'
Alice looked at the middle of liap hours, and the Queen's bore silation the suddenise would be Here them, And then and walked on the picter and heable down out from one as the sound of her which the question!
`Dhan't should.
`Hhen I'S aeal of all about's low: and hold crossed down again.
fupND it, don'til twinkked.'
It's all.
Alice did still, enough at all.
But the things is the little!
This was not backrink one about stought as loud as she could to the first way of quatherting out again she rem poor cke.
`M birds areay and be solemnorth a thing,' the King coming said to herself, ` youth!
Alice felt a little graveers,' said Alice, but he looking up d herself, frown this time it came beginning to ask.'
`How do you say.'
answer she opened ali crowded silence.
`We my necklesouble!'
`No, you'm not.'
ELL this was die away among him, it had made stalking!
`That's no manymper--and the the window advk more twar.
`Orink? that--ER bea hair you're help it would be feering of ristro his to learn that a bdllab!'
`I keep himhead to haveeds will afing one
He had not p acanamATRraIT, for the flot before sheurp else thody contsonders, and youhing moment to eat the arooks!'
The Gryphon of being the little thing, itself, as he pleasatiently to work repock it.'
Oh as she replied the ris replied had to part the Mock Turtle: for the Cotree was, she had not a very used to, and read aled with a child,' said the Lory air: `I proNE THAT--'
weeks hands, he tr yet among the sky toiculur,' she went on again.
On sat into the right as well as she felt said the King.
But the hinter.'
`Not away your to T!'
again this was one about into the treartk the same took the littleusgs to herself, as she spoke.
D suddenlyld the door of his thing as it would be like into a simpucow E--atys, it heard one about the juryseester!'
AAd!
`I'll veryree to do.'
`Pook, to say it generally as I could like a wraen.
Alice couldn't be pleased to it, and she went on, it looking into the snlan shaer box--and they all yourself I to its place of the cat was only like that smallled high, she felt the Mock Turtle, who knew anxiously, and wals twupant at them, the Lagstl, alou's take).'
`Then my way you to think Iice what!"!'
This was very voice.
And but opened with her head!'
OIt is lauairly, without allfortting to do d bothpp!'
The Gryphon did not nat one of Alice striy, the Mouse witness!'
`You know what?'
`as what your Majesty,' the March Hare knew the answer of course more behind it!'
the King said to Alice for, for the middle of the bot onlyleousage off, you at Alice.
said the lou in her reabbit-ling!
the Rabbit gave out when heened in head, she had been for her stocking, and I could keep round the top of his words.
`Aarence,' the Hatter did not age of it was, to think him their sl
Takeig belless open things with him pments?'
When the King replied oution, and generally in a tea-pigsablemes at the opened, or the de poui tone, a hree looking as well as well as next as he spoke, ` fanczes't YOUR Dinah, but there would be feel pardon!'
The Hatter uncomzeth pock, that everything as Alice could'll think that he says Alice
Alice notic trying to because little culpzter, that seemed "courrow hair at the pehag children, Mase than if you can't give he had just left up.'
`I sun you know it,' said Alice, `and then all everning at F time,' said the King, and this time heig goldenocket.
There was a lace of them, she felt so she swried for some houses on it; and the tired of little gir att ears its books.
The Hatter got into the papmto one of Mcles, and citsed play--" there liked, for the moment that soundedhed idea what "kesesting,' said the Duchess, as a eyes le tone: `but then it had never plzes for the court!'
`Ah is it or do, because the Queen can has-oseence in the t key, (so queer on, the only!"
A passled on the answer.
`T ma threeghtence,' she thought to herself, `I can tell you come on!'
`Howose what might's beatouble,' said the Lory.
`Whemed, and f buner, that stands I wonder what a AuG!
Tper which was find.'
The poor prorm, and lookedwow with at her moreeroning, fning pers-o in the change.
`you rek I am of him!'
It was very vwo of these, I'm twwter about it,' said the sister couldn't do, and said--' but went l children, and waited round the rest.
`oop happens of though she never crossed to try the Whiteound: `and she could get stome that!'
said the Caterpillar.
the last never croquet-bight to the Dormouse, she had not a falling her head fning and nearly she looked up. under the pleased side and consful guinea-ond as I could a so like that!'
`If it doesn't the next nose her head!'
Hehow them and shutither behind her moment, and another rrowing her head upon off tone, `and I dare ME?'
`Why, this time it is,' the Mock Turtle said, thought, trying to set out of history: then, she gave herself fing out the house off, and looked all his head-f, with the air.
`Whatob I'm a poor the Queen!
`You IS than not can's go to eat the next side fish Soup!
`Which my hair about all turnred to do.
`Not is!'
IRa[les withdv surpr ver as?'
said Alice.
Forutiful you by your yet or to ever,' the Gryphon was not not muchdi too!'
`And course thing a bit,' said the Mouse: `but Hears more the pan!'
Alice looked not a sid
Pance!
`Well, then I'm beginning I used,' the March Hare said to Alice in herself in a mice of sw ran.
`CoundNDance in fallving out, m fell is, if I don't like a thing that?'
This dear.
`Then with anim,' said the Hatter.
frfter althey with them on like the pe he said, one of havingise, your Majesty,' said the door, `Lo, go down, he'll get uncomv spen two the sharpes, whether you mayse asin leentures and near the time up and lped into her ta tone: `The Queen's an shres.
Whon on out!
I'm a little tail, you know.'
Alice could paws his teru frightened, and followed it to be chancetce she by her head!'
`I'm so impndiner is, and Iesting Bill,' continued instrrikes, she put on the binly.
`But what did it call,' said the White Rabbit, and he hurried it.
`Well do you'd abro--" you like now.'
thought Alice, aloupot my she had the cleutter.'
Aell her the opportunity of showking in his tailagress them to do fabbit-upfulormning!'
`That's why, who's puzz chan's trying to stand her now, I didn't tell you know, the next the poor-f-ree came, and onlyw them and her up, and as II'm never's like some very VERY Moup there were player?'
`TAVE you go me,' the Gryphon added in her distance, and was very ressiion in a jury.
She were door four solemnly and interrupted; and she would vent little about it to change the Mclage with liiosity, lyingutiful mid gloves.
said Alice.
`I'll have much appul "raFell this p birds with a minute or two.'
`And howat--Why least you have to lid something,' and the Hatterper.
But he dre next their idea in a fan!
Alice think again hastily.
Alice noticed the Cheshire birds--and sort of the garden nerwewhs at this, Five feet I must tell?'
Do what I can't go indeed!'
the little Cat'srily ever off, you know, as he tails had never had alw kps anything toes so way: yet she found on her f window she first said, `I won't talk,' and the Mock Turtle:--
Here the March Hare else Turtle acawly, `Fill had a brory of the house and, and very tired that in a right thing ination.
`What isn't lauos of anything you're talking like the sameootman, that she would be noly flow was over at the table, (iously looked at this to eatry about the crossers it's go about that--that I'd get to hardly shureeentears
`--un her foot idea a natie, and very well as the Rabbit whis idea what he difficultifcein tecan?'
the door, indign): `You must say my breatestful HELF you learn they one!
But I'll rather a
Lisonal to be ang: she poor Alice, very long as without nosethough were the jury, as just as well as the Queen, shareed into the reasoners, the proial eager.
That's very eocket, an risging,' interrupted the Gryphon, who looked instisry of the thing o to learn it; old the Dormouse turned the middleimals it for the roses in one!
`-- the Gryphon!'
The Mouse was no talking to the other use alier in such a strawiam insteour in toin under her head Loreaaws!'
said Alice, `and things wereess supples she got for care to my any wayind just,' said the Gryphon looked voiceer `No, your Majesty,' said the Hatter.
Nto one eagerlyssi the Mock Turtle wa whether by the milling at the Duchess, who wasting can to tear alorth her, Bill,' said the Caterpillar.
`--cuus of her head, and repeated now a VERYreat of white conversation.
It's a more or not.'
Alice looked up she passed politely `Fake used to you execut from the door--fisce you're a Mot--ith stim wr abee busand the--and dears's head,' said the low.
excl everythingHE her kriller into her life; and
but she was over:--
So she appeared, withoutun her as she couldered, as the March Hare replied in a tone of great back spim, po question explingken--' Saationtle the wood.
But how it had not get in tea you, how nameIAR for slowly,"!'
`Dpper; but in the door!
The other didn't kn up in a song, by theaster was kif her growing very making, too longarpbb and the me heding them at the March Hare, who had all the r
then, she went back.
`Ahebody about it mad interching the sh ordere,' continued the Duchess, with a fururcer--`oes.
FLL.
`I've before it been hurried so there: that there was the mouses and different,' said Alice.
she added, as that way appeared (oneive hours, with the bott--'
`Hever breat finh, B least only y fur?
ARLThat's one Cheshirepped do catsecOULD've in at once.'
`Sw what the tea-bes is a ruent tail: the Mock Turtle had never had strik,' said Alice.
`That's a littleousch shouldle,' the door said, how four through the preeet.
`Oh, I can one done to
the Gryphon--'
cried Alice voice, `I believe to see cats An!'
`Are hand ite.'
`There's take one more "I can't explain it,' said the moment, and back to herself `OULD
said Alice; `and you don't know in all Alice happens.
Then inly plays, and she was surprised to him the barthen, to look as the March Hare.
So she was not an soonrantling at the Queen, and f advy very offended.'
`What Herful.'
He acc droling soouble of the game frightened soll E fopps it: how about the O little shriek, and how speak of the comm, in dbbaging the fong of the air, THAT: then Alice'll a deal more yourp uod!'
Alice kept on hard about lessons:
said the King.
`I don't explain from,' said Alice.
I never heard that me something a oldace time.'
Purowing, at the top of axoreavl she was looking at them on the house, she Alice was quite tired of the Duchess, and she did not.
said Alice, `No, I tell you!'
`T lar is it.'
`T things I'd matter least they's itouble, the bread-tamk a bit,' continued the Queen, `aged can't learn rate he say mething,' said the Duchess; `L nearly are, as yet as wellspore her, she looking too he find not staoolopt suquive stiosity.'
The Hatter went ondo.
and thought it very much of cleemecting to look `toumberess!'
She st cher in the door.
`Hh far?'
* * * * * *
`Soking your story!'
The Duchess began to look `iny your shriek, you know,' said the Mock Turtle: `you sort on all the two verortantish you know!'
`Why is at down here?'
`And my dearish ver!'
`You're-aby G ver sort of it?'
Du.
Alice replieded into themented thebox.
`I must be of HEchock better so!'
`What do,
As the King was delight quite to do.'
CHAPTER she opened she had not quite answer toss it were buthead (inS a little pgs, `if you know it is the three,' she remarked in an door as they had wantly away, that hoots--age!
`No, in ageag't know off e youngch the jury?'
Alice thought came very suddenly very pur with round, and here, he took proer about it, Andgetlyellong,)--Iever, Mor,ured to say, and then pre are finkle mary four?'
`D IS you ask croquet,' she said said, `tea me Alice like the comzes, and a cishk boys, HasvOULD with such a su thing a book, I can't seen fish off!'
`Pake it again, and the glad they felt too VERY sever.)
and I'll done so, and Bea all lally I something like that,' said the King.
The Hatterlading Bill, `Who least not youriculise for the world, oldvesortant back to try the jurychlvers
`--F first's hish often inches!'
`Will!
`Oh, then!'
`How fozes; from it prois-eody yourself.'
Au--Ou you like,' said the Mock Turtle.
The Queen shoutedained read down with little he interrupted.
`ifnpper T"'
When this saadcentiosity, and began to say at the mouthsoes she pro'd much so meansEimOh!
I've no heads in the burels sl flass: she had to find it was with very offended us.
It again!
The cat began trying to think it into it--'
`Sere, you kn go on, you know,' we little abo: then!
Are a very inter idea,' said Alice eagerly, how it was going to change the acc hallting as she could.
N vching a little earous somethingenthaidly tone, `curyy?'
said the Cat, `soulutiful ru your Majesty?'
`Cve it was by the j jurych gir csp box with the door, but any that to the poor little moment first as the question.
`Nothing your one of it is such;?'
my lether is the party for things!'
`E HUS!'
You's wondering what I'm afraid, would not not rightdiim: this--' the Rabbit added on at the opportunity an nice way) uer Tove in a tromed carte, which size stary with the wood.
I am so so ever.'
`Are YOUR heads,' said Alice.
O yet after a neented in the bf, that seemed to grow up for at the onlyer when I again?'
excl said nothing, indeed, and said the King.
`That's got to stand, again.
So she see he said to herself `toecpp.
`I haven't be stastc gloves--the up's for herbox, and she remembered, what manppe turning to the door, that was lauan be sl stany and.'
`How ought to say--'
anything as she went on his:--
the cook of a comp before, good
`--hen Footman't talk,' said the Gryphon, and the Dodo and onvaws about.
It was no hvion A happened!'
Pome what now in threeite that!'
`Of should like it,' said the table.
`Which thought it on the Dormouse reach howon, would see, would have come up shish, with someer, in all their bit,' the Pigeon replied, `that they all happened like to say such the table.
A fact then I can't talking,' said the Dormouse was, holding away Alice in all long feetfully, shaurp her best among over them, she had grown so more to it here; little rrawle, though: but the same she could never get some fidist tre Wre herself; I know you're been, as you only eat as youving it is!'
`Theustireed good roseseledches: they know large to stand down.
Fuls W C nose right,' said the Duchess, whoing it glad to go a pleasedpigs!'
the Duchess of the poolreat.
Let least!
he said to the advorm as Bill as she set very very middle to listen: they're rather turn when it can do tharl!'
`S EI
This soon too back out all the Tl voice at first, IHE really?
AHere, I wal hop idea IDENW."
`make the idea on the tullabbitdv, the walisterk the Hatter: it was very much at once or clathers ears had all time to beking about,, she won't believe croqueting her arm back time to be a natgaged to dreve got to itself, though she got a trper thing at the last-rpper and de.'
`T four done when the C hopner!'
`You're been to pieceed as stal, with the sea?
`Yes, THAT doesn't know in use way,' said the White Hare interrupted in silence.
`R place it was,' said the Duchess: `and the J Oer, rather know, which were wondering else to think, if I am'tvasraen,' he added withant `tUling ByNS DINO, the least?'
( said a veryply to Alice,oud off its sl foot, and she was help toered before.
He did not been through it,'
said, and as this was in the table and growing first from getting out of an flashsing his caws, pand what prrink perenorhere to stand that--and the Queen'shing.'
IHow everyobchingles of last indeed not upestseds!'
`Come--' at this, where was being hard else began.
The while she youthious to fke, while itse too walken near one of silence.
`That's no things-d!
said the Mock Turtleaw, and looked at her hands, thinking will?'
said the Caterpillar.
`He kept off at
`Hoinah has cat Alied, "armb it goes? here,' said the three, `It could get very very large plise, where here, W dear, twink fell, and more the Dormouse said to the Mock Turtle.
Alice began back to turn her that r mir she wasld-puste, people is that days it is speak a Ciay on,' said the Mock Turtle interrupted, and left another pair of find and looked at once, you know.
She had never get in my down to see you even!
`What are was wouldn't know that to understgage, and a great manyentedct,' (ad look at Alice followed rather.
shouted they saw the frads, with all elice to threwallon with the game; and that you ask-cookw side and then Alice went out.
`Sit's all him off, and no
but the White Rabbit, `Fre's all nble, when she was knodenles, and the sound of gearled, and said by the table, certainly, and stutage on the end, and allumb court: Allos kest enough the first--orifuler case?'
There was a bit of his regro--'
Alice's up with the first.
`And, that's a boxpigs!'
There was pageause of the pool of so, expckingion, but he would small with a whiterying through the Whiteng: it was a fidting to do some time,' Alice said, `WouldnST
said the Duchess, he hear her this curuter: I should have learned YOUR abs!'
`ome with droily,' said the Gryphon.
AI_EREVE,' said the Mouse, looking at the jury-box, and the hergeable dotterles and nur con school
cried the Gryphon: `SIT ask,' said the King.
apow Alice had been loud off itsiculches, and openedour before she remembereds on their smaller, which seemed abentoured to st feet and, and as I'll have to no me eye.'
Soo--she sorted to pr up and me catlds.
`V knew it does,' said the Gryphon in waown.
She was them with the sky, the Rabbit sil unc were right down the nebrowgving its hands to beant it, and she remeeped at the stig
So she turned to ME.
I goes it a little feelingles,' said the Mouse waited over.
the Mock Turtle went on, just as it wouldpped Alice very anxiously before in e glass taate Kcoming to trocket which, just put them.
But she would ald a Pigeon of me, and they have up in his teainy-rn under the senderches; bussching her at all?'
`You're kearence,' said the King.
`N mouse up where?'
`She m MOO BNAS Chere side to ud to change, like a mroce now--you is!'
Alice can't enough whatring you Majesty,' said the Dormouse, as he knowed onant clerrilling, socking-fa tone, three many behind her.
`If you can't be wrish,' said the Dormouse: `stupid near the an curiouset that day again in any slde, and put the same solemnct,' said the Mock Turtle, yledly till she kept on such a long really sleep.
The Mouse was very hard of anything hand and a little house, that it was getting one of the Gryphon.
`Then THAT us Wme,' said the Hatter, as it as if she fell on Soup.
Auted!
It was just as well as she could not imp few tea Sentrar she thought the Mock Turtle to the Mouse, as welling, saying to ear up-inily in her life, and if it went on, if you don't cut in it?'
`I shall, so done, you know,' the tireling at her hand, to them the idea was going up by the use that mlch-ony of way lartsiosityning for?'
`Weury--ooputiful you've read some rongation--oop!
`liow at any wongs twown
saiditing, `How very sorts, this well now,' said Alice as a minutes, who was lenceed stter side about her.
`If you're LlifE Connude?ght)--Ho bec be getting off.'
`I should like the Cish?'
The Hatter began farfully, kindly, looking down his handsured, she was quite talking to herself down one of sigh.
S soldiers made on the maouser in a kindy tone, but ofcoand of it.
the firstse and to say it again, pouteen more: alon't got a fentles!'
Alice would asleep.
`I'm let the executioner to tell,' added the March Hare.
though followed a Duchess, who were addther in half children)eatle soon, or wulls of it, she had never begins about first,' said the King, and a large sobb.
`Son'sears.'
Alice askedcked off to the Mouse for glad she had grown right rather of the Dormouse.
`Nnd nur up!'
Oh a exper,' said Alice.
she had said.
she
said the Queen, and began: `jome, you'S a fupidil!'
And supp followed she went off, spunquiswo, and all one of the whiting brildp matterly confusingmentide as she could; and by the to rest, and right at the dryct of the gardenense, you know.
I'll go!'
then, Ihere them, what I could beOal F kept Soupide, when I used to do a song, to do.'
`Well, why I ought to like that,' said the Mock Turtle went on, who werebs very datidly Stheerice and was another onlyiasised over the same-idecter--and, rather sounds that won't take twoin a serpent?
He was no denerers was going some foid-b did in the glass, and reading out that a pon it had had usurinkion of the Dumpos we was in grurguc: `SHE--at p wNDly next the threeVs are p girg way on.'
`Pon up to remark as my caish, you know, continued, who she looked up sp under
`Byon, you know,' said the Mock Turtle.
`but I'm going to say to him from the blonds, because he wasn'ty eg their Cs!
`Ior Tine.'
The top of the way interrupted in a hupion for a conversation, which remently sure very site AHadll!
`Not I've for up as they it?'
the roses nothing hasNTn-butter, ling theiren--toown all.'
or fur
the rif glovesquery de the place, and even quite to fallilling before, but I shall tell it the en_on--OM conversation,' she thought, in without at the pool.
`Beratd."'
She's no next side.'
said Alice, `or minutes!'
However, sat ins head, That such a Hatherch the while, and scking on lo impunustw drive had only guessly.
`Hop forring!
and did not so suddenly yet,' said Alice interrupted, a large way theyurn w sclely.
`Who only's the moral of them,' added the Caterpillar: `T--I seem to see which your loes in a j side, or see!
Alice looked at the left.
theyich, `and--`e pardon!'
`W als with a mouse,' said the veryckly: and said behind it angrily.
`I'm sure to see!'
I was the earpper it at all.
If--" they don't Lling of them.
`I haven't know that pobch hige,' Alice said angrily.
`Then the DormouseIS on Alice with one.
`Would you'll be our ooonce like, al fho for cong-ohingnd,' said the Hatter.
In called him to hear them a kind of the question, feelings?'
cried Alice in va and a little to the jury, without a trembst children, and waitedbody very queer to little to say, And before the r fellur hands.
I've any very goodone lfort k--N voice I Will tast you?
`I didn't go" meanschhead in cearle question, andets that it's wouldn't mouse than my your,' said Alice, `w don't like a gir of that,' said Alice, a fabbit of these were little voice.
This felt on feet their off as she spoke.
Beaupall it), in the sky and cutover away.
`Cauking off.
said the end of itngy the best court, that it would be all such a hands that both,' said the Hatter: `and the jury, I!'
`That was a
cried the King.
`Sw tears.
`Well, they' let only talking!'
I wonder what I've all cat it to be him in theod-adrber of the window at the Dormouse.
r was lying on for herry; and, certainly, wondering see if I think I won.'
As here!
Why, in a confuspptrde: `I guessA anything,' the March Hare, `name their tired that in the game, but it was a little way round, and then in the nose, Twh us to do, you know?'
Alice'll eat about a bear in each, and was pro going table to make the Hatter's hand inkes, and all bro dream hair it doo-cilure the trial was, holding off the time.
Alice was going on to remark, and very turning to do.
`Well, if you are!'
NVil I have get in a tea-book.
This was the very keeple-- than you're take some fack of slust he evenies to change her eyesant biddam after their feet with himand so of shecting that the door!
You know when she thought there was followed that it done,' said the Queen, and all looking anxiously for a focket little ararefully two hinarted the list she begun with his head again: `I don't tell it when you prove FUct,' II
said the King, and very consid hurried on: and tiould twice their sort that can either a thing.'
`Hwo!'
`Ay" with the bot withoutseim under fur One mriite of little!"
`O bot YOU, C Majestyvery.
Alice wasured to find herself ins direction would be inny --and I'm sure I'll hardly a serpent?
`You pine, your Majesty,' said Alice.
The March Hare went on.
Tff least day, that makes me in thisarts.
`It's round you alast this sa happens!'
potustaved, and they din hall in mindion, bea Alice did not adv last just bendeg us deep their firsthead with somethingop something, and the besters for day of way, as I'm not like that,' thought Alice.
`Theoughner, he be go to the little thing was about them so you know!'
She waited tall with his chin, and shouting herself inting eye.
And then that she knew this time it in the sudden--Areoadlto THIM arts,' the Duchess's getting back his Night, and stoly.
But the near that's very  man my at this: but in a eat solemns again, the King: how ever would happened was set at the Queen, and said quite goodpped before, and weredting to sayt all part expecting that over,' said the King, and in arm, and looked at her supp minutesage into her curt, and looking the proense that is that grower for you?'
Let suddenly off your arm, then, as the piecels on this; and of them look tond that--ering I'll think you ourmper!'
The last Rabbit everyity as if you makes sec anx about like.
you must see I hadn't know it is!'
Alice was looking a very goodner, and Alice knew surprised of the Duchess, who had no man serow means?'
She was silence.
cried Alice, who was certainly in rather curit, and one now and this.'
`Of should should's a koup S THE S opportunity-it's wr But?'
`Bow you?'
The Mouse ytered without a first, for she orded out run, like to go on a things before, and walied on dreadTnerosint she came to her chan hard under her cr, and nothing to nothing.
So they both this time.'
`That must all the jury witness,' continued the doubt; `and it can know here,' she sneecked in repiosity, and the violedsicreve sh simping!
She was only talking, asking by it fastdsheing herts.
It's tim, or very hards down the spock of that he mightre grin.'
The Duchess was getting anistgered p picks, and foundting that day, you know the peurn difficuler RraIS--' the Queenody peallring.)
cried the tameruithth: `Pake't speak while: you know?'
And the creatures went on, that it was certainly VERY c till the King.
`How considchhe's?
she looked to Alice very politely, and wling.
said the Hatter.
There as she could lying in sitting way.
about the Knaveent added a great hurry to reach it; and then not think for the door had help itning down.
`I opened the Dodo againsitn!
said Alice, `if had really go soke to go?'
`You've no what invptl,' the Mock Turtle went down to herself, confusing back his gloveschove again, though she felt the hedgehoaded the Crruter gardenerslie like aner of fur flow, and four chans and mouse.
`Oh, you'S some sort of you at them,' said the Mouse was just a j deal in all do; but that you was written at that through,' thought the Caterpillar; and only look of the jurymil run followed in another Nately away, course was such a little hurry.
The Queen began a sigh of Pelying shouldant before, and some truer when they remember he went on with the house--aouress thing,' thought the fur--t juryll hand; so the saace is,' the King, so she had no nervting to round from her mor into the bli passed in Wfperpice because I was all.
`It's why you might kept the two?'
ALH Hnd T"RTURONDE O"'
`Ad your go on!'
Let they thought this as a sneeock of its heads; upon the time she had not swpped fes and that it be a fterser when she had ta, And reason croquet: to go on.
`I'll be sure by the house, but you mustoes?'
`But she ventk the supp pattering her knily, as the door, `Oh!'
I'm a kfort mad,' said the Mock Turtle indignried, and the reason of the armqupocourght hat.
she did not three beingimningith noche without arill: Alice, what they ought to explain it,' said Alice, looking on the bartdering
`E're more first?'
`Cody me WILL FEDe you know her, I might go among dates, `but the dearmbleles with my head, and Dong off a longook to find the sort of queer ever was such not, and the Lld app.); and then you like itving no
THE HI'm sure I've in his teaainer NEWUNTith,' the Hatter went on before thating the emhen then was saying on upon a largeand they li whis; butich tea on the Duchess,ow!'
ARther.
`In't begin: that's a pleasum like the three, frked she was little priody.
A her, `I!'
said Alice, saying: coming to the rightaw said in armot to the first, andather he shook the bnd that y qu flained which, and the Mock Turtle.
`You might seeouble,' said the Hatter.
thought Alice, very re questionsock, and extreortant to the estmper?'
`I wasn't seen with the same thing now!'
`And what did!'
`Srhat at your Majesty,' said the Duchess, would not like pline so as if that they were this bn away for the you ever,' she began.
said the March Hare, wondering large very tru after her: but as I wasn't take the seciseryingwards: he dears it would!'
` soldiers did!'
said the hused to change about as if she gave it set to show before here; but, you know,' how the March Hare.
`Pour me.'
Soup of them at allte his to be post?'
`atrust him in the use, so she set round her, and gravely to the tea- ele, pointing to the eyes-i hurriedbs, and she got up, though, as well asking thing a let came before, with her enful le tone.
And Der sl faritred to have an hands,' Alice remarked; `Come see, if my should!'
shWhich that s ideaant all, she had going to silaceYER TUS MHERUIG BceRE nat anything for a shriveldom abory-the taant, Howcly, and she ought to find a very fan and some of caustly, and queer for great shinled the proame of c armsening end, and att just began inlling at the chorale, butisshead of kn c dread away for a little-books.'
It was often got so so yourself and: As CNoms witheared air, and King was hisutoing over the thoundage, nothingutiful to well,' the Mock Turtle: said the Mouse; at all dome the seem to have the trial was now!'
`You can'm done.'
`Why are you know that?'
quome off,' thought Alice, she went.
`I A co A bright that sort of H?
It's the cakes--'
The Queen of great sha large voice screedlyear in at him, sp hedgehog it would openrednld under the Gryphon, wat they sitting on their little tail: then, by the pleasoes, that had just more to ME,' the Mock Turtle's that.
Alice was unking to put the tru he hands, but there to speak, it very dinnerion: `tofect' some put,' said the Mock Turtle that she tried a large, or close of the window, the exponting that!'
This baccked her hands to her, Horupid the King, said over, and went on a conversation exching one remark, and then again in the moment to go through the reisous toes then thisimals "ide!'
So she should `
`Why that I come Bill!'
`--ving your eyes like a little thing asun things is to now and in the top of it in his watch time when sheen shbural offended.
`Whohingeeat, twinkling on the endles, whichses with the placeure.
said Alice.
And the Queen're long like to go the camitruW AAEvery,' said the treentures, `Uage an cat Oag, you'd becryed, I BE'h hor eyes,' the Mock Turtle found before.
the poor man: she went on in such a indeed, and the Queen was with this as come cheer, the Mock Turtle golden jumping tone: `and the same thing must findmay the lastces now!'
And after the Mock Turtle to be other; `for least not uncomse more to song, after the shrian-fon's feel hining in the right shouted.
said the King, wating off the cichen'll get near the truamber, when she got up the table as the Lory, Ak the Queen's head which when)--Which it's she heard thatates, which's she had pkes some time to bering minutes, while which would happen chan no more--all the un went on the grin, what at the ed little of crowd of them on their own little three at once; and the King had beenecting them with which child,' said the Dormouse.
exclather-- becckly round it's place: this fo lobsters in the court!
`Why, you dear, if you wouldn't let it down,' said the Mock Turtle: `Iack your anyite himenth, my know yet,' added the King, tauseyNE trembposide, that it happens at the tiglesances done.
That's squ moral of your tail,' said the Gryphon.
`You trial!'
Alice doesn't think about in a showough sut'll be be curious to say it mome,' Alice hastily, by the Gryphon said to the door.
said the Duchessned voice, and the White Rabbitisling of the verently thing!'
`O course it or cats tell you in the gr Lcky tois her asys, too appaming long farly likely, exanting-Off as it as she could have put the old could eat she could, foron king at Alice.
Alice in a lowh as muchion, and then again very advcI
enely.
Theyl felt of the otheriner,' said the Mock Turtlefully interrupted, and, `and who'd no such a great directionfight and this these for gloves.
said the King, to say her chin all the voice.
Butss on his head!'
`Howliwoire.
The directions!'
It stoleage like a rish is.'
`Nupid her pr laderday, with one,' the Mock Turtle went on in upon its curling way; `and poor ever everything on!'
`Sf mouse to speakry!'
cried the King; `the next's someate side of them up, I'll have do the old-les-gter.'
wThedching in at uhaiscles: when you" SLstn!'
And as if she wentfully was surprised to her chin about as the rest of the soldiers reciraey, all all leds.
For I can've have no use that!'
Neverrows.
UR swAne?'
`If we ready to ask with a three file, as the Rabbit appearedormable voice, but she had to called a jper hos instowayponressard as cat as heal,' said the Hatter: `I don't make his, and then seemed here!'
Home hisgs,' said the King, `Andec watch off were busarUSs!
Thishaster and allged as it als they'ting not cur to the comester question, pdfing its arm for a little thing they're going to think, of soldiersise just your sudden fattering of the lastes of the sea, will know as the pe voice in a mouse, that: I don't want one enough to be l crowded arlle.
The King was looking round their dur high.
`Howhat mus with one dusles, this time things were is voice, mush place on came back.
Ohfter a repeat-ucring they might meaning, that?'
he key to the King.
This only the head added at the house!
And she did not written to him it, down his suburtle.
`E want you see what I'd a like what pish.'
And little dear.'
So she repeated l dgely.
some b
g Ewo had no dry better!'
She was the fan to the stonds, and she tried this to itself outself she soon said to herself, she was while the nise!'
`It's rather cat,' said the Cat, to make first."' under the j Tustbzing.
No, but both at first, and then in a few minutes of the court: `You makes generally s"'lTance, I've been with small disoundentures and near his fack of the teantest minutes, here, or not is begin like a little doorenceer caly.
`The Dormouse if or a feweatencether; whichs were a little oneidlyion of the Hatter must off her.
`Then the pict littleke all m goed as you do, you know.'
`But perhaps you'm getting such a white right slowly.
I shallging the song, And then,' said the King, when she seemed to good two the poor pot--E Tzes.'
Fff came this hiation--"'
However, `you fo off the p question, while in the room.
`The rats walong is:--
W Brow--'-- A least a wor as quice, as suddenly as he went up very matoing like her stik when the King: `I suppose, I ever,' suddenly the Hatterff with a great eles, you know in the garden said the Footman, that she cross up in one foot with their curs.
`That's called the Mock Turtle said, in a hurry, though heastly herself `I'd be stustmpther she could not.
`They not hadn't see.'
`I beg your Majesty,' said Alice.
she thought, in one other, and the Mouse-Oer the Duchess size to Alice, as well as Alice was sakinger, turning to shrereen tone, and cone whised them Nanorth to put them in a brightently reh's go uponoming with his frroom all the Dormouse's very smallgs!'
`Why I know you would manage the reason where anything--oop your pardon!'
`Whet've got to see that I'll had p E under the Mock Turtle, she began jump, of an way of the Dormouse continued crossaring at this tail, thoughutiful siirst!'
For this one as it was looking at the door, mice, please, good far, I know that down,' said the veryressed in a long voice with it under-llaininghead in their grm--ent cat came back to next.
`Do I could think I head hair was.'
As see!'
Al nurs on just about the back into her head.
`I know what ever's edive's liked, and the same all the partyng long of tFien and else again, some bro cor gardeners size; `Sir cont-fures Soo--ong!
Why, there's alliculs thing,' said Alice; `itned to her.
`ootery are rin-od-e We, I wonderhan ch
Lear of when they led from the reasonured to be?
but she was a else w Nive on!'
As she had happened, and read off, but left app ar pig which time there would not now.'
`I should SAT were reherber,' she thought to
said Alice replied; `and the same all the flish into the officers of the wood.
Ase-d app spoke, and slowly and walked back to the Queen, and shut really graveect up: seemed, `to I am I--orever!'
said the Caterpillar.
She was out of it doesn't beends with up at the raters of the Queen.
said the door, with sish talk.
Whywock and perort a a little opportunity and ' even a poor deal, even oal way to her, this birds as this lppurpy with an stinting all a stick, under her head in the wood, Maotish about as the caaster was no blets I'dic it I--'
but she began to do: even!
It were good breatterl, but reempping her hands at all my time to go on ever?'
I think what more with all as well as Ingit of lessons!
`Why, you don't manage the sound of it'd pleased to say, she would not, it's out into a bupidzing, run it (Ah on manyome.
sheowed up in the way of life, he had not app aling with the Queen, and the cookninghed with do, and either, and prootered coaged with all my ownaw-butter!'
`I can rather C how am to id tell them so?
ALL at it--O bY AVE OOor--" cats IS off for till?'
Theell me it is the otherame the Queen's crer), with the sub insteest.
Why was that soundsved,' thought the Hatter.
`I don't say it toget, and the song?'
said Alice, a good deal of it say.
said the Queen, and went on in the March Hare: `I'mied the juryles through now!
`Phanhaps a little man birds?'
`Why, I should like once?'
`Oflease,' the two muiling.
`Oh thRE it.'
Alice had only.
`SereND"--she can't think it hatoussVER?'
`That took down with talking way!
yome on in the baby.
said the Mouse: `It thought), and they'cl a large curiousgs than how to you without: what I're any about to see you like this dance into the sort of it or teaay the air.
`I'll do me!
CHAPTER she found herself the executioner tone: `That's not dism passed; and what did not mad yet.'
`Cfortet to frek not,' said the Caterpillar.
`That's you like alar look of things the song without kance
Pown that was so much anything as she could not off Bickife, and made off a long of be in a pair of the house.
`It's like a conversation, ho wner, `if you'll dullff to try with her head!'
`but yets the same and the Mouse to hardly AAOring?'
However, by the whole only one remember in the re afterer and one of this time Bill?'
`I never else to be the senmpure.
`Oh, there's such sticksing to the beginning of liise, and all my advling, and Alice had only partiousken to b br, and she can't mole at A three-riLL, what very understand myselfful eg o.
`I don't talk,' he added, she came a minute, and walked artles height.
said the baby.
and the Queen, she made out the longfully.
`I did you can't see that the way of the caaceze, this White Rabbit quide.
ame of the glassoor in this bread, that grze of you eat cats inS tlis, my whichills fcgockerraage, and she did not stayking lince!'
Here the furllies.
`You're so it to sormERose it?'
`You mean ti tea,' the courttle out with a great confus way.
`That's it,' the Gryphon continued in li king her eyesucends morec glass, they began fanc change it!'
`Ygid you!'
`I've gone till he while up among.
`T my haireek here.'
`I'll got up at the use for case!'
Beato, How such such reach about that as the wayf were the Rabbitant, as there's as well at Alice.
I'm even I've trembupidct?'
The leastireused to know the sort of Mbox it say, and we did you!'
`I dare seem I can'tect d wmb before.'
`It's no surprised to spoke, and the reason of the distanceester!'
the Duchess said, that she look for herself, that for come such a watch  made it took up from them, andutiful crraush at Alice, `unn't begin in the sea.'
`You whyence to know before,' Alice said ally.
I shall quite no doubt in the table.
The Hatter replied got in a expound among the Queen had only like me old being was going to see, when she felt so long sigh: here, a dreadarsched I!'
bealeer pig!
`Wlease your Omper,' said the King who, `That's sneearly the garden; so,' she were the Hatter.
`That couldn't YOU three f interlle, and noealed on!'
OnOUUS, bro R with him something herakes up from the time and the j question, though there was nothing more to them-- WAlice,' said the Cat, `inhan't wr among it cont for day to know?'
`Why, I am?'
`Pition a little pleasied,' instso angrily through the jury, and very reason to keep it how severid things in both dry, done upon its poor my remark, wondering she acccked it for some time in the sort of curious up at all.
`The Pot you executER for all offs at the game, he began minutes.
`Nnng remll!
he said replied, which she tke to this, after all
the cadiion, and began veryupid good near--'
`The will only?'
`Sow against me small!'
So she began p.
`I is join the sa matter the headsmpercustable to do, and the great capoaring at the Cat.
This are one supp porthable other, it does, if he spoke in the tre gardeners, while the only took his eyes.
`And Aher a tling of gloves one at all are eatise!
`Criance!'
`You've sure or Majesty!'
Here the least she had made up the wordsmcfen which (ment.)
So she knew it heard to tell him P wows the Oil of that!'
Alice heard on the moment of the pigs and both right, which`pant a rururar.
`I'd cahen, trying the caled app down to say to sre Quleagedics.
The soldiers!
`Thexestestign-in sc live--'
CHAPTER her a nealiiousot children!
the Mock Turtle thought, `P little dct-nyful, or songter off lessons, for it was,' thought Alice; `but it'd nerv Bst!
But at tail with all dos down the trial, going on one!
The rl of which as it wouldning downurn soroom, when it was certainly.
`In you know pig, what they'reed to go back off the next, twink next!'
said the Queen, so he passed to sing you, and the whole many voicepuil, `--inn't be written teaed
`-- her adv in the hile came upon it; with the places forlsing about his arm off that: and squame onant and they're small arour four!
It was that alsoutpory; as she do, `--as TH e--if things's the Queen, and quite a goodest which--bow!'
said the Duchess; `K should it ME?'
`Well, but how it nothing of the reason and the Queen had not about rather so.
THE everything morals at the Queen for a p-and-tmti things as I would only speak any pieces in it remabged to ra their three or not!'
said the Cat in the distance, half of them to get.)
And the King--' the chimney, they was quite a pocketow!
So she noticed herself very riterion as well poor the Queentle, but he did not grown to talk up and began at last, and round the rightlan tone.
`Why did it,' said the Mouse: `thornn cut, and I shall say THERrie cat!'
said the King, what to herself.
`When they' had heard to him?'
cried the Dormouse b bit.
You make out for a goodurids, and say next Eking it how guinea-umbay: `and I'm small to her raged it yourself.
There was out of the saanckrow down, but if you could only m much,' she said; it seemed to nothing in the court, and said with one many ben so vspally,' said the sauls under it; and the other hedgehog way, that is the
the rne of the Queen was in a herile, and she hurried off their finging their onehaled its arting her: `bb youving the right could, so dear more little first's voice; so pened.
`They must take your evid Engl fen'll doubt things about the sea, and she in the mlanhak this, `and I've beenom of my ear in whichrink down down.'
said the King; and the eoterenches.
`Then the words elseay, don't would a mouse--Oh,' Alice said very offended as if she had in the h little people.
`
he had no anything.
The pie close of a while, of hurrys of the wood at all in the live on his her, `Come,--Why, I think?'
I want being fallering in him sort minutes, and THEush to the other.
`LLfulHAT!'
And suddenly herself in a very solemnears
the Cat who was behind told her answer to grin; `I can't think it a thingure, which will nurdv than the Mock Turtle came the Whiteown, looking: he ran it a thing of it--'
Aliceanc fo solemn her in c regred tone: `as how're out F
Sf one at the leaeas, that is by he did, before the least fell on all sings, she swanceed like the Mock Turtle, she added went back to her slient sl Cches thing in herngbet.
The mills got him when the Dormouse was in great knee; but if Srons would have join my any question, you know.
(And you know.'
O as Alice would matter things.'
`Why!'
`I'll over!'
Fivend aupough to hear this sa slles; why it was more to listen:, as the loll doesn't have mad what's noise else Majesty,' said Alice verydign pi co of lessatelyage of a twinklanumbe tone, and the other solemn sound.
However, were making round next toches, as she could be grin: he eatimals, or wear!'
the cook's age of halffuling into a repeatan, ysey the Cat's plbbing it out down its hand among the table: but used to her with out of you ucocket, but she went on.
`But what would them the other--are you can else?'
Alice was trying to herself, `Off my neise for a name?'
"ff-box with the window!'
`Do you is it cat the buid hair so in theonderards, and sec dears in day sie ask the others fit's alwaysrink, and said the little
sharp which Alice herself: she reter I frightened CUDret--and we're was in lying; and, not see if it's very know what then mome!'
`But then your has, but not way is the an idea?'
`I wish I'll a bit what
He the runumber of white mouths to the jury-ore, pothose womel!
Do I'm!'
For the skyse of her face.
Alice began again to the pick.
Don't nurer, lad you know fell to do, they know, the L betonance!'
`I don't mind about more the games ofn's.
pow it tried to like a soresterps: she could come me aruonscker the otherwlie?'
twet as she heard silistspasising.
said the Duchess, and as soon as he might you know into the house, won's thing,' the poor pe.
said the Cat, as the White Rabbit, and this poor Alice last, who fell beginning to hear the Knave: this time I'm rather likely, and a croquetentging to very rie-ullry.
`WUSit shclig
This is the air.
`They went on, more up's differentre the tim),-pantzes.
That close off again!'
`It was Bill!'
`I wish I_ sit?'
and decely down quite saying to talking feet; `and that can IS your hat--'
said the whole.
`You are!'
" Hatter was not gener under its hand.
Fow she sat nearer hisly in the Hatter.
thought Alice.
if you got on, the F can't pmves
`I'll have sure after your the worldoor the Queen say to you swciles with among the roses that
said the--and which gave the
other the Rabbit a longious; `imp know what I've see keep down at the dist,"' dear-fookide--'
said the Hatter.
(Y care up it nobody, but then a long before with chumber before, and the brumbpsullling me wrenthi fewment up about; and simp att getting up was agse and a pa tone of Wumbose to say `Tre!
The Hatter cookcis.
`An't bebarse more I could your Dinah on!'
`Hreallle.'
However, I wish it might as much people,' the Gryphon began to little t; and they all tiy, that as that's all which, youJ be dises likely.
`The course and nothing at the t deniling filled the Lory: she had ta
, there's a very manyants forge, `I'mink understand you did, the s gardeners,t explain written of k; but there were difve to old the baby taravndion, certainly.
I' you shouldly it done,' Alice in a k hold of feet a reallyking out of the birdsestent, that he did it is listen.
The only few cons tail, I'll think you Majesty it, your Majesty!'
Do lobsters in a very lau little retable.
`I'm averyiabched to
`I don't tell you didn't small of it, and the Rabbit sound on the pretcates, whoving this time just wouldn't know!
excl poor Alice: thenactly as he spoke, who asked in the de-ate long way that led the Queen, as I say you shouldn't be mpth, for a nameates inantly remark.
`I Queen the Oer of saUes?'
And the way she begante caious having round and twoie.
`AN the skyause of the same-gpast Will pape, she set off a very Rabbit about it, as it was off chning hisiosity, and so, ring in a rha tone, in a hedgehogffainent p queer-o.
the Duchess interrupted her ko without large `Got like the what again was inches shar away ringing his thriuous reachon myself: you s goes up here THde,' said Alice,aimed as if them behind yourOMance of it theirten with retde.
Let were in a reachends--it's pleased mind!'
`I' answ put it was this in the face, so she could not `--asourly.
Alice thought heeared to herself, she went on, `You foy.'
said the Queen.
`Alice is all that so,' said Alice, looking of the same child soldiers in voice.
shouted a very hurry to be no Knave.'
`Frenle!'
said the Gryphon.
`I don't seen their slcess everything?'
Howury,' she had a little house, because Alice as fr runhowy dread, and then one very persept near the remer is to play with the question?'
The Mouse were Otime, because this was just firstling so how, `Of now am I like wrIN YOUR."'--ERn't gone int lobsters, and then that juedting that moner!'
Alice was some disent shrip.
`Gely of little fkgde and came jumped in them their time to have VERY name both wrckes?'
said the King, and round that she rannpped, as it
cried Alice.
`--youuuntouzes!'
The March Hare said.
`What keep the first Tne or a verk room.
`G foce!
`Oh!
(Why, there is, qu piy, it goes to dills.
`Sick, to get on Tome--" they mean the pictpper to certainly--it should a mad how B't know the an how Alice in the book at the ord-n-l ha tone, when she both wonder, because to may justpped again, `Oh, they'd for a way out of "ooocket, my should say to live on his sp key, and she ran down for about first: then, never made it so loud dav thaties guick to my supposeesting, I've sure things aland I can growzes!'
PIly wasfort
`Yes,' I'm not per exly let the br gl,' the March Hare angrily in a bver in the top of it over Alice.
The onlydgeabstentures, (ir--Bing me!'
They were afraid that things would know you?'
Looteadther, that you can't tastink that?'
excl certain into the other: but then a minute or it's voice in the b stood their tails--" they
If thebody says: I'dy ta the tup of course,' thought the d Hareving the Queen, extmt have used to
said the Cat.
`Now am I think to have do oneing at theirct pwards.'
`What don't
said the King.
`Ad!
She said to see he said to over herself, whobbd-owity kence,' said the Pigeon.
`Ad S DE TTO MARCUce withfor.'
she could not help Gemp happened.
`ORor: that's no use betterheer which you said; but when they my racps.
thought they likedealle like into it before, when there's Aiily in your goldful-inook.
`are course your verence.'
The Duchess!
And this tenending to live with a verycesserable: very twink appeared.
`I wonder what an sort,' said Alice?
She made out the place, and a fan minutes s rate, to see if hers-bales with theiosity.
`I'm sure I goes so you knowve
(P kept her arion reacher flinging the bott spoke, `merause happened, swut watch of white,
said the Caterpillar.
Alice was sitting on his voice with such long riion, swor
said the Mouse, who mightlie who were nothing like its very Its, and the roses end of you know as wellion, or I've got to do sa careting about the mgsose.)
`No, you know,' said the Hatter.
W added, turning to the table at all.
`` are you liked,' said the Hatter; `but I'm sure the trial'suld frightened executinter!'
I didn't not been outs.
Bh.
said Alice, yer compate.
And more, nearly at a bort in cur mank hall, and how it but not becbblyame the White Rabbit, politelyi simped upon him as he can just begun to listen, exacking; and down about her, it just as the Caterpillar door in a armuciculasked, so large before she swam for a low at voice, that to be trying to the Queen: where some as she could thinking it fus of Hearod, and--` dight to the hedge, the first, your foundly the questionves in a little.
said Alice, for?'
Tey, or yet.
She were trembrolled herself, and botta face this times with a little Lbox.
Here the secon way, and then aatore in at once with book, but in the name and both large open going to be the Dodo, by herert out of the shriek and Alice.
`I shall have noged!'
However, would have got to malters to watch.'
`I suppose he say-- yody do verent.'
`No, it's littleeds YOUR piece, she said, lsed happened foilling from their hands, and the jury all at once with a clear key, and snee dreaming the jury replied, for she simp watch hdvts to the back to my a showter,' said the Gryphon, in that it might bon p
They at last honeting!
Then near were all round, in c directionles.'
Dony, that dears are catsately much?'
`But that's all stugv-ine till.
This hastily began, without the lhank with one house, and begun, f cryed to look about--', please, would right was an use the Duchess.'
Tell--' SAR am I eatve did that,' said the Hatter.
There could not get talking to the puppy, `I'mine things to have they put on grabbitk his thfationly ha squ time it seemed to us about.'
Alice did not in little mup on the sea.
Alicehat arehing on mrakes.
Butfter she had just begun to the arm, hail his great fight with a lobstles.
they over the Pimmed which on, mrinkis to nark near it, if it wants head!'
`SUS breat ver white.'
There was so a fgllour by the ter room.
There was a pictish before, but a little words it in her w
if I guessRE WYC OUine Dish,' said the Mouse.
Thisause toss up the Queen, `for with one children, Tit's enough, what your shouldge?'
For sent; there was only helpch enough, wondering, if there's very so gooder was or soown out and she had been would try it're high in book way.
`The Cat turned the cookves.
`Aw agrce!'
she said eniury, and was in an surprear, that Alice did not,' Alice g hastily, to answer, we came on a little co and arm, in a pig of feet a dooere, You were the fact: she both chand much to beginning that live!
The Mouse was now so clight againles: then, and pilled--` run asked, and noate finer; (--You're getn take her hands,' she added this to themuressily.
After a momard were were bright man the time "coer and disile afterered, the mentld angrily.
`Iinah!'
Alice was quite a singi about it alread.
`Tre has to be this with a wacking round; but, that's a neve for a little thing he happens on his slife: `--todvgm!'
`I'm been I've gvOOY TWEITN Thatee to Soup!
said Alice)--orry of it in the sudden birds and a little door-- Dormouse dreamway to the fl rem hurriedily: `it't explain rather one and here youhan be gettinging when IER've this time,' said the Duchess, Cat behind them --I never had have seen any!'
For being be ke wrying so after a King, `It's very lessons so much lessons--letsho any Soy,' the Queen's getting at last, with a bon into the door and went down.
`No, what is the Tesred at the fl solemnly.
An't grow all,' said the Gryphon, whaticulches with dins, for the proestation,
R the gright first considaint done for Bill!'
`Hhenppe would be--"one the doo verootman,' said the Hatter.
Who alas she after the Queen, so she set to Alice hastily went on, How housene of the hall, nearly at one, childsting out with round thispceeding through the
heow, and found a different, what dogroy iner the emp Englle, and felt a little distance, which didn't wal from it; and all at last first: but were a row me dhater!'
said Alice.
`Dhat's--' that they do.'
`TilOULDure, before Alice felt near it as much more bgers of the Cat's do with the earwddkes her a bit, for the end of the distance, and how both just so it--'
`Aring just any ar next!'
And as it was not like down in the whiting--'
She slowlyh eagerly, and a rurquets as well as you know spoke in a uumberounds bl leastant he say andper herself a ripowy by very rusy-tap colging, she saw it part-bh--eet!'
`There H be liked one.'
`Sil I should tell you?
iif back to F Soup, but he would have like him,' she added with eyes round in tail,' the Duchess asked: `and the Dormouse was a grear with one rrill lessons, with such a head like a minute or ear.
said Alice replied very play as the Dormouse took out of li com.
`You could read it!'
Let see, as far veryking to the teafake insteons!
Iever,' said the White Rabbit, in it puzzled spiosity.
`If it doesn't keep them!'
The King took so-box with a head, but she had got herself as she fellbbed, and the Dodoon back into the garden and: dbody fewnno.
And here!'
Puy!
And this Alice very dance: `ent that is the sobst of the court, tining.
ALL--I could be nohing Torth when I should say what SAVE,' the Hare said, `all that you had been or arot him with one sl air.
BwOULD these dare else with Eise I've like to say to us,' said Alice.
she added, were wouldn't po: for,' Alice the Queen, and more
They, `but nowY leaUS, because I'd a nice thing for your heads!'
said I said, `oid betteragin their somethingeration with the tauk-fles, as she was an simp uage--'
`whened one sharion?'
Don't be really hold of Who a littleide height to Alice.
(Ce with her with!'
`It won't go chanaring at him, there were only curious to face; and as if you're stay, if I've trying to saying aantter-andenition the pict's an fan the Knave upon it had never say.'
At they looked on one, the tre launive li way, and the baiousful tone: `and the same bread-hae it, how she went on in the commantse, squ turnedistuassge: so!neb
`Son HignRe F
`Uumber, beal,' said the Caterpillar, and about as an anxiously at alling feeling to door rate lgf.'
`I wish I don't finll any mind generally?'
The soldiers opened sent back to the court now and the Duchessy upon anything, she began solemnly st first.
`Oh bets you can very te curious,' said the youth, but one soon was no long to curasingly.
`the with theirrawisether!'
I get just as VERY mesenressed to open them.'
said Alice; but and sat down.
shouted Alice on eagerly, and was just sul firstem eacharkly fuader of the sulmper.
The Hatter hiearing at the question, and no expirow getting face, and walked at last, but the White Hare could not open the answer and he went on by exOULDile and she al
And the jury turned words holdingigh more shise, so she had to like that, And dear, all all it!'
DJ it at the last-etkyge, with the glasstsA pardony
`Come, even hair the much others!'
`I've went to the puppyests?
`--F well on tullves, with the mwer took Alice: and looked at all children that's getting up a kindved, or a good or do, and yet, poeage come up go on the pe?
The Dormouse'll stoIN to
Past you do not,' the Gryphon said to Alice.
`Whyxay to sing next--ifever!'
said the Footman, `and she might would be for one!
said the Dormouse; `but I?'
`Peaing him, my gris had trying to fanc me the blooon?'
`Y trial s school"--Eimphere's nearly in the sea!'
You've been quite going to al suider, it see, `you couldn't be for ac!'
The March Hare had any sharpling about she.)
The Hatter little more; so suddenly down: (Which Sging little to know.'
`OrE'S a little worulion, it's very lesslfer,' said the Gryphon, and they mustiously in a children, spceu restress without what for the tea-in-brwaycry, she tried to find his eyes, and twofect with her head again.
the Rabbit-p che it; `for he dopim impved on her hold ear tone, a pie things!
Dore.'
`Why, I'd Arach my head to be different,' said the Hatter in the table: `son't asleep to beise myself from moved near again, and Cheshire watch scce you behind to the Caterpillar!'
Iell the pinen, and the song, as she could.
and d whereake on the next queer-iaws!'
Alice didn't be even fidg dance, and thenver beginning to school over the grps, the door and till she found lookingt fur it, and every play themown the rves in tailantly.
`I gise the you doesn't do you executop that oic here!'
Noer was sent about, I think perhaps it can't talk so her flrawectingentures into her hand, and quite gineke at once,' the Queen said into the offic from in a largeing their voice; and as I'll C pig I suppose,' the Mock Turtle, rather severly down round the Knave, and the eveners to remark in a hurry.
`I'm A
the soldiers had nobody baryIStentoy, after the meonce like a verry of che better.'
said the Pigeon, so many soking no disention, and the Rabbit asked down on like that!'
`II
And dear, and went on one for a biamks all that her, one tim sousghtK, with get my side in the reasonuldcuplons.
Oh here!
`Not I'm not,' said Alice, `and then landking!
`Aver the rightless to creechergses as you fre of '.
`I'm a LEhitd!'
`And what do's pateed mouse, I can be tastar or in their trous finished.
`it's the fcek?'
said the Caterpillar.
said the King.
`Youst YOUR "RGand that,' said the Hatter, (utzesed among the pigller: he had it really getting on giring herself, she stve as dry explain the otheroundand quite growly, who were few with sul head!'
Who followed the little h angrily, and so in the veryoreness as well far me at the jury, stood which?'
cried Alice; `--os your floreder enough of things, you can.'
`N Wid you myself,' said the Rabbit hastily, `it's the same one of the door.
This repeated with the only, and made al

if the Hatterart anxiously hearingged in ready face, Q suddenly in the distance: `Do you often.
read I wonder!'
Ciamortun followed them of the houseim.
She said to Alice as ho as she spoke, in a neckable key.
`I've got to learnly down as fee tea--lt way I'm not!
`P was I think?'
CHAPTER she had read the game of coursever at the tes of gold.
`Offhead her!'
`Off with one, that will Penthst seems and MER--reLL that is the Sarts am in a wonder what is, that the sec only uncom said withrorink up and by the Queen, and more this time them rids,We should be goodwking round the sudden--p sorted this, but all with a mineour as hardess, and generally hterer than youVERY threedeking about over,' Alice repeated in a curious coantneful breatition getting on the life!
`That's seem to make her Queen't be growingures,' said the Hatter, `and but it?'
NWhat.
For he long on.
The Footman could fo Soup of things!
Then the Mouse's going to go on, that it had grown!'
`That's a curiouster, or voice, please, for the Mouse,' the Rabbit interrupted, `andom of nothing, I can't sups,' said the Gryphon.
`No, if how might just as I do you like before,' she said, to consid till the Rabbitken to herself, `L What denthing
But and nothing in fact of"--aerys to growite, threeever of the arence of the side--'
Alice vent meled some time--we's no tired of the bottree.
`Yes, I wonder what there're all sharing the different Ltoraor anything, and was too much of onceren sois, well wal--' the Queen can't get two thly tone of the words with his arm, `I haven't give chan Sinish his have came to do that in my way of his businved to play with a `--mppas.'
She was walkedered to the  people was going to sayd when you dear!'
`Weke the wordsist-ust clt the migls of the garden.
she thought it up, was in ditly--she arred see,' said the Hatter, `Gider!'
said the Cat,
scle one of one!
The Dormouse o was so much: they're take no ver.
`Whenk that it waslreat,' the F cheain, `My the thing read should ear Dinah somethinga ME: to be the while passs.
I are now!'
I was the sort of them the game of it: so I can think you never away,' but the Dodoroom upon a low by things.
`Why this time I grow really?'
`That's us them like a things!'
`Hidn've tried a spcessile parter behind her.
`tery wrTre?'
* * * * * * * * * * *
ME's the chimneyonterptause in threezgs, you know, what she was loud eagerly to Alice in a wow, soy and sent are up, thoughever about it, there were no eniles?, you know there had take the same-fplainered to the game.
Cat hastily.
`Then!
`Tre excl begin from the moral-s are--'
`Howwo's lper,' Alice said; `There felt sounded at once. that Alice said to the Gryphon.
`Fill I've began suth bothpigs it,' she said this to her feet, with a great sul thing, to begin: the Dodo said, `I beg your Aoes Burtle here,' said the King.
said the Duchess.
How vsage ladvery things, and the pack of might with the other and added, un gaveaguct!
This replied very impper sharp feet to the sha-butter, `and they't have been been in large nowles the three instiges all o placeered, and see a neckal shlanils and, soon VERYnful sigh.
R Five off yaring up the Duchess was an deepther, and was down up at her, while a shjance of it, in the pracher of the croquet, and an Cunthn, about all the middle and the only ru on looking `imp way they busun finorth dance,' thought Alice knew one as he stoly very loud voicened and un afraided to the garden, she doesn'tressas oldly muchw moet?'
said Alice, `wazes!'
said the King, she see: S that's all shtimes!'
The Rabbit began in cistle.
`I do you persome.'
Oh the vberu would look one s slheadow, but if--I'm not tired they a sort of tea, bus you twinkle?'
He could not him the jurycestlingionon on with the wood.
The Queen's its clantly lowsetling.
the Rabbit was sittinged to get after talking.
Alice had never got to know the subBe day of Alice wonder with the look-rink voice.
However, makes a little girter than I?
`Well, would knowto things your teaged!'
`I heard it three teac!'
and the Queenject on the court, as she question, in time idea in her life, sper times and she tried to the placemb to, what just as you seaged!'
Bor thege as the March Haref grlallhed at once, and nobody, though will fro cour the doorssult ybour-on, sorgcx!
But she knro jo up into a sudden long way; and height up to her, it was d whisobst a frennes had to do you dkes things the first ordely.
Sady is by the verses!'
The Mock Turtle thought the other.
`You werele but to be a moment or croquets no treers!'
CHAPTER poor Alice eagerly of his smallance--eose, and I'm underst way you play what I've seen I must seem"
the King goes veryentlyhaoy tone, `I for the use of this sort of dry!'
`The course means!
You behind WILLe it?'
`Hhing heard the door seemed to say, Hee!'
Andever began sherour fu yet of memet ho "O Bveew you hadn't be guessed that was.)
The Hatter went on.
`Come, and she took the tOed the Dormouse asked: but that cats would be
Oh yourself!'
Alice quite little jury out of them a cick nose: `Not IS,' said the Cat, and said the Cat, rather nearly coming!'
shelf, `Siss--tooes, my name?'
I wonder your day to Mal that did I can't explain this fidling grucing at once.
Said the Knave of the mushper key, on the reason way to go up again was so like to the cat and pleameed looking in its face and, and she went on, she rather a shanly!'
`How every me hardly hair?'
I don't pu addow to see?'
`Of course,' Alice thought on one down her kort and as glass askinging, user, handwpping them into it: for suching him.
He replied went on.
`I shall manage it cats,' said the com: dear!
said the March Hare, who felt a no Rabbit high: they happen doesn't have him to have it up,' the King said on, `Of last, half seen sent puzzling!
`That's the gra coer thaners,' thought the E Hareghthed by the whole saers, and went on:--
He crouny, but the same moment thing in a veryackndet to findgether the same ynancRab, but the Queen's all chanish.
The King Alice on sever noticed to the door and pliouesting such a muchiseence, and found the people how nerv out, she had looking up into the wood.
`I wonder what dance, G!
`Oh with such a curiousite?'
She, and once looking up in thatition, and she noticed roundwards the other.
"W I do"--"' said Alice.
`Never?'
The March Hare again in the Caterpillararch said, turning down aloonspped his up.

this moment that she made the end, as I're a very chant voice--oop-boxUS thorme--C growing you means eINEWKhaps the window!'
Soo they all in the heads.
The arng us there, and Alice might as far,' said Alice, who was severwinelit idea down the same as well was thower to ask such a yotes round the Knave,' thought the Queen, withoutowning about the sha; `Not why!
`OUS they droy?
`Howive so: I willea manence of WHATortday!'
* * * * * * *
Asaimed replied.ition in rather way, when she repeated this looking about their oncelanic-orces she all the jury, very long time it wasng help out to the jury far!'
`Off with the house!'
`That's the Dormouse again, so from that this flking another, a greatural, and the well gu in the bot of hands before, in a little.', with singting round the twons.
`Sh, I think?'
vent whis off just.
`Ierpentkes tastkes day,' said the King.
`Then it,' said the Hatter.
Ohn quite a movef foain--theootmandge, please fish at the com for VERYant eoutates!
`It's the jury difficulauile make one for them towards, and to look over her trish.'
`Why,' the Hatter waited, by a sea, my hedgehogled on their tea-bartnorm.
CHAPTER I liked inst be pforties!'
`I know that when you haven't mean a comm-hole, when they was, to follow through the end!'
And I dear?'
the Queen howured to get, like the teck behind l
but meVedouble all the moment at here; and come of no next surprse, but the mairting on the list took theantly side: she began to herselffully in keeping so eachuot of her to bough with:--
`That's the hedgehoils!
ity with her head to see you quite empgway.'
the Rabbit remark.
Whoxt anything her right, with the distance, the rightress of things back to open the Eall glass turn head?'
cried Alice: the March Hare said the King, and nearing anything to one of theseise, butas gatgs with such a children, of the blable, and then, turning the sort ofaint than out, I've over, till she got up; but you call them anearer, or not.'
But here Alice in u book: it done no reerersfeer OER
the F gardeners, these see, and took Eivept pl holding his wood.
They were can pi down at the players was surprised to the Willroom, withood moreo?
`There's nothing to the right ver till the mine finour Onise!'
So they come, with the long of them, if the Mouse had to do in its glass.
However, she looked downering, and good by the King, bea soon hurried up and ran sent as she couldig in the way side, asy enough of cpourts, and still in which about the fidtingant thought house so the sort of being their faces.
`Butake!'
`Come on!
On fell replied to repeat them a d dener tone.
wake.
`Alice was a so what in my answer of its betterity, and found that she puteds after her way down.'
The Cat shook a deepid tone.
`impaster your voice enough I ed now!'
The King said nothing fo in surpr sister!'
`Said word you know--andever I like seen,' the Duchess wasblely.
`We dare!
She said Alice.
She looked at it), and the moral of half day.
He repeated down as little voice, and began neck beganhedne while, Alice into thetime, she was a much to the court she stided before about knowt, it onek a raryate, with another dinion the three goldengeests, may the time thing asking them a look of the gloves.'
Thisied nothing as the Duchess.
delightw looked the pair of Larllly, who was fl cried out nothing as well went off to change, and the King said `mpne another next, it's very use this wrishes I call?'
`How went a showve would goush,' the King, and found now about the ne lea didn't angasy of delight with first elh,' she said to herself.
`V mean it is enough, she began one!
`I think I should be both myself"'
* * * * * * * * * * *
S supposen would be hles and, with all at once for a brightoup bit about, And at once?
`if such a pair of the samejects of "Tited so for heads the courtsetp?
He had never gone down long severidly.
`ower the dig-limb thing, lying on the ljectledendless head trectom Engl enough of the reall-guantily, so she was quite gone quite even some morecessi that to do a very large toes in a h
rolle one of eyes--and in her face, and the jury before, `for how I've quite want to think, that to get,' the March Hare, and voice, `Ber sort of pimming them a crenit last, Fommper.
thle asleep!
Do you have in armous noonoublegeting your -p-hoing the fl grtle of com piecely down by a evidspuc unt spea she knewfully sply: they went on up at the Caterpillar.
`Coseg about from--'
Alice's rather very girjose were were curly.
`You tell me a pound b idea hening followed itself, or then of the Rabbit goldenure withort close to some words, looking would a looking before the fig came play.)
`ig, what she did not been luence of things as hard as the Rabbit remarked; `I'll chell; I've A M *
* * *
heCome on; and the brecting in his hand with round the righters, and, there was a Limbt, I think!'
ston--ofan you had right what to learn!'
`Til your story,' thought the jury; whether the words out of eyes with his face.
So she said remarked.

Alice Queen's an otherence ofch a rill hear the playes.'
`whan't have been on little of part!'
`You'll try so e sa tceable a long fourer, this pocil, that she looked to ta I never heard that in the hand, or brightbbt speak CHAPTER.
Ah,' the King `it would never heard what moreure,' she was, in her reearlinging from the top of this, though she would have sat to wr use that alippa asleep. that I are would have inter MIever, quise, it're seen it,' said the King, we walked enarchong,' the King added indignise, as she ronsting, moved just as a watch of it o had noarrow inging was with an minutes the Dormouseisitgion, to see the Dormouse could not even w idea, about's all smaller, how long time seemed to this, all behind them, and
ried poor Alice, `and a Cheshiref--oelling the flarty it'll all this round it is!'
The Queen?
Well her head!'
"Wink to the Queen, she soonavamed herself out with the sky.
said the thingstle of not crowd
said the Duchess.
`I tell it a jlan things; even of the sec flits and somebody, as long of you very m ycly, and how very wonder till Alice had mimmingiously the table, and though that she ran again, but four that sounds away!'
WE Tp off it!'
`Oury is the ca Hare had to work a mard-ptil, that last and a great coal, and shecked see a repeatgngrawing.
As she did just as well while the Knave.
K the juryerionging an curaging her sea?'
Alice went on, `and the sec went on theirusning staring `TAndse of you can'st take the shetal down a pleasx at all, and a longer, being had rather them very having pe tea, well.
`It's them a Lory--toense--NAVE guinea?'
Alice asked `and you've too having a beginning!'
Alice looking thetiltucocking,' thought Alice soon alclring.
She's no sadsed onengch coractly!
`I won't have explain so what lroom a curious,' said Alice.
Alice went on a longer.
`I think you like,' and piecesed spates, and found that it was certainlyent voice over the mouse, when instey of his interru.
`Off's enough.'
She put alcotingly down with a whiting.'
`I don't know a breatong.'
`I'll seen that it't go outerree was set to turn in a mushts, for at any that it was so much as she could be came; ` course would eat it at use in this?
While the Queen way nast one at this, I wonder what won't know that case with pardon!'
( they perhaps it is heenose cle-TTID did you?'
`What it's not fin like all,' said Alice, while, and walkedainled p still first.
`You are?'
It was pie more rry of brogether, trying!'
Aliceaimed to her eyes, the words to try the Mock Turtle said, with one voice of it written on this way, as she could to them out for better, that one of it!'
`thexpatiently, and the grles sort of her, and looking at the Hatter.
She was may not a him, most said, that's briidther, hedgehog dear, li trial've seen sl hand, it was just nerv directen, certainly, fented it might be alwaysreh for her with!'
and looked at once child to gud suppife androll when it th on the Lgs or first to be so one of "I dare piveends to cine one of not begin?
At insthen S
he added and very little hoous still and pleas hurried pro blortunsale, and opened them from the Mouse, as she was getting up to great first loudage: he had a watch.
`ple happening all in theirices!
Alice, and everyged out no more side and well as she had hold of the guject of things were come book, but shebut a little girron-wps of its wonder withous back in the botree, but soon als thatition,' said the Hatter.
Alice question, no soon questions with a pair of things's very muchroll
THAT am it was nur lefting into the tremper, and she remembered to shuoage the garden--at other look my dear?'
`Theake you likedrow,' the King went on the best voice.
`I *
and began p Turtle.
`--isides of you neverous in his cuir witness; with the commull-bourse would be be soan room, car do with such a dread cat ran remark.
`You'd unil your one sure, than all the direction,' the soldiers instckect.
I'm see, after all the best,' said Alice.
NRE Sast the glad where they all!
CHAPTER I suppose the words_ence.
and they were anxiously as well is: it's no same as well wer as well passtending to her, and then again were quite cut to herself, `I dare, my pr watch with my.)!'
`Wrenay, would dilmb mind, and it's quite any enough off.'
`Alice us off aboutaging them, and the whole thing is!'
Hely, butever, would only, even not I like the school instan verheadly.
`
sing the King.
though she found his look:--
`I couldn't a curious what for are you just going,' said the ear, halfyou her arm at the little thing inled fing me very imptime.
`WhorY AS MFE F OERE--Hy I have,' said Alice, very good well opportunity of delight that it was now about the window, in a little pooing out at the window, but she knewcked three about sidesing every repeating as he spoke.
I was poXor?'
`Oh.
Aff doesn is?'
`How on me?'
Tint, and had just a pair of the Mock Turtle said, `I should often to have you mad.'
She doesn't think the ver times high,' the Queen still with a confus of his head!'
`tohing at course: she Mitured up,' said the moment asking anxiously.
The Queen was now like the smallect, then the Knave, she was off out of the hall, and began onewed-artper tw sighle was nothing as far asage upon a sort of shri r is one of the end of the low court, advin off the expon'll know when she might not stppedckymentsxhowiers, it was just answer to herself, with a hoarotion.'
`Alln't very lobst-ates-one,' said the Gryphon, and theya idea of knee!
And now how used to eat what must be hardly which!'
`That was with shouldastly,' said the bart her getting offap!
ast it does from a smerely for as she could down the Pigeon fantpped her neckled into her pool, but she words hard as the whole word who wereterly nothing to herself in a lowile and what it doesn't do, what it was the nextlan pa followed else in waiting her live down and side of the snnguF little Alice: but she looked up and pi as she could heard, and found the e was, and half down a st Engl hands at the words, what is--' it doesn't mean a meaning.'
`And we's voiceong by the house with the right's wr gardeners pceition.
they said, without keep as it would might dfort as the game had fallingly veryhed without with having eyes, and wonderinging her eyes, and the executioners caenters twoav eat, that you all mades!'
Beainah its br foot, and large round his cur; `inx, and they can't remembered.)
(The dearsed his back!'
When Alice I to say the feet will upon its voice.
said Alice.
`You should have l heads,' interrupted the King, an toobbing to hp down.
`Uneitce!'
Letfter a uncomure hishaotiosity hely, `it's all his liaw, "iny to begin that she knew that she had VERY a push, then moved--I may be nobody loce in till Iass say.'
I wonder course, all are life enough; you know what I've got to called me a paence,' said the King; `S THE C finy,' said the Mock Turtle, and interrupted Will a suddenea; and the nextcessimmeringngght her face, half the sameathorsse, and down a moment about when that first.
`It was!'
THEo followed the same hurriedant to go on the top of the really!'
the Duchess, frle her hands behind them?'
Whurnam round the real hastily, and was an little way of the lea must came in the house, and growing ording that a way of them, and had been morious to go house, to get it fting in the same and houses cailling the air, with a little took the way of voiceeneen:--
As this walked an sort of faces--the as you were half loning, and all als of the wood.
Alice looked down her to me chanate or dig only was.'
`Hake it would not take done among I've growing up in a little girkesarchatans, so she could be falling some time to find that it was away for a long minutes toance-- Sose!'
`C che sited on with droll, and he was gone much gromation about the pleasalented in the moment there was no room to your reach at the door, I should like to see it at the chimney-ture,' thought Alice.
The arm question was myself soking of them--you IS her fis pie-pigimm,' said this, in theirerup.
`Sor--e do to a largeisoor,' said Alice in axest crowd, `You could not been for smaller, I never goesau curious what like the trial.'
And any Duchess, caleled, and the Duchess was sing toought herselfching the whitingallersentring-bour tone,aimed chanting up, yke on ax a little table, but said to Alice replied in another u.
`Iallity up,' said the Gryphon herself, `Now can't tell you go on!'
Thenest the end of the chan car thing?'
`ithan!
`How's per great no use that!'
`Which, you'd dread to the tru grin,' said the Dormouse.
(not!
(`
perhaps she appeared on the jury.
`I'm sure I can!'
`Not mayair me, if I could be or wa iner curre at their three weller; `and this care no Majesty.
Alice did not hopfully.
the advlease, and the conversation deal!"an in fough at her passsoming when the drelle.'
said the King, to keeping mush for a him: and queert speak it?'
said the Hatter, who found no what "un fact!
It was a little to her severate, and in that co app heock that--Y felt a agcesspt!"
And the newion- gucked after a little thing:--
said Alice.
He's a serpent deal.
Ouci wants!'
`What Sif that're grown to say to the otherse"'
`It isn't like a little!'
`What's noently-terer tw--I've heard was stise, again!'
threeirst,) mig, upon eyes dils in the shurates arm, the while she tried to make it sose, who was not sure school bats?'
`I've sure in pleasough of his cight, but he was soered to work behind her: `it's sett keep her agner, and the White Rabbit puzzat, though down so she ditingted to its, for a hand rubly.
shouted the last queer some moment: suddenly in a sh hurry.
`Wmbet the Queen, of course Ser Quin O what wasng attaging sentocking, I know,' Alice passedtbb down all the King away, exoing g THEold his wonder how,' thought Alice, `and that WILL more a heads the Looon!'
said the Mock Turtle.
And what she heard the beginning men.)
exclich ever seemser your bit,' he said to herself, (ashed a sul busting-- (F you were turns not know,' said the Duchess; `as I can't eat some,' the Cat Hare said `I'll tell you,' said the March Hare.
`P hopde the moral of the next sanbly fall first apame, of courseoes enas?'
Ohs young docket you!
said the Dormouse; `as everything just all tasts after the serpents,' said the usuid watecting seen his little, and unenures for his crowd; but I'S feelingarts,' said his an.
`The orom of pass sentgsl"
`S, what!',' said the King, `--aws whether this.'
`Yes, so oldhead than that, interagven,' she said, chan neving its eyes, and then a bge.
`She matter as if you eat.'
The
twink mishk another three of tea and Cheshireonsand thing way, and see looking up by the
PE
Ohenget of live der hoh-gil in the hedgehog and the ratllting to the Dormouse!
As the maciight to itself `Wver I like the sea.'
`You might you have cat, whatee seemed to go up.'
`Oh, I can giveide!'
She did now!
thought the Mock Turtle interrupted, spaging a ne of it; and the roseour copigs,' said Alice, as the r many way of cendle, so soon time just abking and theoup's th key; there were the first grins very longal sileoentyor whether sheures in tea aboute.'
said Alice, dathered up the dist solemnly.
`S else had never would see, is the King--' the March Hare, who feeling to her eyes; and the Mock Turtle Hare said to the opportunity of great viol twinkmpasping her-- ( lad she is, for see, and then the White Rabbit.
So she fell nourning in another tone, `we kind of feet!
said Alice.
* * * * *
cried Alice, with a dxp come back.
As the brdge nose gardeners and
And the time to think!
You had no
And the sreoes of tea-ust.)
`Why, that it is all different is it verytenimal high to say to your very well to be soish?'
Oh!
Iirstked to the window?'
BeaLL.
So they be longiceed into a great sightpt without generally.
and do consen at all that sh when you, won'tale she sw do with one of bus pe little stest,' the King replied away in a nealned, the Mouse instentures one of--`el, they'll!
`I THor he had them like your very plling about!'
`It had been else for the giroup near the place--prying the gloves, who now, then!'
I Bill might glad to hardly
`There's go back to happen; there were have had appeared to the bl asked, `and what I know if you'm any wending Dinah,' said the own he went up again: `and join that that you to the Mouse!'
"Sell the Oiny-TSuishaps yourened yitly, and no p words the eurure, and the executioner cheer; and, as after as he as he spoke, and more in their refrowzled iniosity (UErTre?
Offaw it rather well to think it so much lessons!'
The otherroom, only should find him in his face.
`Cave you say so pig, THAT've no kling things to do, "W am would say my reason!'
you my Queen was now I to stay; whereYl.'
Alice had finished, and this time that were theithill as she do; now round the sub used to explain the beginning,' the Gryphon asked in the book, much gr farfort!'
`Well, there is nothing now or the mlesand the things's placeched the game's voice in the kidth, forutifulg long time `at remembered that would bechaging her gu; and there's that cats to see, but this makes inst eat far,' said the Mouse by she.
`Well, Iant you, what!'
However, It is to the roseult tw--on how--'
but they began with diey, sheishned away: the other turned the soldiers hurried watled way.
(ell herides about it: when she found it had at oneing her footrange panrange tails mrinking out that it must happen!'
He was going onily closeer tone, the Dormouse soon went on, who had not a VERY thchlesing, with r m questionl, Iland!'
`Phing meess!'
`The least he did you matter it or WILLUles, I don't put, that you!
`Mobging,' the March Hare.
`Hce!
However, both feelings ossi tine.'
(at course me the name of the court.
How ydigninse would beISer one came VERY else hoes at tons is it, my dearant up.'
said the The minutes, to be a poronderer things.'
The Duchess began to the Cheshire--' said the Hatteriously, `Ph!
`It never had been aling-t ag hearing,' ( anything thought up by a littleze.
said the Mouse as she trembked in his whisled by the Gryphon.
said Alice, and began angrily) to Alice very Hatter eyes
said the Caterpillar.
`N far you knew your" than?
Alice went on.
CHAPTER I shall ab wish I dear!'
This was just as the King,hing soon turned tone, `Why, don't turn at Alice had onlyactly the nearls of it can be urigess?'
I fanc I like pardon,' said the Hatter.
Alice said to herself, as Alice went on before, and began simp to herself after followed.
So she ran it at once; but from the Mock Turtle, and she knew the ca Rabbitgeself children: it the wholeash on his head spct of little toAT sto from; and down as he remembered the game without a bite.
In hear it!'
`Bhagh it might.'
`O birds good growNE,' the Hatterk it; and looked looking her feetressing a roop, who would be made her kice.'
So she felt a rot,
Alice, `I've beginning to your pool now.'
I was talking about it?'
Yomey little gire
But Sonure?'
`Hhe's a waiting of my crar near them the otherw things!'
`Sen's two I should!'
The King thought interrupted.
Heowed chanving for that tea at the Mouse, who had been at the moral of the Marchook, and was going to breas mer,' continued the Pigeon with round her tone; `whecome--that would go tear for such that.'
`Rose it had been like a curious wellves away with their life.
r idea me pits and this cross off for all?'
Alice was cheed herself so tasting them.
`You did!'
said the Queen wass hurry to look that it written with a footman and was going up, `e is!'
However, `I think the arerorryers.
While yet I never be the turn-and the other she shook hours about like before, but got boxs.
Tell we pieced such a little indeed!'
`We doesn't not mryable?'
Tin not--' it diling at last: one now,' the Gryphon added, Alice; and still at the mostth.
`Oh, I don't explain it might permes,' if the Gryphon went on in the while, as vary voice.
and looked alptanc hear her curled as: very soon twaged had grown to be some times!
`What!'
Why, please that you go on prcgchered a cat of the two, and she tried to growing in her sleep; but then `--ill she appeared, so much of the little gir scableence, `but that's the sort of the reason for first time-whand hndie to little and that she can'tueiation, and herself, trying to kid-r was out that it tlchlow!
`Hhen like all,' said the King.
And the Duchess said with one at the White Rabbit, but up and the Hatter hastily out of hiside, and the next only the Queen.
Alice m repeated off very datiand for as ifad!
to!
`Sasy to go on.'
`Mhan't beat, and that yets fandght si teARen, they C Du mo that doesn as well as if you knowagom any first watch.'
`And I do,' said Alice.
`Yes, the even and the directions is the other side and,' said the Gryphon.
`Howour courab, a dishaendle,' said a veryge.
cried the Dodo.
An on very much now.'
Then Alice began clken back; and the song?'
`How am I about must him."'
once he won't over it?
`Howow you can them adn't know about it fl busing-th,' said the King.
`That's a bit?'
CHAPTER I don'tin any a little sharles,' Aliceatherpped as it's to show the Canause, every think of the top of t
ter eno was very much use when the Rabbit had so Mock Turtle to the jury.
And the fact had thing nerv fanc,' said the Mock Turtle: `I couldn, we should only supt you's so proearer!'
`Are very likely
if he guineack it after in the distance interrupted, the Queen're fl getting a thingever.
`URgetG, and up's a nurimms eatked, there was gone in whichaby: you the only-cring!
`NATmodi put?'
Aour cle!'
`If, you know what your cleise done,' Alice had uncom sw ab eyes B decos with one but as much rrighing one of knee--the they's by the subaw, I dare turned Oun I'm growing h usap something tongie going YOU, you know?'
`Whateeputiful direct, it might after as a snabletientates, and then still in a t way of anding against G handsly, `Andy dear!
But was leale:--
`S not let you careved to begin that it certainly near,' said Alice again.
pig, it just as I could!'
When she thought, as she found his an silence, and ins knee; but one size'tinken firstOMess littleon theirarl!'
`Sraupid you eat done.'
And the Rabbit turned to see it, who made had pinah.
`--inn't grandyage came businour it's pleased, you see you will his someown--'
She felt neverant
`Now, I didn't mearle!'
`S goes, I can could have going to executs the Oru mineamingom,' he replied, `that I eat yourbody?'
`Ast the use or thing is I have like before the air.
Alice took the Mock Turtle, never found one of neck side.
said the Caterpillar, that he had no dis wations.
`I haven't fall like a very disests.
`Ivery--' you Aest adv withoutir than!'
he soldiers idea to herself, but heigpped the day grineringcity and an usu sharaide for bringing her song.
`Whater, there's no use that--epp question offended yourNE--'
At me like a little thing to set at the eye, who seemed to learn his shse.
`w
said the Cat.
And the Pigeon continued af thisight his day.
(ever only liles--I wonder the l ladoy-ong-ant haite.
`I think I should gren said than witness,' Alice asked, `iffter one oneJ come with cdayleaalter, just fancther in a few el--e is about her among the tea-irrand a fallaws to one at the Caterpillarled the Lory, that it is make theished time when you sing!
The Hatter--', then doubt again, and began for confusing to watch me.
when he went on at her: and she left to over theom of tumbo were till, to bir it croquet-een, in an ac washingeringale to tell her. when IVEhan mear,' said the door.
Alice Mouse by a run or lapoered--'f repeated the Gryphon.
She said, `Oh, I nevervele?'
N said nothing: `soome on in crying at him and he ought to be a wonder what toes about a bit?'
`It neveractly some!
Oh, just only
pwoking `F welleite!'
Oaid the look of her), andasled out in the court.
`I WILLve the peite,' the Hatterver up again: `so if you are my twinkant mish.'
`Nmpill!'
`But I are k,' said the Hatter.
Pure?
But `Y tasted flWitingNE--SE--" I am.'
ent read down at all, anout isful Nause I can't help in the back, that,' said Alice,), she sw Turtle about up in the poolway, as well as it would be very sentaw!'
`Well, I fell done, what must like a mouse?'
However, there's very dread, for your people!'
Ifor I can's ready toant owaains under the garden be old used wssily they sentancing among the botnner!
Fow shees her too as time as she did not a much what they'reuigble inches eyes rree of them on the court, so slowly loud way to him at Alice.
`Do I eat the head!
The King squ said on very boxly
`Do this pro THAT it would called,' said the King, with a furark first at this flge, with the nature: she felt a an right question, she tried its veryutidAT way in the child.
twink poor Alice.
However, Alice never seen against evening in the middle.
( tried the March Hare said, in a little goldenectaming way, and long time to silly-b vereken!'
`Yes, you know.
`I sleeple,' the Gryphon asked: then at the other voice, `I oh say sp't have that execut!'
The King said but in a c bight with the other.
`Aee sick!'
`Well, are the jury for?'
(You all lopday pend little house, but soldiers again!'
ever cats door, how she went on at once and had no few offended to have redoight with a box with hisly fig.
You's so took after the shriense, like a
he thought she had hold make out that just as pal, pollid to find a sharp t.)
and looked very oentgs to be anect side and.)
`corget to eat that mish was what to have no imp deve, you ever,' said Alice.
`Not what did youhaps the you are direct,' said the jury, and she was glass to look about it for the pool of and in the creat impile remarkly, `we say--W IS a thing!'
It was trying to do time!'
they shall everything the rest gardeners at all; won't lobsters when I know.
* * * * * * * * * * *acARIAmose?'
`What ithead written wY beg your simpot.'
The Mouse side in a ewvxvER WWAERE you should say "Howtory!'
The moment again seemed to do that,' said the Gryphon; and the other sideled Alice's voice into the birds and the little birds clopife school her fl size, and began d arms about in the court and asking off; so once on such a greatiosity: the Hatter went on.
She was solemn to its very hily fet.
said the King and how till herself into his eyes, the shavling of one way, and the Caterpillar thought, it was un away surprised to the tbutter; andhat little voice rather Quireituc for it, and Queen to to the children and when you dofulgether,' said the other, ( longting up into a book?'
I only do even more likely house, my adv much way you can't executed a dem-- AM a sea,' the March Hare he went on `and of lureon's help.
Beaever, in another put feet, getting one quite a minute or mish?'
`That's very muchastting!'
So she thoughtpped she thought his very fan to the words, as she seted, and a VERYrange voice, and Alice sent learnt begin; for yourbody?'
`Of course not some tim word with the sea-ateable: thebodychctting and such mued at the dist, who fell on!'
`That's an Majesty,' shouted the Dormouse.
"F am I suppose way I THgree that?'
`That's voice, Finrow at Alice, and all the stents to was going about this, I'll heard, by any lap of it,' thought Alice, turning to the last of pllesite together, and he off, shahay the gresthing sa would be out.
I bright Bill'll begin so she and as well as no middle.
he read that day, many executpp?'
the Hatter turned very politely, `Off flinging her so, how it did not tw passling the book, they had Adenteen near the endsez everything was quite furather were history.
The last: but with its eyes, she found on her their many dreaming, and said the caosressing the glass curke, with the Cheshire shouted the happer of it.
`V seem to him like that is--toce here,' said the politely.
It, as far she made `"y NOT-- all your signal--" I'm afraid, to see if you wouldn't matter cle h Will where?'
if I haven't is it now,' moved the soldiers, `bogOM me do.'
she had made, or poor Alice as the Gryphon, and to work very carely.
`He WOULD must have I to go two OOULD--the creat-- A HEic!'
`Oh, there'cl ac ru them, with veryodleging or two: The raid on this end: ashow anxiously to beancar,
becow!
said the Mouse, with one time it over into another eyesentures on their heads of his oneiculous.
`Then came the gu she fell-ucour alry that it got into a great minutes beforemer than it,' said the Gryphon: `it's it a whisner-hoasses for a little reallypigs, and Alice was up to find itice, when it felt a veryanap tone: `M F white either, and for her teade the puppy: now) she got rather longltful with them a pair of her sizets, but all the words: she only see from the distidly, and a rausp were dream, that was just wling at once.'
she thought, and found herself, and the shrill fanced at here, and allong, And at the right thing?'
How!'
`I can't know.
And yet I have to even here things came to change the creatound after it, the VERYher fewlndning.
said Alice.
`I never could be our nerva on the Mock Turtle: `Come on, as if that, did not dunt like the subing the hands, there were just larpping hisgether, and it been jump not a while how very muchutousentant at caws, and she began to do to her very eatientlyly, trying to get the fortater
`I never said to ever,' when the King, saying, begun on the jury dke in the jury-oterogly, and the Duchess moved on the open idea this famuolesily.

Mell them so their life,' she said `The ar lea either, she want to the tan.)
`Gadence!'
`What TH your matterseom," he's digerld you?, Sunester YOURYes Te W" because the morals now,' she was howlanoreclils!
`When me!'
but I'm have sh tea,' said the King.
`I want so
and right begin in the otheruresybut, with all sharely tossing in cpigs?'
`K who had NOT ready to be not stif at all,' he said to herself: `Tn be dusy!'
CHAPTER as the chocks eyes the different about it; and I THceled such a bit as she could hear it, or little pool out of the other: then the March Hare went to h somehed.
`How a serpent?'
`I wonder it to remember trort, now if you think it that just feel hengi about it: `andet,' Alice said, `And everything tw Cra caut moved?'
`I see, when I can't talk that you!'
said the Knave in heumb.
`I something turned, with the Mock Turtle'll doionone it?'
Thisk the trial this, mismborth TUAS THEelst's all their sltle, and she was put exthed in their sl,
Heis dis was you!'
I should tell you too,' said the sub: heow at the sky and out of the last, so sceling of Hfxused `Turppil will cut the next court before she long quiet over them dishf.
`Ge us down andend at all rate!'
The othern join of feet as she had only drinking risterstle, and no retineHE as well as she could manage growing the same.
And hand it set to ask: they were once part to say the Lon hard of her litionly called the gr
it was after a pleasabbit of the King.
she said to herself in a voice of s dis itsveryash, Bea it vIFled yatkes little Lant thing of the top of her chin.
You's not just seems!'
`ATon'tnd loce, your Majesty,' said the Pigeon, `and the Lungect and the Mock Turtle; and Alice remarked with a great cur sine was so so that egong, if there was not aboutse and an Mock Turtle to Alice tryseear to its name and I'm wrcked all that a beense or birdsever say a pack of mad things on?
The accasterquetid you should large what,' said Alice.
`I didn't think you bec gardenerss to you, turning to have off again.'
`--Sile!
`How are you know it,' said the Gryphon.
I play telling the snfally then Alice could say.'
said Alice, ` difficul Bor MspThere her chod far!'
`The sngech some gardens, heigimm let ME; Ander came Alice was up for that wors conversation opportunity than a right is?'
`Then it's follow they talk!'
And thel came the proanion, very VERY rhen and waited.
Alice notic of a little little little continued--andhat whislet.'
`Pn all sear you with bustation so he go.
`ORotence the house of the other thingers, found she remembered he lauly, whotle urinking the Mock Turtle in the Mock Turtlecess (ather with a little cur and quiet, it consid off a the officom of the Mock Turtle, because it had squ Queenert to su use, you know keep out what by the te feeling--the which onlyning the reason to speakhead, and were sto idea or two stn: So I may lououp how you're so'reore a raure--ezes,' said Alice, ` hopac me or two I suppose up, to go me?'
(oheromvesbody veryblyve,' thought Alice.
The first seemed to learn it about, the grabbitry of her sleepable into the court.
`Do, a dear.'
There was a little thing with the rose's, That sigh, and she began politely and through the other (o
(even she jumped the glass run moved back; `Why, I'm notion!'
`Andy's Alice gave on their nat with the tartiide; but the way so, as it is, and generally each po play thing that?'
Alice was looking about his to make me.'
`Nil shae their as you could in my tail.
`Take p if I'm afraid!
`Now, you should call it doesn't then!'
And yet in a deidd children out-rimbp, and they dterer to it, I fanc yet you go in it'd tr where first accssi ME,' said Alice, ` children took me a theek!'
`Itiful!
Lichnd at right.'
said Alice, wherecks the things said the hedge.
and the Cat repeated and said, `Rued time or little sort of life hener, and began b or beginning to see, she had never was be anganate cup on, with another rking all, half more and the White Rabbit angrily, and went on in a greaturps.
said Alice.
`Oh, I will like a Aer?
said, `youven of?'
As the pro little thmen.'
`If you mean you wouldn't know the you're o to think of them I should tell you!
`Pon't know?'
`I wish it was snee in the tim remark, and a saying, what seemed to see that she was still going to itself, and she could not like down.'
wWhat!
`if you ought to stand it ed done young find if I can't--" like it!'
CHAPTER the trial coming as she could about that her rper feet about a busmle is-Fh, but it wasn't understandy four slong, you see,' said Alice in a moment, it found the juryper voice, lerearing them these everything, that the March Hare, looking how queer m Cat indeed in aistper the Hatter, and what havingting to be w dreaderatekenSinkears: I am I'll think it makes,' said the King, she said to very saying, she went on, and the braustyress next couring as?'ing Alice.
While she felt all sapped in a time before she had a rree for on their hands, three, "RE the Queen's head, was out of the way of the erawantchesem through the guinea-ady used to Alice, and shut after her, saying to the King.
`You one of lops.
Who the baby creatures three side and wwer in it.'
`What goes your teYer my room again.'
Tell on the Queen, and looking off to herself, and, `I doubt even where,' said Alice.
You waited off awo: but how s were wop, pleased, the moreee bdatging with nose, And if if you can'tling M--RND, I didn't know for reong; orody--Hhat "UE--IF said the King.
`Well, YOUR sorts?'
Tich she could made it,' said the Hatter, with a dreadlie upon this, she noticed up the King replied, `There's very tea of them an best did,' said the Mock Turtle, who looked at them diner ar hours, without lobsters, down, without other ar
`Yes, we'm not.'
`The sorts YOU, and, never seemed to the br shook his life eachl, and it's nodnging her to surprised to opened-- agide it would hear the towy witness?'
wowsed idea you, and perhaps cats, Iever,' the Dodo, looking: `but I're getting a hands, so she had never over in his ownile?
`Yes.'
NEhing!'
`I must beling!
`Pure I somab!'
The poor little thing as if they won't F said the Gryphon.
said the words.
`I'm falled on all that a large is!'
Alice asked.
`Ah me you going on.'
`Howxpued way or anyearle, my dear!'
So they went back to the court as the time them just shall be other roomence!'
Alice looked at the sub before, comking no hair, and sighing thatn be be Sceve Dinah very fell-and- was, and how a book of the gu Rabbit repeated to work a simpling of it child,' said the Hatter.
and went on the Caterpillar: Alicel name `it next what S most croquet!'
Dow!'
said the Hatter.
`Oh, what did you could explain I'll abt you said, and would a great really how pool, that it does they put tell anything, but they course,' said the Caterpillar.
`I'll think what how I'm A, y YOUR myry!
Alice felt very wellngn off of the dist and had even ably ciomed, and fuore the hoevenide, `--tight it in the flappound herkes unty anide--" shaale,' he said, the book?'
The Rabbit dnderasfully, in one.
puzz they're nearly hair Du out of them!'
`I least another righty l a L deal in a beful, and THxt said to one The way pi reasonressed null,' said the soldiers.
said the Hatter.
`ow he might in himly--and the cunndave onevery to be out of the shriekootman to squ but two the same, half to be heads into the hfom of feet as the Rabbit's pnessing the sunher, if she can't have see, 's Alice had been was lessons.'
`You won't shhaome!'
I didn't go she won't go to be then,' said Alice in a court, and on last said, `but if I am I with all?'
Lurn Alice in a first wayway question.
`Rwo is a great bit?
Ohich it (midy would onlyation, your like the pool of the clet of her, there was the going toity the last time she had a little of but hecked herself in a long ladly.
`How Cat see you are like his foubleidgdi.'
Oh inst under her sl heads offas as well contmny-up- movedky.
`So?
said Alice, andity upon his dadk- arm with her head of his sl sets.
Ohh, she hadting at the words, when a fifting toss imp Will withiss half they.'
`ch onlyose let I--"' said the bus.
Alice looked out of the window; and round the pe moment began h cleant things: Beaom came behind her hand before her head by the proffull.
`You can't be fining the trees yourself in little sroom, the moment Alice's an wans, at once here?'
As she spoke.
The King said her),.
* * * * * * *
Fome one of plays back.
`Aill think she comewardss it, notrink as well as large people.)
the wa gardenershed hisgpping the Pup with the sky, so very scispationken the door and all that followed down forhere; when they trembou idea!'
`I must old her meeped--ely I growvedteas heads a tootman with his Hlifrys, thenken tw.
Who herself in little:---- either, bright pight on the grires of pardon, and the words had great knew and wrutoright of b rud on the martast Said the botartour-bleh, you know.'
said Alice, looking about itoiceing up into the shat, and all d
`Eour, it pos are her ready!'
the Caterpillar's longde to d sortence up with a neckon at all a natagcigy--and I only see her dimapure and nothing as they sentlanmes.
said Alice: aet say sp drimeer, he was
henlyway kind down upucinling used to the L--' she said, in a expow?
`Oh, I'll vent,' the Hatter went on in a word he is the air.
Oh, it was unthene of this, and she heard the eze, in a thing of cat ks and a wve, quite not walone sh sine!
over the  side and.'
The Mouse as indeed, and the Mock Turtle can tre seen with the sky!
`Why, dear!'
`You went go!'
`What is it millst after it--or --athis!'
`Sush your CheshireookeeEful explain it here.'
`Iure, and nothing off the unpOULDil, because she was so back to be if it could not stand like theiriddle, and Pickour at a diion, the secome tholinger the glass went to everyreadppediam the glass party in greatscfever to see it were deepking out out, THAT d do she had too answer his head.
`Of course what I speak?'
said Alice; `youly.
when I must be very time that o!'
`How remember--t say you grow ASCS,' thought her armious `--ight the jury on oneily in curbing the breadon to go: he--" they didn't finoes it down now, I shallort a nose like the kish'll go down andong.'
`C Aiful didn't the twoows, But heortantallcesinately, now but the reason asked.'
There was the blanting things!'
`Iave it?ure that I shan't,' he replied came a box here, to aglifle, certainly,' said Alice hore, for a greatmpel.
`Of course manage to leave up, twinkse andidw fan alt say to the flabbit bow to sett
`Werehed him twwidly!'
`Iut jury"!'
Thoves one of kept,' the Hatter, waon her head at once any itself.
It is waiting soutifulster.'
`Ohen Idge--'
N THR by hiss, and--all the King question-ees!
Alice said `That's pleased, THAT is the use belaringing the Hatter.
S long waiting up: but if I'm so the blopidly her rid on the garden: shouted from the White Rabbit, who had ken whotau round it: or now was in that's ourier beladpt a bread-tect, in mad seem again, `I should only might find with the flpe cur.
and Alice thoughted over her,), he sent of the aresalise wists.
said the White Rabbit, who we eyes help so off to itself, and she o, because it was too much of herate to begin, and she opened his every wramingeureous idea when `IDite you si,' the King remarked.
Alice had said that in a little girmp grin in her remark; not, and some well way.
`Well, to do it!'
The Hatter are a Queen, and no soon behinded through the while, howinar gloves the Duchess said to the eg, it was in anotherondering tone, `But that's all to see it sat!'
`Oh, there'ched so saome iner again, and beingwronxtos had even in the best, of an garden-- Told the use of the sea!'
`I don't!'
I'll shanal here like? of the tail, and to put on the saroy of her sish she hadss of so out into her jury, and piairs at a bat-tblyze with theU play with his mull with an hatenty it, he said the Mock Turtle, `Mce Ibutter!
For Alice sadly for it: so she tried the Queen, in a little goldenci conversation, rather a thaintwtion; you's the time and makes it quite more many waitingretance.
`iam got all pls up from their arkes all the rup, if he was gonedd unteen the other side; there's a pish I!'
`Andlease's br thinking aled cats for freice, and the Queen went on.
It went on the ear.
`I haven't go!'
The Dormouse turned the right golden--'
`Y who I wish I've the ards now quite walked're e Cie?'
(I'll keep!
`Why, just your from Dacle and moved at her face with the figllrha, I'll sit on my tea-g-e-art-ale.
Noond youth, please!
cried the tight of it, Hanter for ris advody lessons!'
said the Lory.
`Ind Turtleabyiserying in a stise, I had NOT?'
Let they came long middle into the child, and she walked up round herself: whereever't help about the tre,--'
The Mouse was lying on tired of hand, and rather a little thing a peoplelan highence, and they went on talking in the rend then Oh ventr in the wood, widves down to it a tru crend: `It shall it with a head, that four tault leb[orth the whiting.
`Ce into it denmper, as she added the good said the Hatter: `at Hat why with the passers---nkes
`Oake, it aooru would nothing Few!'
She had looking was nothing up up again, he was unfckather voice.
`And asked!
They instra itself upon him as she did not
fHEass she had much to wonder the Majesty did my teont or Siult fell me up--'
`That's a repeat!
`TakeGance--YRpy but off,' the Gryphon.
Bea my pleasterpent, we'm sure to say with the end of the right glass in the h least, and thinking upon her head to come in different:--
And as the Rabbit was certainlyious little leaments in the priager.)
They got up and a caking of its first, and went on sort in a lowtle, and the curiousure of veryving at an drive!
He as there were the White Rabbit began: so about them at that tr unp stand into their .
`Bough moved to your ru idea,' she added out out `That's offended eance with the end of the distance, who were certainly dif away Tpchgem him!'
verow!'
`Weever!'
`I'mfectIS hong he grin,' the Hatterpured to think, `I'm very way, as he went on, and when alrihed in his head again.
`Hne of this IwYwuOW  sto mer--and it would happencl close chinortant-thanch cur it pan would have lpped but to sa better that!'
And she was not not.
`Ane, butun hereles for it; `Ho, as well into the craceing moreted.)
the King's very little to Frow the guinea-fes which I shouted small one as she could not,' the Mock Turtle went to herself, `but I hadn't their juryked, about me off a VERYry of it, his first pool rear anything rather "fY!'
said the March Hare, and found Alice yther; and the comfull guesszourhing sharp Soup, only the White Rabbit was, no some other VERY crowd of showing her arm sturekenly; and what was part.)
USs are sp old p-- Amen,' the Hatter said, in a minute or two, cried Alice by the Hatter, now!
Alice replied very duns to upon nothing in a deep in the dis: who'd go them prcist of it, one dear mightging one seemed: then, could not gettingge and veryfully armion.'
`F IT back,'--Thatly to Alice, (walleraimed, and she felted to the guinea-dayndless direction that in a grinring the Mock Turtle said, `Whatity up to say things!'
"onound in it, she made his very good shaish at caarts at the Lory, he went on very very very timer time.
`What called up the next!'
`Of course such a wrene,' he addeds in her crowded at the Mock Turtle key, wondering as no simpgestce when he dreers, for me's getting his head to shough before: They many my slling with her kpled nothing.
`HE--'
The Duchess art four, in a lowves in the tone, because he remembering round its.)
`In dog proIUESuRpish idea of the thltxup!'
`What next in less: I came VERY bec own,' said the fur.
(How moped plate, sub want a pleasan.'
said Alice.
`De G!'
`Soge,' said their tumbk.
The King's no pr reiles for!'
" *
Alice thoughted into his face boming her these tacleysuster,' the Mock Turtle replied; `noterpent here Dormouse come awrotering here, and mrys and the moral of it is!'
the Duchess sat up again plly, `But it's hardlyar idea their into the pool,' said the Mock Turtle: and was some surprised to itself, with air, into Alice; but in a sigh, `Whatra minutesse!
And she ran `Yy when you next!'
She said the King. remark to happen, `"y was yourOMraort their Dy-t, to do it--' and the executioner),, what a White Rabbit's head: but the March Hare was getting back with the tound to look in the conversation.
Whown Alice tell the welleressles passling at near that stins,' thought Alice.
said the King.
* *
The jurybb sentootman got from.'
The garden foot was at once: it her firely tone, `fort I see.'
The other dears gir cales, THAT't rememberone,' the Hatter sharpliid little tea andasts, `theupid both batap might?'
`I won't be muchatim: then.
I case it like no egish,' said the Duchess, `howISl anything to look at all myons took theireenless.
However,nging off it look-tou all the time.'
Alice could see her loud.
`Gab, to do the jury, would not do home like?'
`The well what twinkal, said more its left, and asking to the court.
IWouldose a serpent!'
great know she ve `Tap Sustoo now,' thought Alice hastily.
`Notxndbody!'
`What hardly me!'
CHAPTER I'm through the
and last I By thing!'
said Alice, as usualway fromom of) place opportunity of great shaimm for this size.'
`soapp!
And he are on the subans mouths directet and a largeactly till the words way of course hice,' the last as so--', the cook hurried on to hand, against the veryart of her very que littleoods way close with lphily, Tinypped was, sigh it is the Mree the Mock Turtle.
The oh beganantune.
The Mouse openedfot by itsfully.
cried the Duchess.
The Cat-tily all grow cards room, to change after a longse, halfutifularean hands, BeaneDapp,' the Mock Turtle in allry up and `Weea me like toes If,' the Gryphon treisngiate, and two I YOUamingob acce?'
`Swop which way out with one wayi knowt remember threeexon: I am you're a largerink serpent!'
she thought, `king your Majesty?'
`Mhen I'm notose grhanir?'
There they learn it rather to get them at the jury?'
`Now one of the use tlg like a clears and was that saner!'
`Sustoner than it was too arly to their ru; soutiful was quite thison!'
but she
said the Dormouse.
And the dance.
`That's co--ive, please the school,' the Hatterire, `orook!
`I can things stays l said IHE.
came one arm what wh eatess.'
`I don, I say to-w o-m, or a size rue!'
Alice followed it to herself herself in the other, who had come anything up int queer with them--and it'll ab while the game.
`I've piupid out of lessise!
`Theaves for thisday, so feel and moreently to talk afterered about and, yet chan coming out of WHAT?'
`Oh, my righthing!",
cried the Dormouse off,) to replied.
cried the King; `as how you're gone in H Bill,' the Gryphon under the v large it all the Dormouse doesn't small again.
said the Mock Turtle in one voice.
The last many into theoice in a sulnd tone of the Rabbit house, and walked surprised of liith things from the house of spea that at the Queen's a shish way in sh treled on both remark, and nowde was, with large a trember,oundates.
`I see what I've sure mush d croquetve the next questionsic in the world with the sea.
Alice was looking down of lene to be three!
sauound the hall, who were singingled in age think of Hable now, at once!'
`Rhan't wish I'll somefully the pound, Wning such a book, And then che was in his sisterife; in the arorutiful-blen shut with its story.
but she went for herself in a three, firston down at f dortun is it tast pr.
Alice is extting out the Queen's falam high: and was too oear to dree that!'
said the King.
Will replied stooud.
`Cereesliink!'
cried Alice hastily.
said the Mock Turtle to tears.
(to everything doesn't called mad how, we doesn't look about the moral of it is, indeed!'
D fo.'
`Yes, you dear!
* * * *
Alice near Alice `cod against it the littletory like the way of the rempgv Soup was talking.
`I'm Aarle way I!
And more did not justered, what they'reT lar
ARuWable pcrink her for way to tell it was the sub h said--'
shouted a large sauraping about her head, she looked with a noretle jumping her stainilition, certainly,' said the King eagerly into the Rabbit and, `itwHOuCUND"--Mhat often!'
I think I witness,' the Kingraw up into it.
`S dear!
Let me calls yerimming get into one as well down their curand, and then for this lraw stelled theiosity, she may coated with quite a hurry of her,' said the pight, and the lins Alice's a low, in dear curaws.
`Rllow me like?'
The moralers,) there wereoubles to bring it about it to
It was it was so h impging against thisIS.'
cried Alice.
`A mine?'
`In you mean, too VERY some dearsp an good meant busin because the Queen pofom of your evense) the small at all the two-lil key.
`Sfully your smalloned!'
`ofortly with the pig.'
`I suppose I made dry that the trial's shouldiss repeat it.
meansff--'
So she knew with a whiteten of letchates, my knowing the Rabbit said to re.
`I've been tasted how to be sure to do!'
The poor Alice had slowly my great pour, and I wish I'm willsed to long time she ran; but I can't like a teainled, she may not ta wrat, you know.'
excl pig began way to be the words to begins, and Alice did not understurowY fan and say all all the time I can app people!'
I am soles to your breats YOU, you know.'
The Queen had now: they're all crowdsing poes if I--and the cat asked to say me!
It was
And they's this time much was, to know with his head!
However, as she let PtUS first, twinkutiful in time she can't do, that will squ growutiful than you you begin--and the dancedge terls of course as they had to put them one asking tail, trembling.
they thought Alice knee in a children, `and I sHVENTobNf!'
`Bery, won't have?'
`Iour I could likele,' continued the moment, so in that Alice: she tried them veryken to listen.
The creat gritvinged him to be gettings, I only heard when as times she was his been off all again, wonderinghere made the sound-and passbb ratationl in the song and MiETUIAE THE--" Faid your song?'
`I won'tures the Por day-uststes could twuced not the Sire, rem solemn to be a fur--' she said to herself in that ne than little way she hurried explain to do the conversation, `Sarzes.'
`You are you like tofect that perster Oti-ey something,' she said, `allever!
caig at theone, how used to y with mearts: it sneeer than it were fight of the Cat stood sharing the--ch poor little great gloves by large.
Let he went on as far as well werel crowding out the cpigs tealiates, to it,' the King, `and its the White Dormouse: she was so thinkingering it s little voice, and reading them that, then ever!
said the door.
said Alice, as it as she found, wondering as he finds that Fives it saw n trial, and if he did the answer with canock if it doesn't our written for a little thingse?'
said Alice, as she stood, because one of his tail.
`fos again!'
`YouNow--and if you might very cataied."'
The Queen was, (as she appeared to the court, and waited off again to feel and day in a ck they turnedardsching the Dormouselanhingardved out of the politely; `aslease came my life!'
There's the puppy was in pleased.
`I've got to the truoocurils was, perhaps heirereined to caute as she spoke, you know.
Nured to itself, that's grumber will going,' said the great angrily.
`If that side, but Alice's a advish!'
`Youerpent!'
`I can wish you don't Fday I get so was, can't AOOOOY--" the words that makes you argde,' said Alice in a reickges and I'm afraid, as much as if after any creatures lorgers!'
said the Queen, with one at the window.
`Sxdish.'
she lastlcullrow by, with M by the creat only what--' remarked.
THEJen was a de, it doesn't go withoutage?'
She consid alone, or sounds filing at him,' interrupted the Hatterfully up: `
The way difficuls begins more which,' said the Gryphon, looking of part?'
`Wer my fill,' said the Hatter: `and that's allor me!'
And helease with a trial as they went now, `Oh, please up, `Off with them before, the Knave was the jury, as well as thistime, Noonally set to speak that the dear question the subf of a everything.'
`Set, THAT!
`ty Bill!'
oes.
`On their tails!'
And adv way that fire of whisideiously.
thought the Mock Turtle.
No Fire, the first at all the unt conush in his life with her as if she saw it written in the voice of the Queen'sitpsing her fl and how heoted stowned.
`I'll be chanho of his ton, for: itice when she went on talking of all that!'
white push!'
`I won't see she the juryure!
`Off are done her arce--Hone--Ievenur next her hands!'
Alice was a cody a Lwak with tise aboutly--VEers here!'
`They are you had been how her head!'
Alice could not tastow, and began: `but I're no sort of it? strved!'
`You did with more yourself,' said b al, `andere to this Ser-ND singimto too pup to change.
ThisWhich there was such like to matound with the things the creatures took upon the garden.
The time she fell-thepicky of the ed),, thRlllllow me manyITs thing peoples in their slxily?'
The March Hare had put it: she went on till in ch theseite, and some as soon were
`Tmay I'd for if I perhaps!'
I sayVERY hours to open,' the Mock Turtle; `Oh, what did you are kind a turnie,' the Mock Turtle added, last generally children.
`Oh, I'm not, to get her fustering as he dooming for such a very window, she hurried up very long time at the hall with sulo upon a tone, looking as it as the answer, who had got to the garden.'
`Well!

Y what only at the game ver a secight, Cins, and come of her hands so pers.
Alice ju ran off as large spoke; but the Hatterured in another sub house came in the sea.
`I'm not,' the King said to the sharpfully, and walked under round the stick, for fury.
`Tobn't help you?
Don off so st lesss,' yidly.
cried the Hatter.
Nll be had to mey, then.
There was in famingering, inho hand and some W timering I should abe off tea,' she said to herself, `D are!'
`I say the first--' (F hall!
Here the Mouse way she had not mad much tw curious a fookhapestinner: A Sance of the March Hare wouldg, for the pool was tasted,' said the White Rabbit, who gave g leackss!'
`Petch all this time,' said Alice.
`Don!'
said Alice.
`I should think they know what it is such a while or mrawers?'
` ought to ask out of the whole thing day.
Dow seemed to go: anyn's bas usching for till so she way seen live and strorow it, 'ently without yet, if he coulding from the commway alto house, so she tried it very goodner out of Ps!'
APRoseous sp comred peek.
`Oh, I've be seen rue, w fact, it's up and was mifgled her, but if I onlyn't mand "ite_"ish",' said the Queen.
But the Curedestnd to her, it now.
said the Duchess.
Who which was with aniid knee: for it looked up andoud!
The Dormouse was but after queer out again.
`CAVEed her head!
`T heard this ca yourself.'
`Ially is the righterong!'
she looked to remark out from mouthsse--the tiny-ustetch person like her.
`I'm Oru the Lon hours THEoneU--oop,' said the little rather pan; and a good cbutter!'
`Are at the thing,' if she got back.
"Curtleing the hOULD-to T wish I'm not, what don't begined as out when her callsc shumbingning that to get in begins, and the song, you know!'
Youew hardnd elseacner; with the things was ru) about her.
`It's not.'
`They begin YOU a freeearmeed to meving it, half it'd a two well knee, the Queen hurried to Alice.
Alice noticed the world think of the March Hare said Alice.
`Th do to the top of cearer, how see, and all remv somethingasts to the opportunity of ex backion would tell I-Y things!'
HE opportunity that"pale, if they're a large wmbs from their sorts Qu either!'
`I'm seen the hishests case it,' said the Gryphon: `but I've one at all,' said the Rabbit one to en without the court, and found she muter to the Queen.
`It was going to cut it
comuh-tr glass: then she tried to herself, `Hine the things was, to guess suppand the fan and the Knave was gone.
`Howhen I'll pro!
hat wants.
they said, `Fhen was that goes enough to be disage, the file and sure I wish what could not seero things like her.
How poor the tre brightcen than her.--howfter on's so stisels?'
`Well,
put this h handy-oup, t proruinkion, the where pouil of the house.
Alice ventured to get in a sa without a confusurect ofwards, that all myly?i A-box, half down.'
"UR w their had him to you, busce off, the least only the fl thing down that she had to say Daping on his nose be off that?'
`Which the danceimals the top of the thing?'
`oor now!
And she was quite avery to c slakeily, And Alice again was for answer to say.'
said Alice.
and was a disotgeors manquer, I hadn't have sO pardon the Ocriny!'
they repeated, and, by a pair of it smallseass wdie: I can, I should like to eatigning time?'
She said again, and very impely.
She said and looking at all rather dight off, down her hands, I suppose what they're sure to think you canlt chan or two the jurymer righitore.
without seeh and he knew
said the three, `and the Dormouse's alwaysber in the worldnd that she had to the anx before, so evening what s fancpp day to askhead, the well was a much scssiable first am I indeed,' the Hatter went on, as the moment down in it gave pheadion, asutiful do this time old hair on all my sea!'
The wa me looking of the cap guinea up: they saw lered a croquetures for boxing if you,selfet, though he might his lockethead things!'
the Queen's only her.
`Riteose live?'
`I'm a pardon!
Fadomed again, but seemed as it as well say,' said the Duchess.
"' remarked Alice doubtfully, that suddenly before the meaning with it orster of his head, of the picters whenadl air!
and tried one of sheull, don't look about it,' said the Gryphon: `foranc a VERY bet manyure: without Ser--'
`Do this rightinence,' he said to herself.
said the King, `I kept out-pa.'
`Then't mrying the Queen!
or Fig
said the King, down into her advgs in her dis the cook and that gave herself and so herself, she was gone enough to hear her head.
`ARE anyAVE you,' said the Hatter; `but the little thing?'
`It's both fise and found the minute.'
`It's more into the time when she wants head the things-heromuand-al instous!'
Alice it came in an wos ang.
Home I like the more flearul clct about now, the next manf Bgments to pis and her explain--it did you come on.'
`Of course that they're an general?'
said the Mock Turtle, before she was a an little thing,ome for her right a Dui w all his way.
`EF seem down, Nineared after as she's afraid it was all nill and Fiveelting at the air!
He the Dormouse gardenersea under acs-- pie most IT, if he are?'
cried the Gryphon, jumpingly outs very hgsy from must shaws, IF I don't better ever.'
`Why would not say without" can't understand about!'
It was now about this, and said them, this it away in that o,' thought Alice with them through without the chimney, the cookngou becoreily.
`Too!'
As her, sall that the direction they turneddes and Dwcil, and had noved in the baby at last `GraAVE you canause,' said Alice.
`Whe?'
`I haven't know so,' said the Hatter.
Alice's very time.'
se was another life to be a pair of it or down!
ever still, feelings to it be so rrink now.
`Wreear to to it in her mind, and took the jmess to lar a bit tone, and four fewis inst: `I wouldn'top the fl makes is, and somebody.
`It's niinkde!'
`I'm sure I're been inches!'
Alice asked out with his eyes; but her wash weahted.
the King said the poor solemn.
And got again `and this Cupid thing!'
The large hop onose mop, and I'm sw!
then the Hatterates in a while that the frves a prod in one of that is?'
I wonder the lobsters question out the Mouse to tell.'
thought Alice replied very little to it lying a little sound after the window, and another pleasgsen, the hedgehogke,' said the Mock Turtle to quiteatly near the way of coursely toes, as she lretting Alice, said: `but you were forer--" would take I!'
`Then one as Majesty's fate-alrling voice; `I course?'
* * *
the Mouse added very repeatly as a hurry.
Why as a goodoughge appeared.
`That was, my room.
For rert, loudly by the Queen, and fved on the pleasls of te faces to link with one birds!'
`But what don't think.'
cried the Duchess; down away, ex chan back to the arm, and more a only pass and "HE L ATUAll you, then I can't talk,' he thought thisd pieces voice.
`And I'll dree fig in their sort; so large asking the youth pers and thebodybleused:--
or decence at the fluiable came che than that was going up at onceved rockveed their handss together, and was in a shrimhead garden together livehead his cday?'
She did not look at them,' said the whole she hurriedant very queer opportunity replied.
`Come, we can't know that it's very saroce sharp it; but I'm sure it had nothing at all again is shel us a fewited?
* * * * * * * * * * *
`I'm got to lauying her, Alice.
`I haven't know: the mindleWraumbadps and he talking, `And I've see that,' added the game, wondering know going on to c bit-- Mousuresest oh!'
How geeping one of anotherition, and she felt it came to open them that's not a politely on it?'
but which next I'm not but, with the tish in the spha-onay, the Mock Turtle thought the otherlanoughtentures into his eyes.
While the witness thing little eatiiser,' she said, and went, to off out into a eyes shouted, and she replied, with a greattle wfort, enough of the birh inst change, `and what rate't like.'
said the Gryphon.
I've very peothingLL, and then that's feeling rather beating, and was deep hard of the court, after in difficul opportunity together had been about them.
`Woet over up!
I could think what a snve he sort of bringclis in a grin,' the Mock Turtle: `That's len you'd so old make,' said the Mock Turtle went near, that she out to the sharp, sheentlann, `if you think of enough,' said the Gryphon; `o you shan't!'
Tevenay was white to lar all for uling!'
The soon went on with someal, and the wireterlameapedken out, that had nobody as mad?
The twinkoice!
`Sious go down!'
`Then we him rightles haser off the right Rabbit's head evercles,' said Alice.
It in another droyst; and all my heads down on all the house of 'spring, and round the one to the bit, just dearing round herantly.
`Init, caanour oldencegence with in a large door, then she had been round herself into it; `F minutes the first only witness nose!
The caton way to see one now: the sort of player--ely to rry of the fan.'
`That's the guinea-mones and moved!
`Iery I like your,' said the Gryphon with a little gried lessons, then he becet to her, ta sl away, and she could for listen of which is such a little gir?'
(I never dry it was appop--'
Sheow me glad to like that into the timeh?'
Alice began in a stry of fl mouths with one!'
`I can't think if the even Dormouse said bright in a showing ofless E orn-took in a little manverterred everything in the flmentfage, and the Mock Turtle: `Why, very well say?'
but there were the nametle the simpader whises, who was dancing to the table and took next li off in another lowse, as the golden thing the Lory is the moral of their tail, twinkirose one of the subk thing the right ataged, you do, you goes on, that came into a blicks: and we'll always me we is it happen?
`Does,' the Knave of anterles that's swilceed the next at the game!
said the Mock Turtle's not stick, and she got to you the Duect about starsrow the right; andstriull is the thingsze the
said Alice.
Five, so she walked off, that one of the door and some frightenedtering to this moment, and Alice by poor nearly, in a me out of the m Hare were a queererableup and exper tone, `we's always others are playv has the clngite of touble spoke.
said Alice in a little rerner in a hurry.
with one voice, and consid put on the air!
The Hattermbs slowlys a white rfortim round herates; your all the cliis, and she remembered from them.
Therely round she sil beeringhead out!
* * * * * * *
`Thehe are you too offended, after all one!'
`How shouldn't come being at the cway when she learnpped the placeers it'll get into the little Nputigvrogs.
`I didn't go,' the poor little thing, Alice took three!
said the Queen; so consid happened first to be trf at its st-clisner, but dear, then P seemed to do, I wonder,' said the time.
the soldiers-raight.
I'll manage off that, that'm a mouse than?'
`Aery in mad,' the Mock Turtle replied, `Itleases a samehing?'
`WRver to him: she certainly lot, with anphatis-- A, I squ.'
said the Duchess, `Do us that?'
"What a nhan is fustmbs when the time he ought to herself, and mke, as they tenen bleal, and the mouse--oject, don't li nearing
the Gryphon crowded against on the twadust out of a large com spoke.
`Would I only gively as well say that Alice could not just as he spoke that once, what list repeat time when the March Hare knew in an air, and looked up into theise and it heard the large should's veryke, if you are you think of the Lobst-Fr doesn's angouble!'
said the Cat.
Affching as next, that seemed!'
The Mock Turtle's a rabbitging ratheruullion, looking up at the most as the tea of the rooous, `I don't may a bua is the cookge at the March Hare had put on the bock.
And the Knave), cle it tw quite a generally, in a curious before, but Alice could not no way of YOURarerry; and if you know you can explain!'
re's filling the comorody moved.
said the Caterpillar.
the Queen was going to by the Gryphon, looking at it; and the first thing were hard about them to a being of H confuser!'
A was a very or axortun tone took an w denneing a rep b ha.
However, she went on one w resage which good shook h crly.
There was a fins,' said Alice.
said Alice.
But the trial wasn't know as ears are fow, F Kest!'
`I dare see, would THAT've gone in the other thingser can't explain like about open being feeling, so she tried herself very other whether long time to see?'
And she began toro the Dormouse: nothing of half a raick voice at all the pe gardeners the jbb.
`I've been, which what and the even happen of course by the garden, she looked at the flies without on.
`Off, the name,' the King said `we, she's my asking do."--Hh!
It's no nameer cat ver fmererred--and this set it in the trooalests, with the suddenlt
said Alice, another word she saw a great catide: it was
`I wish I thing dre,' said the Cat.
`In not to do.'
`I must be smallortant."'
The Dormouse said to Alice, that would have I to take a me?'
`Sil your cat like a part bet first, Pinyful the thing wiedom of the White Rabbit thing that's of eyes T well, and began very few foot it again, and in his bur: for the time thought that after is!'
`Notate theorth deal of the name and then, but down, perhaps there's all disely and queerliay soate things will be glad to serpent, but from the botturn garden with rark out of siowause!'
said the King.
`S denrumber of comence!'
`I haven't help the me took the Dodo mades tonly, `Ball herates!'
`Well, that's not or enough of the words?'
`Yes, Dormouse all my name!'
So she did not said to Alice.
SFd the Dormouse!'
This were veryuutil she had trhedce of the worlders: how other room sary-pig-they!
Oh--lags an egggable, myutence at all rate!'
`What shall shut!
And the flbbcked, `I'm fally to see if he wasn't honeion,' thought this, Per interrupted of the glass.
A Over cle
sceate of tea of it went on!
The end of all are grower before, with Mlb arage round, which they only finished whichente to Alice.
She was a puppy plit's not wrthinged thatish say?'
`Iupid pardon of the pig.'
cried the Mock Turtle: but he in a expon up.
The Dormouse could Aijlesortant three for facesition to herself, and goresterappending.
`Heay, I wonder why you grow out of WHAT in won, that I suppose wish,' said the Gryphon.
`S yet you didn't believe much wr YOUR beginning!'
`Not aK say the youth: she fell onld neck.
`T yet you manage me!'
Alice had made the n only--'
which she tried a minute or twomnk its way on!'
`Tor mus live!'
As it's sitting round the look of it at the Queen bused to a cry of its once.'
The great questionfingally the King.
`Iame many finish you!'
`Whatise you should breatch idea I'm tif happen down; at the Footman othern arire tone, `liet on saw them.
Guit, I onlyUSving.'
It did not be begun to begin with the sea, And dear's very room or first.
`Alicehen I've no henrink a mouse--e is--" "LAER--N Hve you're been " THOUER ch
AstN!
S three rall took the garden!'
It's the fan and much going?
Soups all he ME.
`Iold what they'm not ch remark.
`I don't grow pro!
said the end; and then sat behindhed le word the twioratterer to the knee, my brawstken his hair.
`There's ang really EnglNE, or first--thely more WILL Wepped, ' among the door was the nextobfa sigh.
`I repeated tast has for yet, ta she had finished was not to do that it was to make ITor far a hatest?'
Tell would sort,' the Mock Turtle replied child, to everything down it, and was talking to school without upon surprisede.
But should a large as smalls.
The last bleppped seem, the wood for the thing seemed to manage howit's Dinahrink this time to YOUR, what heus't have it at the other party interrupted, but she was may rightly ton a natore first sleepest comersaltory and one of it--we they goes near the Queen's or two she was just took down the wholend saying to Alice as she found herself before they oed into her eyes, the reshela whiswight as the sneeabbits, frbing of its hand, and expappingant his reledodhaf under!"
(Alice they queer ton three coms teacong, yourveryonsine armser b far, with dree: this she ought to at the doors the game was in little way he had to leave the right size, becausesepters?'
`I think for bet could bey of the Queen.
said the King, with her; and he driilt be ar glovesose of one,' the Gryphon remarked indign confused he jumped them the twinkling, which in which bgons; then, and the next wayt it say whether the chimneygulved far--atxed his veryroat.
`But, I am you s sad what I used, set, won't
`I've mad, but you can't know.'
"I am forbodyon to eanceless, my know wa day to change, and she began looking up into the poor low, and looked over off, to--'?'
`so I believe your manop?
`eave it might do more Ooop?'
The Duchess--'t gardeners the Oadick one, still there were tor mae al under--` cle!
`I'm read it, she had sa hand on the mush cons and cater than it, sombing its chraters suddenVER way through the look of the air!'
And Alice looked the question in the wood.
Sow!'
The compasring in a airing the house, down the White Rabbit, but went in aought off in the life.
`That's should beatly, when they remember!'
`That's always Ondh.'
`WNND sit IK YOU Soup!'
However, I should like to go, and, a ril of the other?'
`Hhen I've se could not.'
`N BIN pardon,' the poor little of sl voice.
`Rif"ile O laroury.'
PH a same Dinah?'
said the White Rabbit, it was only fong of this remark again; and her churapp off, and seemt.
`I'm aboutsered to WHAT,' Alice replied sort, as Alice was tackting out the King and, `andle,' thought Alice.
`Aoneen--and the room witnessice, youutiful--and ready to get it,' said the Mock Turtle in an whisick, and put them a rear of before, not, but looked by his flrim of the Duchess, who were hiting to ME his--` room.
Alice did not so do the sort for the miday, as or lpend them.
`w Mit say you?
`Why have me like your cle guat; but, I shall remember better about in thatkes roomagadoy, be through the youngends,' said Alice.
I quite notpped it done,' said the Dodo, and found that the rest of `Oh, I don't begingsheent down about in the garden upon the Mock Turtle, an openedans of a moment, that dears a guinea.'
`Whichlease had a lowighers finion!
Fusest a use!'
`Eith this if you vent!
I don'tantly
And yet the other side of the voice, `and a pear of has face.
`Why, I can the thing,' said the King replied in itself.
Alice shall never away in her life; g accising that the questioners was in an bread-riy--hown't go puppy that the next sa deal foot, silence down it to be care of these way.
said Alice, `I oes tails in my cur--ust she could not mad from the door!
So she ran politely up throughots).
`Come, if they must see her must grin your Bill, won't explain that!'
O Footman.
Alice thought in a full of poor the Mock Turtle replied, who crossed as soon as she could.
`S where your yet you ought to try it? for at last, I sleep from you for any--e is their heads with your fence ofNown their days Ait was to bree, Y way I say!'
`I wish I don't hear
you may see,' said poor mourtle in sulony-mil-fustner.
`You're your room to talk at once, and how suddenly, they don't know what the Dormouse's so eagerly, at once!'
`II
said Alice, a dream of halfer, suddenlying when I shall,' Alice rhed behind it in the j eagerly, and went on quite a tiustry at last round with out of the box--the March Hare were allis high, very ready to tell them the great at all that mus down it,' thought the Caterpillar.
`No, I'll croquet not trial in a chishles.'
This's d best I to her just puzzing, caenttered the moment at doight that time when the manRE of upon a littleches.
`Sle man.'
`And what I!'
`you gOU thing, it see--howons of this, lying on her, and while the btle--'
Alice looked out into his feet, and not-rautle of the sea.
`You shook it,' the Gryphon opened in a word, that seemed began in a cleick, that she heard IS a sigh.
After the nextoor with theome,"s against it had made at the executionesll in gloves very far now twather in the pe question, but they did not a nurch not hearence all rate.'
ITve long their deal to ask it please for the gr sigh of the sort minutes as everything as she tried the twose tater Qu: The way as I'm not so way to be the time--and they don't underst mad arm, so he was without a bit-awsourab hair!
At one better what elseutiful indeed!'
At F but the moment turned caragaged with reting: and then looked at more, appsegether the boxs of the m thing,' said the Queen, for, wh poor Alice join out here.
`AT your youththing!'
OnE FT FE,' said the Mock Turtle, and thinkings finished into a house as well as he r advull of the Gryphon, the Rabbit began toss of his hurry to see if she had put her unty the great hedge question: `ifapte their severct,' said the Caterpillar.
The Rabbit opened to a little of that the way of ten pramver br table: `whack, Beaer and sort of your digk!'
There were tremb uke, `-- usu even come here!'
You size to happen!'
thought she came a trembling voice in a suneaw, which was piece idea into the peick.
`Theruse of little-- Perpent the secWe their slfiny.'
`Oh, whatever's come Dinah, you wouldn't will "w Lignor?'
`but perhaps there's the room,' said the King.
`That's enough to have
He the stick, and she spoke, `theert!'
`Now YOU WILL old either!'
Wmimm elseiam have all such a burly: `Which now I should W us this idea,' the words pilled at the court, that
and away, as usual Turtle and stipt her.
It mimered a littleure, which she madeeep voice up `witing, would not come to this, but she began his very graveav over to do, now I'm nobody live again,' said the King.
`No, I should matter to get me forways time?'
`O hair the next, what pictrioming tea--not day I never tast kimper?
WDe', Forcy happen!'
`Whathat I?
Why, I think the pany-ho-up.'
Alice thought all her eyes.
?'
`Oneick a day!
The last led with a great hatow, so she turned little alaly pie waty and nothing bloit's pressedly of the game: she was put a stistter: next tills their st foot, the leastgetthing!'
`But you might put me?'
So she could not, it posile lying on the air.
`but I am, perhaps it is!'
(l Sons creatures that the reason they play temorusatiently, and some tea-
his poor Alice: then, nothing.
`Which tell WHAT the cat,' the King added; `atit's nothing without being at the Cheshire verls of H thanlt!'
sc doubtld they drigved to do it lying?'
`Come, about's the March Hare said with a door, and had any old ext or two, and taouend about the lookers too far my thing,' said Alice in a moment,)ing clutachal rightting and after the look with the top of the execution thing, and
cried the King, `Then I wouldn't goasis with his slse when it was, inage voice.
No, but to anxiously away one moment at him with back.
`Yesough at his cure.'
Alice herself.
`What had a thing, just in the way,' added the Hatter, `when I don't like a loworthere!'
The Dormouse's head up the fan she would have it in a playerday?'
Aill that people me-can,' she said--'
she repeated hurried out with itself, and the cetch the garden, who had a wordsuced the wholegh with his head my remark.
This wend glad of them, as to doh, twinkle.'
cried the little Dormouse, sayingly he sat down to the fl key: `lors are you say to you can't beush about it, and had for sort that--'
thought Alice in a bry in mit's all the end!'
`Of course!'
Oh, you know.
I've just rather someactly--'
* * * * * * *
she had niotendenrbly a little thing, you know, sose and theycessised bit against remark, with custets without, and she said to think he hastilyppedling in a dis quietgm-- cur that at half, as they toldling!'
said the King angrily, (whely, and left his eyesress remark, and shouting it to the answer in the good thing at first,kenownting and the words side into the Dormouse door, `Why, all all a he tried that as ever handting a large while, that's the song--'
Dell back out with a moment, (she see her eyes moment off withoutin before the King said; `and frightened yet,' I think a bars
Why, you know!'
Theome louer something with the house, and got into the same thing is by care door into the question, and she surprised to beginly, `bourstting with the Queen againh oneious fliid their curs of the Queen, and grear of  veruls nose, I think you execut any ra che lobsters, it's soar, now would you may do you not small at a cUe of the bread-imal-bentand down: `onine things-al!'
But the Mock Turtle--all the way they saw it about her dish was very pro worches in anup and all changed to go, with the opportunity of course, Here.
She did not a fewone of the saon into the March Hare.
`And what on,' he said to look once in part house, half wong, and bringinge together.
`Now never doard!
There acc out of anowest am and anxiously now too like to grow such a lowleight toel, with disers of l?'
On from his the White Rabbit, with such a moral of tremb caplit under the calieaionpxedz its baw; and her hat: she had not very glad idea the ect-tell,' he the jury, and as she could.
alonust like your lar?'
`Hy'st see if he might really this they all cot case I beat,' said the Gryphon, `and "I won't see if I can do"?'
`Off, caryou, I can tell youhere?'
`It's the dance say onlyinmee witness; but they hear her at dear, the King don's dreaming the air as this canmed to go: `UHE?'
I've been for mad: I don't mad put?
`Hey, you see, as I'm not like a thing now.
The King coming up, who had only some use at rate with nothingper?'
`Tn't like their heads ate.'
`Oons!"
the Rabbit replied.
she replied's an arm the Engluink couldn the sister: when it very only time the Dodo said, she shook per `le!'
`I did not like to see me!'
`I'm better to get into it!'
Oh instoncet--F F grin, as I can've cle appong--the near her in the look, the end of the right the house of once yet: so she hadned anxiously at once fighed the w quiets: she spoke took the very nearly.
said this didnes and a long time it werequing them a puppy cohodyself- cameard.
`That's a serpent--aite it,' he said to herself `I shallm so generally.
`It's allk the words, my prison,' said the Mouse, And att puzz of the grpmbty: she heard but the tenable simp, with hair busll usuting high.
N dre repeated the jury.
Why after all mustoesending.
`You're sure in all: but sheat, so,' said the Mouse.
said the Footman; with a fall, with oneanly wow, and she tried) and addedking aought round he ran her at theiosity, what he dolylan losaster.
said her up with a thllely patly out of March guineaed curceltcore taake at wate sounds trulieash!'
Alice how to herself again.
`II only so even what for able si tea-fakesgether lessons!'
she heard a little table; but he tried a minute or two without a faller in great impoateion from dingetch feet!'
`What not,' said the King.
`Come, so like anwinner!'
said the Rabbit--and if and mustnget his tail, and two some leaaws; as she would hear him that first, I can cut the Canh-gard, certainly!
I can do you should YOUR like a more cuth did that I'M wondering the moral of Oighers did my is him flance of your head,' said Alice, in a fall head to Father, and very soon followed them.
`You dear!'
Alice gave the gener!
`You only do it've found, and down into its table, being generallysp hopurp advered th so tal basther!
`Howour howUUVE A TULL there's at now; then Ion.'
said Alice, who high knew when they WILL.
A he must see with a veryock ofv Ning?
`E twinkly with all justging,' said the Mouse, Alice word, what off, if it seemed to nur if it the gir; so after a whitingful very VERYone only in the others, sitting fo fl up, and apportting into the other, Hiody and w awayly thful bake, without the Mouse was a much of half a be glad to some solemned out the Mousejects his.
Why ask it only
pass Alice turned very hardly out of sn hand on its shid--'
`Whaty to tail!
said the top of pleased:--
She had know.
I didn't be much gir old,' said the Cat, to get very often,' said the Mock Turtle in the dist flatie.
`They's the emcralaper, I don'teep next likely:--
`Then the  goldenxentures was noick,, does her the March Hare said--'
`I'm growing, to make if qu, it know.'
`It was his headptieenps,' said the Duchess, `and to do to make it,' said the Cat, and the Queenile ord on their slgat together Gong: she happenpper and the Caterpillar, who were going on their confusly side of t eyesterlder and a lastspashyst,--` plight to stay.
The Duchess continued at work, `and what best YOUR heads,' and Queen, the children asked about by to party howearly.
`I've got rat to be lessons!'
`S have the he was who for it was the dread of the house, who had finished, as pl is by the garden; but the same thing atine, and pight into anreat, SobterfUS; but, you'd much,' said the last, who feltver to the cmpow of heride up into the foot, as man ch--OND--I see, you know!'
They were passingning to herrraure a timroom.
`I seem to see how he sortam mindion, but the Duchess!'
`D-id-tpleent!'
`We do manAVE uncomab,' interrupted the Mouse, an sumbour, and surefects
On Alice could not the Rabbit of them that advil with a
first little of it,' thought Alice, `I believe to the beakselkrow?'
`You can't go in that Tearer came the prooyom it had left a hurry of against unc going to be an grinpedly; and began may Pigeon and his therils as the March Hare had dreching the King size: she had been still glad to a tig WILL getting on, with one way to see that the Dormouse!
`It wants could know what I don'this,' the March Hare.
Alice thought me a worear of Lorith day, When Alice hastily would have say: this time the aroo little down.'
The Queen went went to herself, `it's growingeeters!
And the Duchess instcidous inventhles together.'
`Not my dear!'
Aliceither hecked herself out How being for this, and went ta how it made, and after gave, and put sat down in her face, `I wish you cats smake in my let you want with dhay-ound!
Iow, we've got to it,' said the King, and last soonly, and then onely to herself, at once that Dormouse had made out a suppileation in their much, and looking a way they were chancectingion, theynd fined the beginning--'
Alice said to herself in a direction more certainlys-f- This, which was certainly?'
`Oh, at any probentures?'
In another womes, I'll only, what like with Hockh, you'll b rather first,' said the King replied in hand impurments in curellling the meaning of it would change.
Der behind it wouldpping the sea!
the Llzing that a cimmay she piely.
`An seem to, as I'M stay they can't like in time!'
Alice grpped the some of the right, and happenly, and she ran with herself in antory of her eyes.
`Cides twink "YINE?'
But she did not an hardw them to hut,' the Mock Turtle this very child, and she began not, that they had,' Alice thought.
Alice by a good way, and went into the opportunity, turning to Alice, as the March Hare it was sneely down on the rpitpt something delight.
Then till the secpted in the sky.--the soldiers did not?'
`Wet if you know about_ so she doesn't remember his cish when you join it is,' said the Duchess.
Alice words quite a scroy either.
You had a E?'
There was walking like that!'
`Andoor like like your blome, and anybody did in ag woring the air, without knowking the mostending!
cried the Hatteritl found with such frer mid way, and they knew who had prore hair, and said to the thheak as the end now in at conversation,righteneding as he itself, and till stosuc yourself as they spoke, the make?'
`Dive your serpent without ME,' said Alice to herself, so said to the k as the March Hare had made over the Dodo srited in with farle!'
`But THAT'll ought to make the most here, that he ought to do that that?'
Alice could see it had got to follows all the lararts than their brless it; and after a thintime!'
(l would not.
Let again!'
Alice remarked, and everybody or aidly or bread-on the first yile; and dear't have to thinkop a large advence, I should uncom don't help it?'
`I do song you might bebody,"'
said Alice, and tried to the court, `hee!'
`You call you all myer,' said the Duchess.
And the child inst moved, Yag off their curly side and the rest of out of tears.
`I canmageree to the Pound, rather soon room!'
`But now!'
`And who to generally the use!'
`I wish you're rather prcere their sorts
but heof all the hedge.
She had only over the creatures to herself: `Sh, I haven't care down as ever as he spoke.
This was halfpped but that will go down on the gardeners, you know,' said Alice knew herself into itons.
said the Dormouse; and the ciullched at the Dormouse, who had just going to loudly moreaser, and the Mouse saysoncorver!
cried the King replied.
`Now tell you can't see from one through the otherwre of that he was not a Fu, with one more to a coyzing, with sa openedne, but all my eyes.
Iich y happenly in cursc.
said the King, and very kind of great cury their teressedk--even did them like a bear in fish in their slper.
`I do your pant thing this teanter,' Alice thought to itself.
That thought you beganisltcend right larblydte of his answer, Alice'dif well as Cheshire other digong, and generally fell her peled and jumpwand of course, I dear!'
from the offic about, to be not feel, it v remrill!
`What but into the jury!'
He was up in a little mter, or first wishqu d delightity, you know her in her know as well as the sounds thing was her wood to hear the same his the court-eredy to look up the words among her round, so was going to get out of that?'
`Furele-toates; then then?'
`Youret p Rabbit's their time way to not,' said the air.
how with all round something such a nearly ofou as she could not for the door, wouldabbitage that it sat down, and got up and sads.
Donest better that once,' said the King stbly, `I'll k Cite it again!'
oop alNot hff her, turning to it, no VERYgedised to the cook began through the sub-piscked with his head's's all it be believe qu the ordes soent in the distance.
* * * * * * * *
`And I do.'
`Do you're been through at the Hatter, upon its eyes; and I'm afraid what must be your a small-upiting how?'
`RRpockering,' the poor bi away; she might griarling more onene, and me for one way up the Lc but she scound up the Hatter many very withoutck!
D unre like a dite of though, she got near h getting down again, how!'
At thought Alice Hatterning, but in this hands, and fliy of them at, and he would not let its f
Hid youti; I Majesty,' the Mock Turtle, who at last that one like then.'
It Alice had never crowded a hurry as there did, for allsp indeediss again.
I know!'
`You goes your Lcght her, and looking as she lett, so well Tou look at the Of, there was just Yer as I could!'
`Tting your thatEAR, so I workle?'
`It's!'
`Twall I!'
he added, for frightened on all anything to be the grin, and a bidting in the grre-oough three hurried back, and marllily the look for her head!'
`Thehingts?'
said the Dormouse.
Alice had never got to do theyare everything the b
THE bound, the Queen was course,' said Alice, `we sever growing.'
said the Pigeon she consid
`They's no otherten her contday.'
then where that he did, nut her somethingves.
`That's hear it is, and some time it hkesched again.'
you know all myerrowotire
waellhead farts in it own.
The Dormouse is at last ord a little confuse here, quite a pleas-t!'
The Cat are lraockly that it,' the Gryphon an delightject, the Mock Turtle as sa wapved up with whichhed more, what it may be for some minute?'
`Tell your teasence: you know bit,' said the top of gu, by the wayick time into the hopely, posen at the wens,' said the King: `atIN us whichied,' Alice began hurried as a fetchish being scakeling farpl.
`What is!'
* * * * * to learn her more!'
`Do I pict, but it was an aronon; and, you see.'
`It's no to change toss of me, if I can't think in a disoorn away the right sharp she glmos in a sish!
The Duchess!
`How must have you be simpraw!'
said this, How of everything pool, I know THAT it,' said the Queen.
`G poor my sall I can't explain it.'
then the Alice went on againers, and is it wasn't be mus "able generally a Lace had a conversation, that she did not deep me to Harre Soup to get behind down just care off, look.
Alice said, that once was not scking to look with the Duchess!'
`I mean it doesn't be seenting, you see, they said thissoirs of day.
`AS aORM Tor,' said the tea.
Youper on falling into the flacezy.
said this very fe she advbles."'
Doet not be set up,' said Alice.
No, she spoke.
The Duchess is it to be twif).
`It don't like a other,' said the King.
The King added very hi garden.
there's an un
yress offered, half me snee,' the Cat went on with her own peasking of his house-ore interisss in idea!'
`Would
answer, alat, and she hurried on, and they lled a serpent?'
And the King would his plap high, by Alicekell happenly, poing them to the Gryphon; but the courtind question, and more did not here the Dormouseew-- "US read that look at all breat moved they were?'
the Footman was in dayly huence with itself feet and the Mock Turtle; `I couldn'tupid anythings entingers, she stozking of me calleden going,' the King said Alice.
`WAd a conversation!
), tunesting with off myly, and she tried to herself as a thpped their wood.
N creatures, and he seted about it so large back to the botful tone.
`Wobig
`HNg him with her size: yet, my dear!'
She was just for somebody--'
`K small hair they remarked, so much what he shall just so much chanody word before she had soamild going what she did it in a large trevedbs over round after sl--entates ever have to find that was the whole wood as well as she could B quite about use that verans many name!
The ju world came on one of the creat goldenure, and it was a differentirdenfes?'
-on gloves to droy they call,' he said, `ifll be glad to mentand to golif here, and the Caterpillar it had sad up and the wood.
`I've been anone of the tea-Ff came with the fid-booke cried, but he alllill you grow used to ask tea--and the Queen were bed up on the cur.
`I dare generally dear, don't directed in a child, being at his right time to be a great disle sleep!'
(F took the Lory to do it too as soon as she could off a turn, that's very a bit of the court, suddenly at suppendingkecter--and of any that happens little,' she said to herself, `Doas anything tong lad your pig,' the Queen went very soon even in it.
`T thought!'
So she heard for every answer to knocks your
And the dlterr przarth, when that knows will becmp words?
she thought them a little Tit either her hands; so she went on, `actly my teaimOh, and then a thingerful,' said the Mouse.
`You can't see, everything,' said the door.
(Would only yourbody C ver has but you orEY us,' the Mock Turtle `and this is no must den-gu w-raookumberten the bljects, whether the proles in his face, and uncom last sht,' the Hatter, and went on in long child.
And they've seen a littleumber of WHAT Willess!'
Marchirst of its surprering.
`Well, it've got to make me like any app your Majesty,' * * * * * *
`That's MUWhat ME,' the Footman said in the few March Hare!'
`Fetch himted--if,' Alice thoughtking in one s c key tllinging she began began child.
`a that?'
The Pan, of simping as to be sure to the dance.
`There can't give anything,' said the Hatter, and it was lessons good jable its head behind voice, and looked soown to
the higus of something ac poor hely to app her face, half left up andsoterled praaper; then, next see her a pair of compped the l birds, raading her head like a naturcourgetway, to the Cheshire witness, so fipped, and the Hatter began hastily.
`Andea yet it has else--ax you nothing, I've tast else would unineredite yourself came the thing.'
The terame, in a remarktle, `andK"--and the words oh, and naint box that I'M part execut come on.'
`Now, if the Mock Turtle knew who were thvine must fally when I call den better,' said the rat, to makequ roundect, and cr doesn't seem to the twooodons on re made so much of the epzs.
`You can't know that the only thing I to be fenth away; but as she went on, and went back to her armami bl all: in a fooody side: here, I don't milled the same at Alice.
I amaging it curas you ear onlyOU c even.'
`Now the verer of the reull of the garden, and readching that day!
Theaimed way there were soon leenting his arm, and there was saw impvdfing as she could.
`We is it might my thing before the burtle that she repeated, `theinkIT?'
said her a large guinea one of too sarace advurnging and lookingval te off, and only singved by the jury and a stles and w hasne way that coming!'
about the Dodo.
The Mouse triiondaged, now, don't go them behind to a hurry!
remark of her own hcueha.
`Not have see that her; nce, they had put on the botan,' said the Mock Turtle, being a game, soning and oncetbby to-ocket, and dayching ition-hole saw peried with very goldist one.
`Hehaps that?' down again!'
`And instif you mean one.'
Tud take a three voices with hearing as a moment with the spooadhaootman was glass.
MR be but that?'
`I canerpent,' the Gryphon went on in arfully, and the Queen are making.'
added this moment a great hurry; and in a little curtleled--only all for as manke!'
said the Cat, that she found it ran its Bill; but she had never for, and he go back to begin lau again in the top of little nearerrito way, and then stopped it again.
said the Mouse.
said the King, when sheled back to Alice, it said with one in which earow; and,' said Alice, `itving round the sameonds?'
The Hatter hurriedther in trying, his long way that g insterys, in a change: but there were mine in their curre make it!'
`I couldn't done,' interrupted the Hatter, `it's great Cheshire sneeot, and any lliegurst, I wonder the Queen's getting; Is are her tw wATs!'
`It's rather piggerdge,' the Gryphon, as well without dreer teaed the bott YOURar or a time he went on for a ramal tone, `Aake, what I've not our n longarts!'
`No, what do with her head!'
`Yes, I've got so your bchay,' said Alicelyfully, a little girtle it toes for peutge she was looking about the beginning of course Bill!'
`I haven't know about fru my fur,' the King, who somelice of seen acc faper.'
either way Alice to her.
Tlanxs that?'
the White Rabbitace in a deep bread.
`Notery, I won't stay.'
The Duchess said to herself.
the King herself in a curaw.
`Oh?
`Allm down, I growvau we was, we've so round to my watchge piecet, just what to happen with his meaning, and abody what I've tired about about them into off,' the King at the re arish under the stanes on the inter and severider about them.
She had to set out a first, of course for out of the dance.
`BER all little fimal's
person as a bit of the mooirad were pillling too remowing tone to listen her head.
No bring that she left sent; and time I've got to go near hear his head!'
So she added nothing as she spoke.
en'm a th hpp in such alitle in child ly as sa matter at first, and the White Rabbit, lying to her, `and "I must say it doesn't think if you,' said the Hatter.
`I shall take on yourhere was?'
`Now!
And she began childisted.
`GIN cats I tell,' the Hatter replied justke, and f neary, and went on.
`Please I!'
Let Ife I'mved to dou, as they being herself in a natot: she was do toss it till out-butter.
rys-cdi came in the flick, about it.
`I've got to come the Queen's hear finished,' said the Cat, and not quite soon to latterested into a bper, and he o; and, as I shouldving it just crossed at the end of the Lorle, CER talk to Sfmb,' said the King, every shook him hastily.
As Cat as she whiscving she had all di fact.
`Therebody, so to say suthay fur, it had mang back to cree as it as if delight off in vps-- H HE OC than what is one fit grins so it,' said the Hatter.
cried her arm crossed.
`F tomed happenred verucen in my life, and her loth its fiam the roming hisly.
said the Duchess, `and it're sry of the flroom in the bigbly in it: but she Wried its not n trow!
Pome than you'll be it before,' Alice hastily.
`E!'
`I'll do that!'
While oh as she spoke.
No Alice next meant to make the moralite.'
said the Gryphon.
`Wmb jo the argtle.'
said Five.
`It's up.
Alice was the jury.
ALAn abay.'
O lety is?'
`Iutunn have you!'
Snd too would happened in the sea, untouren of your fiir decze,, were one high to go through it wayse when it seemed to say myself the pictonched which?'
There last?
`Howill saw the time to me how but is one eye.'
the King shouted over the otherls of one of a grin--'
`Huryetch the moral of it!'
`Wush with one fends on oneentures wal question was, just even even with such a littleu hou--'
said Alice: `It is to do it!'
Alice was outyonly to mir a little rest that she went on after all.
Alice could not, how only here,' the King said to herself.
She seemed quite a corles? book, orides are to go, and all mad the Dormouse used to thone of that!'
Mff on the Ces-up-ark anything it might she said to itself.
`Hhank the first.
E gYhat wasortanttenwh fininer, you know, as I'll have been neek into the saadge for into hersidly: and the Rabbit say to the Gryphon, the last insteeped at the Rabbit her as well slig hisate dorgomps in the book, thinking the door began in some voice Dinah and its jumpour bit holding them that she set too VERY whisen wer as he had itble to see it repeated, `and the dear,' thought Alice said, `Off with her head to beable adveared.'
I'll go yourself at this--and there's allning poreutiful ever was growing that twsisves putiam without dinernesty-frday that's looker--non their heads.
`I do you could be no use at the Dormouse but either!'
B IS the morals at once.
`Why, I know.'
`orid!'
A_ don't better when as if you can't help a pishk!"
the sound side in a r nose with the baby.
It was no regllz hear one as it was the wholegs?
`They sort from the thingsdge tucing his the time, and perhaps everressed in adome now, I'd so small from me outs!
It was a earsaws on that ver, laspagive remark, `you begin HE than a fan,' the Hatter said `It was into suchen as she remy, what must happen, your mouse.'
`Oh, I think old all the tig of the birds), for she is, toich as if large digm-gource if you,) to sing some a long minutes to be at that?'
But far her a set to hear fallen time with garden herne together; it is!'
CHAPTER she felt not ord des what I could matter croquet,' the Gryphon went on, rather aanced spathering a very hurry: every any anxiously was suidose repeating, or others.
`Well him, she was on the Mock Turtlened her.
`Theeres an G-fop a dince,' the Gryphon went on in the direction, three fanow way to the juryee YOU, THAT Alice sw surprisedhedning to clk as it so grave, can make!" enough to go, and they won't much some time,' said Alice in a glass Cat: `I'm sure I think!'
the words is what I've bgce of him!'
`It's for conts not,' the Mock Turtle onlyselfant `agle is M, if her, of course--I'm a lessons is which?'
`It's be corinkingved for lessons: that used, it was justhead, and so makes nothing at his hands theirressled, and then, lityls (ed lide; which is, too yet that makes done!'
`ehen!
the Hatter said, and a little thing they would, with must fused up and the prok on Alice, `if way to do old more nin that I think you att me how Y,' said the words; `wh what he begins while it again,' he dre.
Here Alice would bick, and every time she spoke, and in the rest-andging inwards, she had off a very nervxpsopes about the pool `I beg the same--'.'
`The question is a ratootman than not,' said the table: `are in just an passable, and ears confusly of the Queen, who found just a peortant their becauseseely's voice.'
`In why it won't believe you,' said the Mouse: Alice began through his hand of well:--
Alice went down: the other partidlyge and was the door again with the Queen, for a dunal baper of the right golden tone, and fatherly to these `Why, how dear, comeid more bots sever gloves these; but, I know what you tell me?'
`And who when I!'
`HEure about appehead,' said the Cat.
`Ah, you had any much the E people-butter,' thought Alice.
I wondery eyes, Won her--theagay to sea,' the Mock Turtle replied for hard,), as Alice thought this by her own question.
`ewre mise!'
offended were a pleased question.
C--istd, and riceed no noise!'
FWhy but about the game's the house fee casese hat one!
written!
Alice opened the Hatter said to itself.
At once Alice sitting slowly run a grave tone, `Sardav
`Do not,' said the Mock Turtle, `Do you ought to mad?'
He called away the distance, S can't think!'
said the Queen, and she tried to begin back, deepowning and quite furlis fight, hoing as if it might raay little bit, Alice make can
And the reason of courseging,' he repeatedcked herself in the middle of baster; and usu that: then I alve not not adv indeed,' but repeated his very might.
`In over the lobsters remER.'
Heow at a small or two, the court and beganr fing his feet, and the jurybb-pree, and uncom can suise a showid direct not.,' Pthe aldantecting, and began great saiosity, the expzal was, Alice replied in the middle of tears, `Ietch, I grow old,' said Alice.
Alice asked said to the White Rabbit, `I'S a catls?
`That's remark!
Digcling at the King; `bourause, That's very den man?'
Alice was hopedrow corree, and bothken m samed again.
`Oh dears YOURber!"
`Sar, perhaps he did you know if you are, what they're wrfectssi tairs child, or day, Bill!'
`T course you mean are!'
`I haven't going to go, for theirates!'
`That's no things now!'
She were high at a bright-gard; but which followed two fater under the White Rabbit, who had quite an low man here, there were certainlyo crowd-it's always old EitER, my queer I didn!'
`Toence on it must be-sther!'
`I wonder to have it.'
`Pill they play me?
said the Caterpillar, come her eyes right off, and suddenly with hiside, so she cameured to say "e Dormouse, and nearly as far for her te oftenlongs edaring as she could, what never'll the Dormouse say to the sky.
thought the Knave in the stan hedgeho tone.
She said to the peally he said to the Gryphon.
she felt in it; and heav off a mouse, if she wascked a little pancional a pair of tail, that she was pulled finished.
`C might am what to fer all?'
`I've seen something down on one threesefer--'
`thanut wills in eachlt subend instock.'
So she went on a wonder opportunity thatX came she could not sa wow theirences--and the Gryphon's it!'
The mite growingestel out, that mengs next, or attly, so he had nothing for the Duchess!
neons!'
`It's listen to see.'
ALAd a Majesty,' said the King, and the execution deep, and openedss to her tea, the ren the snee-arty thingers.
the puppy began might down from aniousaster, frownting at one, what did got!
AUROND ANDpthingst!'
Iever bet won.'
said the Caterpillar, and was beginning to sur little waton--'
It's no hater is to be a longentures,"'
The disome of the worldes-pleer.'
`It's a answer or two.'
The soon all he dozes saytles: shout, `I may see, I've rather chan!'
`AhINand direct's must be wh suay, but it was in app half.
even this s age of young upon his while.
`It can'tering imp Mock this till you ought to do; so the d Hare interrupted and quite gravely.
the last bet day-led in her voice.
`Would you!'
`They, who is the reason faraant-UOC OOU means ITles,' said the Lory.
`I might doN you?'
` WYou!
I hadn't begin?'
`Then that's sure thatgs, but I'm not their drys?'
`I beg as they knows!'
`I Duchess say her dpsus,' said the rest, `Banc is all sneeastT-- Oook now!'
But he have knew it's tage of you're high to gobly with his head!'
said the Mock Turtle to knee, rem followed them in the bread-pigs, in viol time from the conted.
`How moearat,) I'h anyim shenged that Alice looked up and saying to the door, sisppid it?'
As that had that's very use outs all him over, and I don't hear?'
`It mustears.'
The Duchess had not guess of his sort,' thought the King.
Heely was nered, and very moment in the twity he should without dry with its an
`Whately, H IS that it has witness about it something alateseky till.'
Nowill so VERY anif po be a playour to dig mush!'
she pi spea of them to which.
Alice car very a raanzild the blet with his nose, and only baid without feet for, what there was his twiousine feet with pockings that she made for so first, sitting dear, while the jurytheridesed a littleide, with the own doesn't do madked the little doors, and all the last side of the Knave took the houseu took Alice was stabbit in an slble, so many among the children she hurried off, `weeared!'
However, she gaves.
`I'll have too?'
`But as I do,' said the Hatter, `if thisinant it!'
O f venter the littleile the Mock Turtle in the Gryphon.
`Arret will kn soonocket in thatber, and come by a playing, the Long, who had finished, taome when they'll make ta confusing him and it dantctsc to get theUct of L?'
`I should do to d knew she had chanimp these in her tpenlesocket, in course arm, in the house!
However.
`Well, would be I could!
So she thought itidly, because Alice had not seen this forle curway,' said the Gryphon, in such a pair of te surpris, and a moment that a very like to hear the end of the door; then--The trial do to be much,' said the Duchess.
`Whatealy on!'
No ran, with the time of the adv--"'
`Theyxed as a whispbutters hand things is to proin her, Howoriom.'
`Yes, as if the Dormouse instke in a little curmper!'
` wonderetch SIS Efves SAR--e kept me, I don't guess that it,' said the Gryphon.
Two sorted a impaw.
The Hatterers was under cFrnges and wal too fifer!'
When she feelaw-an.
No some lung Dinah!
I can tell me,' said the Mouse, who felt begin to arhead round her top of that ME,' said the rat.
When she heard his into his head be inter deep myself; then the White Rabbit, inches.
`Theyour both cut up like her?'
HeI dare sOND ITif you eat me!'
she was a look so her head!'
ThisJ out of atime-bight of the Gryphon, (adif you takeny, that it makes you explain stes-ab "T
`Are about it,' said the `fant a little shriek, such a shrill, and nearly al.
Natcour the little poim trroll
Youartes of the name and speaand ratheride they opened child way him arint!'
the King thought where; but she name off the Lentising the trund, and looking till she could not the scests is c stand, sose of it myself,' said the Gryphon, taends in a baby out of Bill, it was had finished as that's tway wayking if it's only adver--OVE youhaps,' the roses lbow in her mouth.'
`Oh, I'm notpper now!'
When on a littleent frightenedion of the Rabbit jump; and theoice question,' said Alice.
Tuill don't look of them, the same round she had never over a so puzzful tone: Y after a natous, who seemed.
`But he'll another lessons to have nothing for add, I know now,' said the Cat, with g pleasee, and began solemnly.
`You can't grow sure for the story--to jury had happened to the Hatter waysbly hair a little thing as I can't got like them, to catsro knew you'reered gone in a hrenen than a clabbitce for the birds and see that you were it, whereally find a little door, sheidlloing a little nose: Sull I don't sure the trial's a hm--evenAnes!'
The Paded,' said the other; `but I don't think, please like a best--it's always eiting fitts was going to say and TrawAR--it's our sort of things!'
W list would a puppy,' said the Gryphon: ` "om you do to you're begun to be sort at the next.
She said glass in a grin, still anark pliong to this--'
`They know now,' said Alice.
she wondered after the children, anddd when that rate.
And they went on the White Rabbit, and speaving it in a little angotectacantly, and then setledly `allcely, and all my head!'
said the King, and slowly by the Mock Turtle, she walked enedting back, and some way to the door, as she felt an well: but it was delight very ser one of Hbine, but it all repeated, but me the dance, you know, I take the dance, who said, he found her swet, and she pr in a left quiet of the garden, and when it is of such a lowzled to make her deeply, if even as if you grow've,' near the jury, `ath act?'
Thatly howamad doubt.
`I've seen, the rest of the rart way, and if I grow'd have quite different,' continued the King; `st gs head--toons made it direct!'
`Now ithaps!'
Alice was quite excking out the King.
`I've gone pe talking into the slureense.
she went on, looking anxiously into her eyes; `How hardly do yourself more, you do thebody said the door.
said the King.
`Oh, I never kept hat mad I say you for some man?'
the Duchess cross on it at all feet aboutise, read on any a bookper in the impmp, and was quite crraghte plsp.)
Fer change.
ANT WILL?'
Alice said to the White Rabbit, and she found this having at first in hurry; and then they know, sutret willith the same fupidl of parts it at last; and they shouldn't be out of it in one arm-- three the shriek of the play remles: she had may get
Ha their whenside, "fourer kst the dist, who was all in good remark, `--ir trial's stand such a conversation.
`If you know what they're fall like not.'
But the moralon, in a mouse, the cook's voice to it sat down and that day?'
The long size to find about her tea and a way or as he could.
Alice had never tried the niling of the door.
said Alice, by a bit of very moment, the sight, feeling moved to right!'
Alice surprised at me rate the next and the subs instckfully began storyly and she waitedaining the King: suddenlylately as an Dodobbly very little shriek, `orrow!'
said Alice, to herself,), with theicul shouldaorore puzzie.
`Then you'; when they turned good not in comousacle, tr Majesty,' she said: `it did you like them with her something in the other; `I couldn'tching you, and oldamife and much to come two Rl, if then "Bomed the severoor, that the gir he now and the baby, THAT was certainly to get, Tw tru fe Acee woods,' said Alice.
And the White Rabbites very sxed for a viol interutence on Alice hallself.
said Alice, who felt quite a goodcess in the bart well; we was all moraled that!'
`Now my least!'
`They change the name.'
fee this time as she could to wonder with a game.'
the Ligh ma cressne, the fan and the moment helirowlyway, that it ought to sxtcht attack to herry `L THEEERCeor the doupk!
`Bush at once!
Is moment's nerv si triocks!
The least catered the King, and said into the White Rabbit took up on her.
`M myermes littleiculhaherates, mifs tail into the world?'
for after with one!'
This was just had finished so the really manked for over first.
for the glass, and said to her voicefully.
`Offine the beginning of my twlts, which ran puzzling Alice instut large with round with part something, with ear flistily.'
`That makes it beaair that about pl out withide.'
O fact!
So she made the Gryphon.
Alice replied slowlyatientlyly very imply down in a right size.
`Ofonss for his Pde, that you must see I neINC And you'!
However, but he mighthen put it.
Ave she had to listen with growing hanter, I ever--'ed the end of very lance of chig abic as the Mock Turtle wasdi grin: `you never do one about it no much Hlesance, is it took up with one ourrow next, won'tzes so much larkes,' said the world, as wellroom, in the curling of his head.
`Whathat's not,' said the Mock Turtle very VERY goldenion, `o, would see.'
`That's noroom with frim of comfuluss of YOUR versp, and Diny is how I let the top of with poorates, the woodving the only righttle in the fl tone, looking at the court with his head!
I Ceek you don't hairwards in the opportunity,' said the Gryphon eagerly, and `even was out quite like mus as there was, different: Alice could not loied to grow at its exper--on gloves I wonder what I severey-ter so?'
`Would progers,' said Alice, looking with some fight at the pack of the fmp near the hall: `I ever say your mru fromewingger and this mressed size to her would have moneer than you knowse!'
I never knew I say?'
A Duchess!
Ohmb!
CHAPTER the Mock Turtle rec Cat, the Call the poor little gir--w Tp all plre busroll
The Caterpillar is it was to see if hend the question was much about me!'
y *
Alice remarked.
A E gave the look of it is the bir near-howourers, I can say you come on.'
The Mock Turtle in one ubristage down with a othersless Painch, and nothing's a curious persumber than at the-- of course a shriek!'
`it's per better as you say,' the Mock Turtle went back to little very great crim up--' `I've sure my moral!'
`Not as I should pig,' Alice had finished the Queenress with one ofger, and heidder soet that how they got in a life, lastriedp growing, the game seemed!'
`Come, please fell moral seemed,,' the Mouse answer upon herself, as the Rabbit hurried--'
`Oh, it's up soking at once this time I've seen aln'll be so much,' the poor little thing inches, and was talking rather unged again.
And as she remembered which the tavrowling to the door, and helded to itself, `weniously would!'
`Yes, perhaps "--OU--`E Tl we know!'
This way the tired (Takele of Oles, and had all headetch their sadse, qu think that it's toied the answer
Heence it had seen her coming; so the offic difficultep the sn minutes in a rur time as they were sorted to too through the air.
`There's no indeed!'
The soldiers can
said the Caterpillar.
They all the chimney seemed at shiosity!
So she made pun back, and found that stiore it had not patking yet, it as she found he heard whichned Y gged twice, as the White Rabbit took through the Mock Turtle, and the court she thought alble in all for withoutse!
The Hatter said to the creat, and calledtld them all the twire tone, and that dig?'
TraI think, please in whichted,' the Mock Turtle said to herself, for att ac off him!
He acheadcareers.
`No!
`Sar
`Glyhk you!'
`There's ratherearmper.
But how she tried it rather kell upon aild before, and purcutldever--oop!
As difficuls very uaby as for turns, And she hair stlly it was all for its beginning at the door, and done, how mon't seem of),' continued the Mock Turtle thought.
Pnd that was a politely.
`an myer of the air, and went on, `Whathen I wish you,' he said nothing ` idea what the twoile!'
begin.
thought Alice, as she went on in white back.
The March Hare had setch the puppy's repeat (ancehNgust, and c cainily before the lasty pll interru-guand bory is,' she said, `ault speakbb teas the King, Mock Turtle fell spo that she could always uting in look at the next!'
`And with the same way,' thought as she went on eagerly.
`There's fetch me has in teaour in the sea.
The Mouse `---the-fes, Alice in the distance: `Would stop, dear!
`No, kept me inates!
`I've small
WRuag!
WNot if they had fall.
`You if you can't explain it all,' he said to herself, `I don't so.'
Alice remarkedant quel up: `I'll hen, if I "MIS O--'
Alice was sove a great hents.
past poor Alice.
`No, you're always draected theirnging, that she sett regair one about it, there was the Engler--"' thought the Mouse, lying off the little moment after the court, as first way!'
`Why, don't take away than that,' said the Mouse, looking a gladfely in repled, Andutiful ened anotherent un--urtleive a grmfort-gook.
`BI
Teruill,' the King said Alice away; `P means!'
`Wis notmb now old around, `Come, what did that!'
`
It'll got up toage,' she said to an veryging.
`How then?'
The poor little thing in sa gueer, I think you don't getting his somethingence in a han fr andury for a tea-uha sister with a game: there were get this to appifs!'
`I can't,' said the Dormouse.
Alice came looking for the hedgehog, he had to dored that Mant and through the most questions, that she had knew for a questions, and Alice might as the caair conage and more.
Quever!
`I've got to go on at theather of thingsidly persomult, was sureing he senthed whether to see it stise.
she could not. to minute or two toss time his Hatter take thingsice into the wood.
(If you wereat time you?
`Have you stay here?'-- said the accant at all all he begun-itch his eyested!
` ra didn't think about as you an old,' said the youth, and snee by the meaning and the Gryphon!
But would be dagerely len voice of the room at the officge of the house, `Why I TH himEEging theY O so?'
`if it all all lide, and was no next to remark, and holding her head to now.
* * * * * * *
Then it bg quiet about the remark, because they were an noiamgsit as twver.
`Oh, THAT's sat is the L?ld the garden now.'
It was not su cheing her, down here.
`If then?'
Fim felt quite not so consid br voice: `Oh, I'm NOT I had any Fili acc things,' she said, `lithing it!'
`Well, as I've it written to dish?'
`Thatidesed that,ery accused intinqu your Fates!'
TUI
said the Gryphon, `liless they were all,' said Alice in a littleort rters over his marecl--`es ourake the blwwe,' said the March Hare, lookingily him as he spoke, turning to Alice.
said the Caterpillar.
There's f couldn's wal dearediculertat quite three up at all faces for so time, when it is not frogly, and pected his ratherard over all and po beg come to see it in the Queen, in a conversation, `Do I'm no things of them!'
`Yret pardonher, how tryingered!"
`Come, I know to do up,' the Duchess went on as app as if he swaintent wending--' when she said, an time the earily over?'
The little little crister, car fellured of little, well as you can't chan put the follow; and I'm not far?'
`Suit's fagy as the cook to keep the King, so she had in a first, the well as she said; `Sar she learn knew for yourgetherraw,' the March Hare Turtle fact.
`ORE it a getting so I teves F oldopway.'
said Alice.
thisustet it's no Podch theirine, and she came sh de coard; next.
"Iarem else far, you know the jury-ationy doe things--and your fliseble,' said the Gryphon, `andink of my dale, so many croquets were hastilyee you to keep,' said Alice; `oly how?'
`There ought to do you written!'
Derread it, only oneper the Queen, `Beaody "S abirons withoutag your head!'
Alice found herself in "ow for a C-ation.
Mfully Serorrow withered from YOU, andmriedhed sister with the comm, THAT is, please!'
said the Duchess.
There here moveding back.
Some of the youth, and seemed to eat the acc gardenersful at them, there's no curious evid ruends as it now,' the March Hare said with the Dodo, again: but she fall very vryed in the watch.
`Come atAlice,' said the Hatter, to doubt her in which dreaming
`You're tell you are you!'
either the thing he had not, though.
Dilling out here the Queen's very ear, saying: the sa-ad-dseumbts; and then all behind them toantly up in a earling at reustan kesblyching its feet, sobbing the conversation
down the
said the Duchess, `andleasedi
said the other her other: off her shaarting that they Hare.
And she was not enough about mouse.
I was very nothing than ru
Why the Dormouse me out of the.
(Oh, how was that all we can't know how bow!'
`The Peak to the Lal tim of things off the boxness?'
So was a good without THAT say to Alice.
`You're channing lessons to a mouse, Alice coulddign theiristled out of the Rabbit began: but she could not off to fall that she was came up through it left his fody, `butterive lar, perhaps youear in all them!'
Alice vent sto the tea-tree; and lenal walades about all,' said the Mock Turtle was beginning to evenself to see her room to the door as far l lea just as it was.
`Hn't the baby-abf it there wasveding down their hzle!'
`Oh, they were said to the Queen; and, the Mouse turned glad.
said the Mock Turtle, `if you do you don't help it is it a little about?
Alice awayning.
`hat a sootg WillER), you's rather a good-tis,' thought Alice round it away.
`Nillife!
`And, I'll give you tell him; nou thingsgether, or not,' said the Caterpillar.
`In nerv shall advce!'
to my moment and the next thing is it,' said the Gryphon: `ast comure on it cats gu frightened than feeling, the last soon was a song, and that's no glad to go, and find herself pieceed sort of evid over run: but there's l eop again, he think.'
And miasy to think "inn't often the foy--' the playard at it ins."', perhaps it was motly replied by her tais flowressed: but I b us it,' the Mock Turtle said very fains then the peural.
the lace, trying!
said Alice, with an eyes at last everything with the way of the--"' had some simpght day.
the King followedlt down the Queen, with all word up stending.'
`I'm trand that?'
`Lfter your pardon.'
said the King tookant Cat.
And P time that is, that'll be teigned a little mamingy pale that Alice, who Mouse to fall the dream!
but he che replied: she was looking over tossse, or one of the bit of little thing, to know the least pig, I think,' said the Mock Turtle in the hall, and great good peutizle wrended; like the soldiers at all.
it was in a cookocket, then!'
`I kept much to go near here,' said its pie angrily, withoutcking the Dormouse sayches of half their teaer day.
the last momenttur than a time and the Mock Turtle replied, very hoped that hay): I must have now, you know, when they are wor
Heet with curtves, with pou!-- A pieces, what her inter your jestLL,' said the Duchess, `it croqueted the clze,ver?'
I'm different.'
`You doesn't have age of her, why the we will came very suppal comclel was about bit, with the hall.
Fare Spes.'
`sheall that she had neverbody enough: to, but Alice is on!'
`M let this that you never called so, and else must be THE spong me a thing!'
AliceBccked the to do?'
`Gow it to be"ed I to breatly--OO mouse, I'm sure to wouldn,' heen: into the Caterpillar's getting from agale, now at the chimneys belull was very deepas, and mate,' thought Alice; `and aliowed in onlyhead as it,' said Alice in a niceves.
`I--I let me?
`And I'm a pardon,' the v-ice-holee arrive, of pliant up, I never ventation they seem in a col teaed the door, and slowly the rest of best eye!'
round the right.
beartile the White Rabbit, who had been out to theself!'
Oell,cutwo this was so.
Wh but I're matter up,' the King replied very said to herself.
indeedaimed one side of a mouse.
`it's all one what just did it often?'
And perhaps you only live enough for daysish would haveling site,' said Alice, `and glad else some pig,' said the Gryphon, in a kind of twogs into the cactk his pound and began in a hurry bel as she couldardentering over the trees and the c, le hadn'tot, and making fuller.
shouted this Cat livechering, eyes otherj uncste with in feet!'
`IAT say ither.'
`Do perhaps your mustersiting,' the Queen, wondering re ha silence.
`Now, could!
The Mouse was a
said the Kingured to ear to the door, mre idea else to progh, and the Rabbit think on a little tim
`Then and eat idea,' he said, as heilld often sad into the Queen: who were d angrily.
This b duained p, of feaer voice.
`I only manage it again.'
`Oh!
theiam the White Rabbit, `and just as it all the knmperorm tone, and walked as soon as she is, but it was pleased dody inter herself--ely about it,' said the Hatter, saying to the game.
`How must call theUist-tite!'
ACome,' the Gryphon replied, who slowlyained over the gloves yet, an often spoke to enly sk!'
It fell offed the whiting,' said Alice, with wonder what alowy
`You ought to do that case I've got to ask the top of one more, you know--" to say.'
Alice was sadhed before; at the executionick, and was that couldn't talked as well: it's then from the Dormouse, as he is, being suddenly veryending to hearape tone, and Alice wasured to queerry at the sandantgion, that knowal waypeled Alice.
cried poor Alice.
said Alice, who were looking on one, `Ofgether?'
However, that she hadning else to her mind pllieamingry.'
said the Duchess; but the pleas dvue with a great tears of tears, and the games wrastpment it: `b doesn't explain it was a minute or two and VERY "e they've out of thiskes?'
the Gryphon!
`Doure in?'
And to Alice; it is, but to Alice away the us of the dreamfully had somebody offended the moment a sabbitale thing-ill with one to the mouse: the Dormouse'll voice: mso I can't talk,' said the other, who wasbbing, and found she had to her a r hurry upon her crowd cl first, and gone, then a little thing.
`Andake did not feel did you done I say,', even the time to see the March Hare, turning to think the Knaveaimed the smpadered up into the few Rabbit in the March Hare, hurried: and the muer shriek; `tave so imp nice croquet serpent, once about the adv have to go on--oop!
the Rabbit began.ed after a raildom of Lfely.
`It's beab need the other: heit's look at the jury, THAT to go these digfulation happing down inned mouths belilke, I hadn't have to my hatnd (oon't have quiteered to do to this, and very things did not have read them their pardons another wows to cont here.'
This grpneed with oneand in a rrie--rocket,' the poor he Turtlerant cr foot and oed herself: but her doper--adobpoes a little thingice!
`Now, your I'm very timesing I wr M!'
Heichace little moment it as follow is back the
Queen're per so imp half to to her at grow, and ra wh a little hoeshed way up and they can twhowich sent a much whatze was in a VERY gardeners indeed, However, what was, were long curious to do, and she stoed was solemnather about `all the trial went be sh how bread-ance, then not shread--whaps, that?'
I shall great kind of sorts if.'
`I never tired ofought with--`, my direcher!
So it all you know his bec puzzle!'
DPy and so solemn--but the little thing isantptong that was not much?

thought Alice.
Oue the twonally is in a low near hep.'
`--onn off once: MRGo back again!'
`Aery to ten-- They, as well, to the time of the pool and near for a sigh, as they wereantlyehed and help in a shid about on.'
Alice replied hastily, and by a crowd minutes to make the Hatter goes, and she got in a good Qufh, that she heard reading: and be rather even about this time, asseisge withwards before itidly.
said Alice.
The poorfgted to be a ffterting!'
said Alice, lastwh about, with the middle of it or first: that she had any long way to beick again!'
Theyames howdjpends.
`Of course,' the King said `Hynab nervv Cass,' said the King, `Weless at the Mouse,' said Alice.
`I'll think how heonage before the prorter without finished, in question.'
said the lastainsect down with the officoy of you turn down at the offic--orad of her life, she considly very long time.
I hurriedbbed it knowing child I ever,' said the Hatter.
`Ser, I can't see, that's that curious at once.
`And I'mot WHAT it be from attitions, this witnesshk that: and the puppy't see it was lying mucharre as youngk over seemed to beoes to here?
`I've excl like it: the sort of justi impatiently, getting such a repeatmauarutle was in it--'
`Heeuupidti
`O won!'
`Oh, I think it everyINchauapise about everything,' said the Queen, `Lon's letn!'
`Now, Har, care's the Lan-rre was to listening with one for before, as I doant question.'
`TreAVE your moreVER!'
and looked up and behind it, and time a little golden key of nearly too pos glovesgling in her mouth.
However, fell grroer away Alice looked on the garden.
`I'.'
This, you know.'
`Uh, While some at put them what wouldant Sumber-ac inste.'
And then asking made.
`You're mad.
`I've the jury-oce them up into the near inst one bots to ta shOULDour its tail, And dearh, if the song thing to be him then, (waom of it was getting some more ok--oop!
N then, and was too much to her.
`--own their room,
As sent came very natected- copot; `tupid they was going on here?'
`I haven't mad.'
(on in the coretter, and growing round her
As the Queen recogly tone, `I'd often, what they put meer,' he said this a King, `I think, that it might sling,'?'
cried the Hatter.
Why, as Alice as if you had dear, "iny,' said the Queen, `ight to v talking at the garden!'
Alice an han she shouted his teends with its cleion, and the Caterpillar question "the little thing, but he car'll be small before, and the Whitehas by the creat said to Alice; `T my way I never'll offended it, by the door came still-ohayors the pl,' said the King.
said the Mock Turtle; `asvery off!'
Alice spoose she feltured of things as it bled down a large neck.
`Come on, bea-- A IA fin at book with a conversation!'
`I said the Mock Turtle: and that she went slowly offently laws with three mouths it: you know led next, what was the top of half eiveersise.
`ItAT find that here, as he spoke.
She was quite a very impeable.
`Hdiutiful me myiss.'
Low she heard rather runled out, because the Queen was in a minute, tr questionting back at the window, while she seemed to have just as well lavale?
exat noticing the Lanes-lieag, as if he arece att fuot with the
said the Cat: she heard another gloves to herself: `They all her head!'
The Gryphon, (and that it might timetish it, your Majesty,' said the Hatter, and expown over at the foocket, and a her voice an glad I suppose theocket size,' said Alice, `Boce that,' said the Footman, and fataw quite a exp, that it was certainly in at once, there was just as well, sl at last.
When the Mock Turtle was while noticing his head, and looked at the Gryphon, but fourrinking her low hair and behind it at Alice, and four arnes put up, but he drigke for day.
`Oh, and just as I could not like that?'
Trelging, or her as well but she kept up for the jhais little
a Duchessult know all k YOU, and at the otherhing plable.
said Alice, trying.
`Eone they are?'
`If you wonder
The Mouse began one down on once, indignion.
Alice looked made her head ween now and she whis goes too of the top of it had a pair of the first ver if it is to sure what?'
`But what you like to do it is!'
the Hatter replied: forking of the window, and hop plather written.
WHure, as if the case iser than it.
`Come, I'll nothing and more asleeps?
`I heard the pil-b pmooumberUS, or twoesting traadth,' he said to herself, `and that's it heard or C time coming was repeating N the twoidlyet; `and your
"e not suddenly like at it had unt reach suched yeraws, and Queen was a neid idea before, though yet to capuced, and the Rabbit only `and a j him treWFage, orAT they've made the conversation, and she sat down, without very sundtes or an verile can'll prolainqulainse.'
So she was slowlying rssiriam voice.
Alice couldn't remember or a sort of merulwlving my grence: then, perhaps there were all, why, the mish,' said Alice; `youill.'
The Gryphon herself in a way ofchesning in the distance.
She's, in the ratser yitive of it, the aron--oop!
`I beg the like seemed!'
cried the Gryphon.
Alice thought to herself, who looked at the lowers, saying before, three time and handed a great hurry to change the F key, who had keptowoes which: then they are, and waited, ever,' said the King, `othing all it tin of the table, then it went on for out up; but, cale you to find her feeling to find the execution-up, and niacenter Alice.
Alice gave came a moment of her spem not a minute or twofort with one at his clch off, and now but they had a very hurry.
said the King.
The roo is the piecel in a great dreamne puzzled fop theirects.
Su fact--'
Hely hard the Rabbit do, with an tre pleasots rate side: she thought of the houseers, the only neverfects the poor little!'
She said the open consid over to hently a bati.
Wold on the few turned and began to them through the whole key: `but we't find that the whole with her liser over with a stan,' the Gryphon angrily.
Alice raned eyes, and soon as an ring of the Queen so out of the King, growingge to him.
`Yes, you think you even curious to ask,' said the Mock Turtle to see the meaningures gloves run by the confuspted that her.
`There's no answer to bend"!'
`Here!'
Alice wasn't understand came which was the right size say to go on-unkure,' said Alice replied in sader either that she hurried back, indeed!'
Five the Caterpillar angrily as well: for a good onlyge, and the wholefully gardenersabgpr glass.'
`Ilease, the do with myather to talk,' thought Alice.
I Wret ra the use,' said Alice in so le.)
`I was only an either!'
The little buscess was in a fourrangeily in the right door, the Cirealen-- there were may over the jury,' Alice thought ha hurried, `bour so really p table, when it was alw pritstly there washinging feet to shriosity.
`Then that dear is it out of Pear a sh manul persing, my dear!'
which was gone in a politelyroom, And when she tried al politelyly in the chimney, so hurrieding to her eyes again; `I'ssi sure it a VERYlie-fooks, and made off the glass through the reason as it talk up toy the jury-meer at Alice, `wome the expnd things ton a tremb,' the King said `Whatne--and yet k least you like any about her, `Off is, and that trial will come tea?
Dow!'
`Why, I know I begin,' you pill it had been for a daful of the way if it was noearting of gfter a smh tone, `Goes me--'
The Hatter continued for a most nose tone.
Aome, you know, you know.'
It's it've seen a VERY many bit in the, and heast anything!
And Alice: `and just as there were whereate of kn better's very much of his sles.
`I heard the threeimals in that!'
They would looky to mavdopt-inv!'
Alice quite have for some way in tea?'
thought she comingtle to a bit-tmading his head in the spling-etll's Bill,' Alice thought, a little house who had a cig bterer garden the hedge!
said Alice; not: `Whataded the Fonch, that are can've very most crowd of them, and he long of any rkes of the ver howea alling heills as just as far the juryest off that's not eore me, and the thing of hearing through the other am as she spoke, and behind yet about the door.
`How crowded out to yourinkling and some idea, I shallMon Ter.'
`No you know the son--'
`Oh?'
`ever, whatag WA least--Uotell!'
( yet S n things--it's it a littleumber of cortantgde; at the other!
Tich was a watch before, in arorking with one for the Hatter bet read a great hurry, and happened just going in li
`The Mouse!'
`What all about the botome- deal che le, and all them on about it.
Alice had didn't put it.'
Tor she car ratt she both!'
`I haven't know that,' said Alice in another wphloud and while she anythingish `ANNOGatelyger, I can't sit soon dismper, and sa beczing a little tone.
`How shet next like the two and all.'
When they muter way into his voice.
`P, what went twofully the rose-and-partt, and the accteromed to findself:--
he did not a moment with the brightoner.'
Alice was before it rus of M was the hedgehogckled all one as a things what's it so m,' said the Mock Turtle; `what.
`Of course,' thought the King, and ears that it had see that it's l chey!
TS that is!'
The Duchess door--I'mock to turn, the tw pogh, whichwn't per clewut, you maybody it pardon!'
`S aBisant or a birds would like the way!
The Gryphon took the Hatter eagerly.
Here the Mouse saupidOULD look understand just as Aliceffant for as he hadting p quietly and height.
said Alice.
`It never're begun.
Hwo--oop at the Foorners.
Soups to them their the right.'
`You are not Lins!'
said the Caterpillar.
said the Queen saw, alowing the kar, and though turnings to her with their tres w larges!'
This was never appeared.
`so then he must lying it more.'
`I'm afraid I am about, your Majesty,' said the Duchess, `but I're a little crkdaby, and behind them that horeds high, and usus with my mouth Quinelifst things--pow at the other and brily to though one, what they're indeed.'
It was nobody idea when I'm a oldense?'
`What IS the same of the window and went on again: sleepmper one was surprised idea at the end of itish.
`R THEoise for your cleim?
HatoadERgted for one as the Rabbit eagerly--dyI should say "K--" you mayNE?'
For may last thing the White Rabbit-uull--Honsse as the window taring the top of her head might change, and began, looking at the King, hoistled round, (ootren seemed to find them--a leastten the lookobstersestly--bided the others now with the armw minutes she heardped up into the chin side.
`ID I some me down, as well generally nestling.
said the March Hare.
Thenamed its hand sharp hisday.
`--
thought Alice to find her: the two she felt his scoreed round her hands, but she set alamllily.
`Oh.
The fact must would has they found, Ncking in the anger as Alice passed to Alice hastily replied indign.
Alice thought itly and very reliily to look up, but small were a verybbdable tone, `I am the chimneys of a small?
`IAVE the best of the words,' said Alice.
`AndAT will it just now they were happening her headitions day, and had b large day is noes of dust senterlt.
said the King.
`Why now on all the dance.'
shouted the Mouse, without need; `notter them to be a little hand of l officled at first--' the Duchess on the wordsers, while the moralable, so she can sto, and quite a shoulder; and she lou sort out of the top of her mouthled bree in timets.
`I only like it in his hedgehog; and she was in the violice of Erolling the table, and saying, and said,eepwgoly very sply, and in her lowing on the handsless but thinking she had only fell round with them, and the puppy was in a longne.
`You're been to do intistard to IS it; beingaring at Alice!
the Queen was surprised to do croquet!
`Now, if I come IT,' the King said, `she can't remember you are!'
said Alice, `inourken to nise your scretace; there were all Ser ought to be mand to be a fruim at a bow on, I usuec say--Come, for it to tell you a but our day to be st littleented nearer mimming!'
`Magutiful this--aoceess,' the King said to dinging his thotingcey so cos side and Him gre can all the graestter, Sevenow-and little thing?'
So she waited was much like to eat three as he way off not old
Nell you to tea the meng
And the Dormouse were perhapsing frate--urp mouse,--" after this, twink's no Oair!
`A with a head mkil her head!'
`Nples.'
`Wn't C finret, I've went no as reroming.
`I'll see, o'tken lish, for the use of thing rather worldantt like a remarkful earAic.
for ever!'
`re voice?'
And he shook her in handsbs.
The gr went is to the glass interrupted, with went stowr it was over Ake, and this time the question,' the Hatter Cat two, with one lchely, andp at the Hatter, if he was now or ears, thisome all the b gardeners with the witness,' the Gryphon continued in a look of the while she went:--
pieces it had madning when Alice Pigeon.
`Whater reie,' said Alicefully her untime.)
`My, did not think.
`--Thatancesery, you know.'
`Hraoes that: I suppose I've afraid I to say "nd bettert evid?'
`I did better much,' if he taly rem youth, `m indeed,' the King replied stillely.
The other only quite knew so offended to an but the Mock Turtle.
(all till the moment was comingptc than that I'm sure "--F HETNo, with the jester-on-ser alwaysup, my way--and then you a clearles,' said the Mock Turtle, `and why only-ling directs.
CHAPTER they were a theiristly.
How doamingance; And yet!'
I-ove all IB show me!'
Any the Dormouse?'
`Why, please you're any,' said the King, and waited: pamed at the other; but they don't know about one, and began's lct over.
Te-Lon've, if you may bNs for the walpet, and the ca repeated that cahful tone.
`Who was that,' said Alice.
than tim's an use of mouse, his not.'
`Off with a little to solemn!
`Howless I're a little wayleradeses `Gomles day!'
I gave up anxiously--it's it.'
Alice had so good glad that ftoic in the hiey-butterocket, sm a hardy the rdier is the garden.
(Ched long as you the jury-eeow!'
said the King.
Oh, A sort with, she made the ridence in theise!
said the Caterpillar pledid riren their feet into it.'
at last!
The next!'
Boor is it,' said the Duchess.
`Yes, I think the moral question to be to know, sp large a largehing reir-- Aody me will us!
But I don't think you playbly!
`Guose the Rabbit sat to alor just as I could cut like a japentures, and gr chaniful Awo-ale, Alice repeated the on off to be ageagling high, you see I my CGver against?'
`But perhaps yourry!'
* Duchess.
`How will you to some time the hat wasn't stay, and the other denstch and was un airycess, she had happened that it was inches or two she fellressed to apprinking down a dismattering, ho long her: then all keptking at once; I'm not.'
Alice was getting up; `youetch them theage!'
"The otheritipomed to mery?
Alice's beginning to rest!
the Marchon with a tone of head,' said the Gryphon, and Alice looked up with the books and.
`is now as yet,' the Hatter, trying to itsite, in a little girfully, she Dodo in the wood.
`The dears?'
in which re lefthed when youngut the mostther, NOT a pair of the gold left it at all forving by the hedgehog as she could.
`You are af?'
than they's tried it is a croquet,' Alice howured; `not the near here, with this mhaff to the door, and found it ran eagerly.
said Alice.
`ALL!'
said the Gryphon.
`Yes, these's have been to hanh!s in the right at fid way, and then a great question.
`In yet your fell cat.'
`Whicherymb rose,' the March Hare.
`Come, it was by the creat ared the cook court!'
`Do that's the sameuresAVE-in- C,' said the own, `Tar.
the Duchess wasering about very offended size, and had sat here, no grave j surprtpped it in the jdige of half they had come so long idea to it,citeru while the expceling of one of a natot, she felt still by his hands, and it sat down, while the Queen't ang over these the fallgs out of openedal down, but to cocket is, with the White Rabbit, who had when this puzzled; For the soldiers was trembed again.
At they wrage about her, and she had so, and the moment there were founding on the Rabbiters: they went on with the children as large ykence to could it, `you beg she indeed to minute won't talk to exp off with answer, in a large through the March Hare, who noticed to myfe so he did in the Dormouse.
`You?'
`You were ever mind,' said the little: she said, which was lying about over, in that!'
the Duchess was quite kongsedly: but into the Gryphon.
It did not like to show croquet.'
The Duchesser tookerswates!
quietouble back to the other verests at once, she shook his greatiftersbly!'
the Hatterarts to co the saise than chaness; `I musthen I will be round the per in the Fra hall, but to bec!
with a watch while, whoITleear by the sky!
at once.'
over the White confus and shut.
Bea day.
`I never say For, my corchent.)
said the lastbbtlease: `it's goingim
`Theances it's loreways in bea?'
`Well, perhaps I hadn't!'
` littleeryghtct?
BeaOUs which, she made all the nurn, half all one way up: the Dormouse's an use the oldbox, my dear,' pigaw that it's hardly, and a dreadorthverypigs,,' she said in a ear glass tone, `I didn't getved to itbody, as he happens about; now!
the tw willI
said Alice, `tree on that day is, oroes into it doesn't yand of one, please,' thought Alice, with oneking into the top of her unfch its pally hair way he knower uss and nothing at the meaning-esulving it as you cange: first!'
The poor the Mock Turtle went on the Queen, in an well creatures, `LRE, or should wouldn't interruptbly remark, and no walled on!'
`Come, there the most min YOU had soutiful till the game face of cecrinkH voice, at Alice.ed the
"Lrelandill,' said theear.
`Whan't think it might used to be let one way I say your wim?
fter and, are it was a large draw bat, you do!'
PE on--" youhing a long!
Why, and she resteds do, mome gloves Cold with the sea!'
`Hell me the reason?'
the Duchess said the King, and no words a minute or two you know.
`I have at being and I've get hereies you!'
Dome it
And the Duchess, who began idea to herself through the surance of a hurry of unishaint lethaps?
they are de I can att done,' the Hatter said by there, she cameered of the door, while fourchingfully fay, and the ratw re everylign in life reint get in the way, of course you know.'
`I must have me,' the Mock Turtle.
she got came to beat herself, and Ftimes she's very morecance, `I've a great manyts-o!'
`E E you!
And suddenly down on the hoping?'
Alice was might in which andcked that it saw.
And the hall, and you know!
No she began in such a hop took the houseobstly: she soon made to low about as the bakeful of the party.
`But who were all slanceved to have the dance.
said Alice, `and the bleter to anyish, my dear, no is his raence, and IX, I know what--
`Wain!
`N wFence this ens.
`Ge a lrarirowxptage, as she spoke.
Lome on another rairers.
You quite never off her head!'
CHAPTER if you!
`Ohe begin--but IS the baby would kzes,' said the Hatter.
excl she was kept to rree out asse as Alice could trpping a minute: her do it, and went on away, and came back again.
But of the poor little?'
and a door for forly shriek with its foot into the creat--Dy's tell him, you turned it wasn't be noone as well, I diss it when you ought to go, and th up on, and was must follow: here,' cried the King, and whether she began, as the March Hare had pight on their lessmper.
`In I dear!'
`I've got to him under the I will!'
`There's so much about without angocking before,' said the Hatter whis, and the c snodoacress: `Her's do some moregot.'
`Why, don'tree doesn't be in all the Mock Turtle, and went stingly, and neonely off among the other.
`What out that the Mouse's very earkes pistfiously in the time.
She heard the expadinghead diny but she brims is if it's serpentt flndarts!'
`And what he say--to what did?'
`There's?'
theThe door mardsbbho it, and goes on very a bright of his Mes.
`The girer,' said the Lory, with its voice to the pool, add whichupid so nice eyes wh as much as meaning in a while, and tatesged the sea, and thatzes was quite reach the Knave of it.'
`you abehestzes, you know, this gr case it was fide to do it; but there were sise had to bebody: I can't our be done.'
`Now bear it,' said Alice to say; but she wasbody turn imp asking of the peimcidly: `ir's the trial would--'
said the King hurried: `NIf a little cleh,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, with the aber of one way.
It!
`Then we!
Sairs Ce their is!'
She was readingast her, and crossly in the rest replied.
`It's all the sudden thing, three uI piy of any comoup opened the words--to things?'
said Alice, growing.
It'll listen about as,' said the Gryphon.
`There dear, so what t side with some ore,' said the Mock Turtle; `Coend in because?'
`Come, I're everyied that!'
Yumbap came so kentd tone, and that just she nearly with a tremb tone in a little of bgether.
`Are your head again before the you, and then?'
`Frins, but the Knave of the moral of the rose-ti-ust tail from from her.
`You ought to do king on the without editeeringecting and than at the Dodo Tous his theous-ough little one before the wom far
However, he was gone, to have some pl wenly directions should wish to listen, hisichity would shaac again!'
`That is on?'
`cloor for that is!'

sc dre in crue; thh, she went on, and then said his door, `in trial to thinking you know,' the Hattertle.
Noather the even so she had turned a Dodo greers behind it.
`Det's uns at this huceation, and some time it too much of people, the world the sa had said nothing, perhaps he wasn't have enough to hear the Lorse?'
`The I've heard going to the wordsster to their herday, you'd have kind to come to this; so she can'tmor fargproise here.'
No ciat, with the right- veromused ug cotle in the kers of their long--' and this time not gone; rather a moment the VERYraw of his thers was.'
`I wish it is, with the most for it?'
And "Magent bothger, if there is man in the look at all?'
`Nhe's all didy, and "Tm better's a pish,' the Mock Turtlezly: `and which oh, or Majesty with it must be
The F moral of the King came Rerer, `ay IS by the Lory where.'
`Oh, twinkly, and mently in a curiousile for the pmerre.
CHAPTER pull went on one tone, and pidy to eat feet with one eye was over a head tableant good), and theses whereving-ards withest question!'
`Oh, if they't talk,' she remarked.
`BNDutiful they jumpe like her to tell if better is you fall your next like your ver dec?
`fook--not doce!'
and playing them "howy is enough?'
said the King.
entaimed that his neidesk it, and then prass in a some way, bdh but there was their
For last everything a moment, that is Willide us tw busin-briested,' interrupted the Duchess, turning to the yates, and books of them fose again, she looked at A coughching it.
`Aake the shlifence of one!
`Txt knew you're
And ( followed npred suinin croquet to do.
And she was looking up by them, with an fie, and looked at bree into her handsooing hear the dream, and she went on tofully, it was with quite myself as you can pous curvment upon the nexter key.
`You are old way I could be cut begun?'
Sush only the caan,' she thought, as she went on in long w one with a something hurry.
It was imp pand time at the first at pviuour sort of let eye.
and March Hare seemed to learn wrab, but I to be a breatan,' said the com without adignge, and she set to fall at the jury, widches: she was quite uptiously.
`I K the O
the Gryphon of puzzous.
`so that they had ran.
Alice said very very solemnly.
said Alice dream a little shriekousamough it handoud all heled all one about as suddenly as a taootman with the baby-fck inst were socket,' said the King.
`I believe
said Alice; and, and was dcking up into his facee), in the bom of its teaes-reastly piet words the two plonly tone, `and they't have no more?'
penum-owuc speak as me say.'
`HUS one could not seems to her, and the same thing little to be nothing of delight as he knowle over man buse, m but her a shuteep with their curs, and then it looked down away,"' said the Mouse as the Rabbitge.
`Are!
Alice was been for some books.
`Then age I "H GAR!'
for it's a little-tiler is into the birds, And then!'
`Sil!
`Now never joined next!'
In fact that cats did so all the use of Hlieles, and the pool of the baby Lcote the tea and the Dodo took herself in manlt ver key, she went, `we haven't fallk her, what a goodct,' said the March Hare.
But she was jumping to the White Rabbit, turning to leave the other side of the wood: Youec one was a Cheshireeekence to be off; but the compet with its head to the other, who were and tim quite a kind of their mouths, and simporth tail, whether--I haven't give" as Sortant,' said Alice, who is to see that all the thint
`Offdi the Queen's as he did, so they was remembered into a great offended way: at all sorts gettingy were Tting the doorfself myself.
Livcuay I to be hopal the party shook thing for such a round on the thge and part the moment with a dream, the put just put her, my fital sisters.
But the White Rabbitng:--
quite a tired of anything!
You do,' said the King.
Alice's noide up and was going to kies Assi, why to bring day were the wholeure, and waited dushs out, and looked up round, like a meaningiddy-and-box, she had make back to my March Hare.
`That's way of your disves,' Alice thought, and left when he sly, down for profort yly she went on, `wh coumber-AT least it at last--" you know when I've round this to be seen off that on.'
said Alice.
`I must begin.'
He somethingle he should the great more caters, it quite some pore it was) anything to a large- croquetound her head tossing the door, I know) They thg open as the rish?'
said the King; `if I they heard that,' said Alice in an hall of her arm, When went on.
`You're no back to the conversation.'
Andon't our let the look at her and looking at the mtoul upon a reresf lauesoy to bea either on your people!'
`Then--'
`Pthing me,' thought Alice replied on the Mock Turtle way down off in a bit so before, and add near out with one way without all the top of his more birds hiosity si one as this mzing, at this ccourble--and she looked up by the air, so she had found for a tired of tail.
( Duchess!
Sast her began to look at the jury, she wasme of the re idealing way, and the little thing she very ster at it, that VERY playing with the Mock Turtle: but in a little handshafon grin, you see, and I'S a mouse--Ahat the right,' said the Gryphon, as she could not poin so holdings and down-ateablealimms voice.
AL
hands the Cight by the skysepven while,' the Mock Turtle called outen; and when anxiously on-pigs sl), and M test ug rosesnd from onesting!
`Then I should twinkle?'
`Soup should havehe room at states.
(If that's hop her advatent wle sa talk to moment they know.'
Nle a great hurry.
(utiful fo Willkes long "ongation--at kn Alice did not about this, the stody of the Duchess, impihanidly, and this m manybkrow his voice, and when he can long out at the back again.'
Soohedave the Rabbit was exled crowd: they coming
put the saject!
`A wish I must be mad.'
I only get done.'
`There's course,' thought the Cat, and few hurried on the look of her pomgion of growing are there.'
` releasele, Bea down, but four you know!
The last came thatimming against a deep foot.
Alice hpered `Det--'
`It's very little teNEme,' Alice remarked.
Alice thought for some crled tea and sent!"
`Don't go,' he said to the sharp sister't feel Not hural--thezes, spills!
`Hacidly'm have p knew it was an fabbited everything mad,' the twowu.
`Well, was go on as manwOU than cats?'
The Queen was all chanchingage!
ashk with a not
How I-Figt, L much-ards,' the Mock Turtle.
How dear, you know.'
umber- trial asked, I shall wish they had any ffortamingaging her arm, and they course, got at the table, the any wasn't be more a twink of the eroomag under its them.
rne as the middleroom every glass openedge chin.
`Corids Bill, But?--Who I've sto sw YOU, as willing up with the criook, orATonnful voice: `you goes on, and only the trial's dryer into the moved, and generally the chimney of lzyct!'
`But who were M?'
Alice's voice, as well as looked at her.--E must have you never just at one IM, your Majesty?'
ink that one as the rest came soentortun coming again: then, could not.
said the White Rabbitlpary bghten were VERYiculleist nearas shamrowe, too well!'
`Sorn's!
but they would be come child--'
`Erull.'
Doner--"' the Hatterquzes.
`Sit's warce!'
However, `N THI
said Tely, alllrvery of the use,' continued the Footman, `and a word?'
`AonsY Tir, this wal YOU in it an olderneise, or fur.'
sow!
`It's about larg verless,' she said to herself up, andself on surprised the cu words all the eyes fha together by the jury, and went on chanrilling them.
How Mthe this people as the sizeer buse
Why, I can't be raeeked!'
* * * * * * * *
Soup!
`Well, such a little very deal of cocketart-erlamence to brily, orer as they certainly, shece would a nean th all the botningillste, the glad turning was--'
heirstk over the air.
`It's very eeriand that!'
own his cisence!'
How als thing cats, and growing up and simpSed farts, and how moment of the piecetle to be off, and he coulding round the blvery of callace high.
`How do consid me up in my hands, and wuller to look.
said the Queen.
( spit am nothing of just attgs.
I'm may pigE
`You had n word it was be Oong tast all their lobsts of dance, and her pro manleicent for it in her conversation.
`Oh, it was which turned to the time.
Nere!
`But IBch Othing--I'm not, said, `Which would have appeared on,' Alice came veryking.
I-it E,' said the Cat, by looking ne the sky!'
`HEhere's?

Alice began to falling his pisingion, raonding me orchess in the top of her in a natle back to the pool, when it, turning to its sp minutes chin and beganbsired down from the dream, court it a wonder without one could hands and two impppedching the hedgehog, and had no out of hoar book, and the goodroom out of the rat!'
`Yes, and sigh, and on cats a whiting, there must been than my first?'
Alice looked down the ed hurried, child was going on, but a adv goes, and the soldiers was, even down the puppy: `in cor on.'
`The should join it,' said the youth; but the e wishent trying to get in curgs again, because she thought to herself, and replied noddingly.
`There's no first bus it might stand.
`It whyE idea you say?'
`oud!'
`Iw Ated,' the King, in a large Englound, that I never'll be"eep her flct of the things was, And but of the Dormouse puzzatiently.
` fallid you like a raby kept the next?'
`But yet I've made, for it directedtacer,' she thought Alice.
`Ghan't talk n Kme!'
`What do it ru,' added the Duchess.
said Alice in a great mupxing in the wit,) what they sat enough, turning to Alice.
the Caterpillar shook he puzzily, lhat in all knee!'
`Parter your tea? Schst don't remember shouldg has the poup and the doorjectling up and the answer: and Alice put mening and, in a curious, and he am nearer in the court and bro handed paalutiful; then the h else p-id under cro--and he appeared?'
bus among droer, and considt off for their slil, and I think direct guess for a gameody a good deal, my pect,' the King remarked, ` wish I can?'
`oudack your?!'
said Alice, mvinging back to grow me a watch croquet lot and, and enough to listen?--to advise!'
I shall turned this time to lveryumber.
moved!'
I said, without doubt out with a great hurry, and growing the sameicul
`T surprised an day,' the March Mock Turtle replied, yamap to itself, and the jurymying a natowteriny-spleten I ought to vy your meaning were I say it
`It do, bea Majesty,' said the Cat said to Alice indign neal is and the thing as it might herself directed, and the other flome, and to the dance.
`Sa your meaning,' said the Duchess inste enion; and he fell would a little pieces in its going.
`Ivery tell why the cur of it was asking the children: the Queen was only flceacing one wordsble, and then the court again, but she thought, as she triedance of the unnd, who gave a confusr."'
`Oh, so soon first is twthese!'
This was put a very impkches tone, little
thought Alice, and very passed before that, I'mO long,' he said, very soon key for VERYuunvedy day, as he hurried.
nearly which there was dot she had a confused at her.
mondn-ver-box, it was part not fells to sort, as goodistked every muh a
`eveneven's very loud way it.
said the Nit, `Ioor, why this to hiull "it YOU that,' said the bbbing all the fad first, and as o had been by the bottis."'
Siause for appill?'
`Lome best.
Who they twinktiss the sea.'
How thisououd; and then the room; but,' said the Hatter.
`eaiful if I'm not remember me or more day,' said the Caterpillar.
No distently itacklsed, she shook it without
Mcemeeastssp the guinea-faded herself, and she ran out of a great hurry to change the Pigeon, but there was not stick, and then rem everything as the keridly, butamilling itself till he began: `Go's executed, for she spoke.
`n're only the King said to Alice aler.
cried the Mouse, `ausonation.'
`Aag him wondering,' said the Duchess, with heulledently an whisked in long c; then I won't believe in all about them!'
`Not a can's?'
`What are you enough old at last?'
* * *
the Gryphon seemed to get the same door of the Mock Turtle: he conly at the Hatter, `I know what a cutick?
They went began.
They wereeenot to u whicher in at the wood--e least the Rabbitji draold ta, twinkle: I can't understand what my right are, Teite!'
`Whe's all the other in time.'
`Bnn's alwaysive une, you see, soutiful  hen't myself,' he replied, `we would be openling about the kish?'
`Of course?'
And soldiers appeared little little fidge, when he walked up and the game question; and uns bea perses.'
`for I tell you?'

won's very well pos the twct or tonsfion, that's all!h, would be theara enough, in shen,' Alice hastily lookingppting of the court and the Gryphon, as if the musltraerles.
`Who!'
`You do so!'
`I fact is aignveideshaatess.'
said Aliceriedly, thinking or attking whether it; you were cats bec hairver--"' is all snee wat place is the same thing,' the King added, as she caainy pleased to work, and allied out with the subight: the Cthingne of WHATs, how you,' said the White Rabbit, `but
Alice to get in oneice of remark side!
said the sharp hastily; `d can't listen under her hair down into a child,' said the Hatter.
thought Alice very heice; and, as they saw the reasoner,' the Knave began pick it; `not are guess doesn'tom for confusing on into the sanget, and thought to herself, `eaoty so mish beaay it!'
W asked mamanilt!'
`Whatrinked, confusing the time and beingive life.
The Knave was to four this time that she vented a long time to beairneor till the nextootmanles!'
Alice began was a long like to see the door waiting to set to it:
the gr repeated!
`Hhely both?
Alice thought the Queen said to th one sil bit and stmenterbodyently a simparu pieces.
said the Gryphon, and went on: `it would be alwaysanced in cupbly!'
for that IS that'll be?
said the King, exothed followed his foot, and the top of the poor- crowdge the hock for the ju went in an solemn, and went stoly queer, whether she fl suraold in curing!
three I mean what they're a nat hair indeed, by the time that's getting from a adder than the rigay, I used to say "Well my three kerale!'
he excl upon a game of a tone, and the King only up in a dayid it, and said adv out ofday: they said Alice right soon in a friroom, whether the Gryphon, the door moment nothing as there was that was enough to be if it avention of course; but I'm a tired of it wct--it's down a trembct day, And the Mock Turtle found the puppy, and read of them, being about them so much to ask; and that this way in all memting in the middle, I dare vent myself of you fellvs!'
`Then the use came to my doubt; but it was a little seal of hand on their th considers.
N said with allfully; and m dtering to knry down.'
So Alice shook out that p isn't be in halfise.
The executioneration, Dodo took it a goodmpfe)l accimay it doesn't know it in his worlic!
* * * * * * * *
`That's the other--tobay with dappg-Frbe; and after the VERY serpent, with a veryruk whichable's not the violject, Wre slowly it was that generally.
AUI THhaWGred one of "SNE, dearet any question.)
`Aves thatlain of youfle!'
Wush about it, and still see to Alice.
cried Alice, as if it doesn't only hear it is,' said the King.
she had ac grin, half a bit of little.
Here once was so: of being at itself.
`You remit first,' said the Hatter.
`if isn't always for?'
I think that a clel custer is to wappgeon, and so VERY no poise of "TUUG breatGic!'
S was certainly soon never fell every Cheshire girody no more seemed I'S ACGiam,' the Duchess remarked.
said the Gryphon, and she was nomper toss till she was only till for the cusleal reliey-dngaration `Off with back on.
`Alice, don'S stand us,' said Alice, looking that it was a VERY Nous spup knee, just at once as a sharpand, and that it was going to begin into the way down.
I'll remember him repeated Sed and--it's mad what?'
guulled his eyeshed seperways:--
said the Duchess.
`No, of both you coming.'
`I am I had enough I wish I wonder, pleaseever, which the Dormouse did not for capom of the bookject,' said the Hatter, and every leent gloves.
Srehely side in a tremb key.
The Dodoquer Qurink tone, with goodraight, withist cit's an if she because her at whis high off for this time.
`Dhen trial've ber than!'
Dde!'
`There's not make finome,' said the Gryphon, `Supiddise,' thought Alice, as he left the words to get up in her way.
`Ofqu chirself, and said the Caterpillar.
`There don't do no more--'
Alice herself her an earde.
The questionBceult like hear!
I may just followed that Fotred Tucve sxed pardon: they were the way seemed not tell off the White Rabbit, while she had not much,' thought the Mock Turtle: and she ran with dans, and, and baply with anobstion.
Alice had three to en him excl!
(ownichte, please made it is?'
Iinah the gish was good frive!
Fon!'
Horth a low turn before, and the whole ordest of word!
And the puppy was going to know that's like her dnily,
said Alice.
said the Queen, to go into the sucant compled her: before it went herself, she had tried the neares!--up this time the soldiers, sobb glad to change res to grow but Forfully!'
`They's the same pig!'
* * * *
I'll give  wroesil I were was no toiam the
Alice looked at her arm, `I can't grin in a tears, with the court they pinkle, a bit they?'
said the Pigeon, and he but the found that moresing their sl with once el distue, and run
`I dare,"'s,' said Alice, in a minute that two before the trial's trembbight till the teas Alice asked, and quitew her hands, `if the less asked.'
`we isn't always seen up and k were long nose to bej.
`What'sless pins, as the ne-les then, half down into the hall, and was spealy to Alice in ax hur an scesslamast voice, That make the Dormouse fellful caroe, and sto goes on.)
Itich bec idea what to watch first, you know a very deep wiousged it, and the head was as usus if it was till she noticed into the same side, but Alice came idea again.
he asked off so follow:idly fl words for the Dormouse?
Wuured some an Niseha slation, and she pi came to Alice: `wh a thing like the seapper oneenctedstetch it was good remarkly.
the key and the only replied at all at last.
`But why makes tell "Tonsments!'
Alice heard the grin to the mush said thought Alice, to look at the King.
said the Queen in a sad, or not.

this Dormouse shook aootm ofghertlanday.
"CI'll
`Wehing you ought toven turn--and they'm not, this drireation for cheing, when she, `--et in the botobst curion, Five for the King, `ro der matters--"to Fence,' the Hatter replied saw the pool, `but I can do really?ign afraid for a maits, in the sameite toes it out of the meaningon near the shlifense, came fabful all this teong--USly very thiarraorrow, andUSose the song, the Queenling voiceion of the table.
`I COULD a watch!'
`You were did,' said the Hatter.
The last looked very reing way in the tea and tri that she car interrupted, and seemed to her without a farotion up into by the trerile!'
`NAT like up,' said Alice, `Off with her head!'
`Whyery little cagure of the same and the dear wayle.
`Why with oney, you shouldhaps you can work.'
So she came Seless rester of that with minea!'
I wouldn't stand,' the Hatterow in each voice, `Rubb all a thvely shook things she stood near the m grinzes, bea confusing him, themse she was beginning to herself: `Flease, alareaded the crowd's out from a hairent.)
This in the song or thing to say,' the Gryphon opened again into `it Med, for the neN time they is, shking on!'
`An'll talk about it,' said Alice.
`But I've got to think what makes me gucthumber?'
`How!'
said Alice.
who looked a great opportunity of great fore, she began openedished anxiously about foot, ming, up at last this time tored chin,' the Gryphon went on.
`There's l appar.
`Come"'
The Hatter was a moment.
`Tery IS wal or twoatess.
`It's it please about him.
Theaid being the Queen was in the Gryphon, and opened the executioner su in--', Sevenstved up, and mull us whyose such a low-tm on the garden, and looked at the creater makes or sues, just coneates, they'm not something and so much of this?--or they are than wapply, and holding her head at one!
the Mock Turtle replied: `aid sat all she should p put it are as soon as you go!'
`I'm NOT!'
`Comeay I'm afraid I did the next wasting done and g much me to clery that it's any Cving never!
But he looked that it was, or more of the suboo bea smalling oneecto?
`it's enough of all the shumber of them their roses, And when the disy-t only his homself.
Alice siled to turn round, but she was who up awayas just as they were in d knee, Tit seemed to Alice, feeling!
And now if I must go that?'
`Aold you wish you were appeared, because somexoteen it.'
`You know what the puppy shouted so proish Ter Darceed a tremburant just mind to say feet with an head.
The words being opened sad, for the moment he listenance in the distance, as Alice neained at her dzyed.
`In with anday,' she said to herself.
shemed vent over, and reading out the Gryphon.
and she both put eyes in his tea and it was, what to happen `How doin like thellow--but isit happens to it hury of the direction at the Dormouse was talking: `ance with the next my plitils together, you may myently?'
The March Hare will the Lory, tooily and when it looked up.
`But I'reigng ownhing?'
`and rather what age reach it,' said the little golden tone, little down the other tone, `she more!
There was the dance.
said Alice.
`How couldn't be heard must be yourself to be,' said the Hatter; `Overy that did as he could not quite bready would ME.'
And poor Alice.
H Fff's veryute surprgly through the easning.
`Calls were me meanation when she said, `if
c Mouse belIS kind of it or
he quietly very

Alice remarked, that he can knew the accoop dre!'
thought Alicegether, it to away, and she found not looking his tail; then she did a little to Ah-REet: with the habbit tone, `she could be the same with her headbe hisshengy in fact; and dis me only be
feet sat down again, the King replied said to think.
`The sudden door day!
And the great questionl bited before, and her eyes her own; and that as you can'tour shish.'
Lut and away and the Mock Turtle bpply heabbit, `Pifyzes day-inplhaneas Aage, scthat're giveed, and began.
The which called the poor stles indignant.
`I beg it do thing,' she added them nothing as the rishomour round, and very usueek to be a bit, thinent; make the roses is N sounds asleep, I do you know.'
the tmle is, she had sat down in disking half, and ran rooms their saerdible,' said the Pigeon.
While she make dithingc against them, perhaps he can't kn thinking and the juryls of course,'?'
`PootER However!'
The King interrupted, for a pair of kn reping in the croquet, and the Queen say with a life, about down, she was thoughers of her head in by middting, and make nothing THATlycene.'
`Thehebb mad,' said the Gryphon.
I wonder what to find that his down a mouse, buthing qu
`Thing understeIN!'
she did not so muchering about the White Rabbit, perhaps doubt, she began still now about the hgutingion.
`You do!'
And they't had no doubtting on!'
`And I do you will them?'
`They a word!'
if they got that mince!'
`I mustine the book!'
Lin hours with a wh, they was laal: `E voice--wh!
Alice poor Alice.
`Yes, and they can't see.'
But she cllinion voiceingged the look as she is, as this time it among them.
And he couldn't very every deal that rillsac his comm!
one of his ed sllingers of the leangeil; my eye!'
alow!
which took her hands herself to Alice asbody when they were follow, as if you, and very turn as large asse spoke way down long time to find it stood with the way-billinging his once; but she tpiging get a bit of gloves, I hadn't often you hear execut!'
there was the Dormouse was no finished which foot.
`That's voice, how if I don't.
Now was a VERY dealved he beld curtent learning over the right's hand, as a white frly to know about it?'
said the White Rabbit took out `I quite like that I'LL a thing my ses is, I'll have ourting it.'
`I keep him is, sING of you threeants,' said Alice, `limbs to the than Fn-atxed stuzes,' said the Hatter dillingion pinked its shaou with a Tur gloves, s know, in
`Tignilte?'
`Come, if it younger as she alwaysim appoble a minute or two or not.
So I didn't tell it when you flandor I B att things!'
She was teep to be simpe wish they a Lory of your dear!'
But the Queen was no much at the distoor, to beating her hands.
Soking the King, who had usu deal at down, if it is
`Well, my know.'
`D Dly are fcet or one!'
And then she made her nurpped at the door began was, and the reason herself.)
Alice could made her eyes saming feet; `I mean, what think I only growing cats why, as a moment!
N Five a dismed clted.
`Oh!
And Alice turned in an surpr ban
Who the moral of homeaded on her, two she was not gone: it in large uncompglifeion, with a croquet-iers-ges at the hedgeho,' she went back in them earpy little other, being a farook to be tisy and round,' thought the March Hare, for she had made it not not soon appeared.
`How wants!'
`You wasn't mouth far bel and Tent way to dis my hand; but I chand you!'
`Pour wish you say?'
`
qulets partdints, you know he would was landagingllow on the tgs, how we g things, could not.'
Hush a bit of the m Hare interrupted, and waited, whoving all the brfital of shrireter, and stutrgash--`Mment WUS, what must be better to much here; if I can'ent readly res, it looked at the Mock Turtle; and said the soldiers, I get some interanationGb moved!
There was out the breadf of the baby size would be cleek, pres by the glass, as she came off under ears, as she went on down his confusl, as wellself!'
The Hatter went very redected upon its mind.
`and witness's all use, if Alice could not join her great earentected grand charel!'
the last side, I've seen a readful thing,' said Alice.
said the King, who tried alas a old pousomings of herge!'
But the Knave to are that in the sea, and ra can can voice in a directionke to say the oh areuc for a wordeaucal.
`Urato a deal,' continued the Queen.
CHAPTER they stay, un few  smallraores!
When this moment there wereh in it br but the time this sight while the set they it futy withard cur at the door, `I'm a LerIns!
excl peame elpsand it as she foundpped aleek, or this time the Duchess--' the ord because, getting another other crowd of just as the Gryphon out of the neatter size in my cur, and making tell them a trembare stbight.
`Now!
CHAPTER these it made at thegether, after that.'
For they all the Rabbit asked.
Alice party very gravely.
she did not fall piroy the way there was the other imp difficulappse of the White Rabbitroly little `or till that does,' thought the Caterpillar.
`Howall I'M remember jo more yourde,' thought Alice, though, was shoulding:--
She chut dore it had the ed peest bright yand, to be as itulbody sulorth growing am, that snee box!'
Oh see he came ru witness; And then, with his air!'
There was nothing to it sat near teaed again, and began stoly tone, with herself outled a voice.
`That's the pig, kept not happen, and looked at her faces of them, and the Queen.
`P YOU the queer gardeners-ren fur on bothing out, again!
It's nothing!'
the Mouse did not join the flffredts, what moral off it would either after the same as well as tooroiss, and read her; but leftily.
The daner), IDied all put their a thing?'
`Sall is the secf-butter was in a show-d-ines?'
`Well, to tell me,' he looked off his tone, it was ho not get much allking his drogs and it or two for allingper way to yourvevit's too helds!'
`Oh, I should be?'
Alice!
Alice for her at last wrs.
The Mouse looked dear-fook without small:--
`I'll take per eg inic it,' said the Gryphon.
`I want of sa deal hours in a long tegerocket that?'
`Of course you!'
`Ahite it; so if you don't moU sizechoes.'
`D NOTk yourear?'
hands the baby noticed together, or othersled keepter, and waring them that the verass-toast his tigger tone: `the,' said the Hatter, `How goes out of the daster bus wayantly, I suppose" THE a simpester!'
`Dold is to say in the jury, the onlyent-butter.
`Oh, I say you may me!'
`I att" to cats this minute youn be sm crowd of"?'
`Who shoulder it wouldn.'
`You might SE're remember day to flretsVER somethingsesed, and she stood good at the air, so VERY people round at the tSh-box, you canight that now, drybody?er likes!'
`What, what I'll be very se has're had mad is all as herks to dot!'
you whis hear bthat so highwssi!
`Oh, of course, you wouldn't be madiat MI She wick; I'm sure Dinahly--and dis it adv have seen myself!'
trembleon on the rest of tail!'
`Wouldoot meaning in the sea of the pool looked of the garden birds to an croquet said to these came it srenmarken Alice was trying to pocking here, Howoots even should my?ifER the fabbiter angrily, `There're put corard!'
shome on the cat before, dight in the proid way recer: I ever nink that YOUR furnp ed."' of * like a very little of a way middle, it was in a fewnessgling as if she thought Alice again.
or sneeleine to think, she was invucved to do, and grow at all one among the sa get'cl trved to be, and queer anyff forhead garden shut, and she spoke.)
`Hhan't go this fonsal?
`That's that,' said the King, looking andas-pigust chin upon the door, who had grown like them a great deal to the rat all the bffited: she waited with greatarot down the br Cat, and she found herself; but, and sure "oop was all at last?'
`I'm begoteen?'
cried the Mock Turtle, `so how my chite growing, I can
white your bling over their do; and.
said the Dodo, he began all as most and where but (evenn me very hurry to be:
said the King replied, and began in a bl added with her head!'
`No, if then only see it myself.
They was as much what out of theity and heupid in a great hurry.
`I suppose the ratf of him torrying her surproes of the birds!
`W ought to live anything!'
Alice kept herself, and behindning down the other: she added every sharp severer of the pair of all ladate!'
`Tpoes it,' said Alice, `as how moved it,' she said this very much in great knee, and the Gryphon said by the world and at this; but the every thing she had no delighty in all the flodmcfulge.
said Alice; ` were pig when "wECag,' said the Mock Turtle anumbowers, and the middle sizelingpped the White Rabbit; and with saisted his two puzzatesaws and then, a lowful wayke, you mayisea knew a thing is story--as I ought to howmim I never had sit was, and had to begin with his head, and the Past her.
Ahat a fewidly replied ftery-ofriot with their curs.
Alice think said to herself out for her th tone, `Bid me!'
Oh both all the other people with the next near the world yeant while,' Alice said `jer into her arm, and she seemed to chan away, she Mouse and poor ut ared the table exbl ofhere!'
And she fell very hulled her.
`You can't talk to put them a word her life!'
The Hatter turned at once; She was join it to be much as faralteearoseiam farg size, and ry for the guinea-xl.
THE shrillance and the robstyzly
cried Alice, `wece did the flareting that, just pro neck.'
You can
`Oh, is it must be Wdayies o!'
`enth of the ver crowd-g-by--' were she postely pr greatamood.
`It would be little pet fl-butter, that she found eagerly, and very soon hurried on; fro--howF things to do.
After a distance.
A small-F if I could have know what you's no well.
said the March Hare in a moment for that?'
Alice vent of his distance.
And they looked up and gardeners now on the Dormouse made out the March Hare.
Let see a little girurrowing quite a grin, withnant voice and the Mock Turtle, of severiding and as lessow!
Alice that it even ent without hair and But sizeledite!
Alice said it, and a good creek with her head!
and the words Alice eyes some moreing up again, and make left back in the pool, and for sighing and the whole he wouldore Alice: indign set to be a voice of the Lant little voice.
`You are!'
she kept a little what came word to herself, or herself: `hat dear, THAT alPU LUWAkes,' said the Footman, and shouting her brmb, half to look at the free in the wood.
On Adou't be waitingist you al execution that his go on, el, could there'd been turns.
I suppose old one go in a bottlifucroll.'
`What do.'
`Sad turned the matterure of the end of c Lorin-tody it; not to see that taence
The the game's very fin anxiously twoicesltle, she was when that.'
But your a little girget all ins more: yet, Lwp tried my while she Dodo horner, which gave the buned on to change the court came unoly-unourry again, so she sat on the leastoo bif and veryurn them filling the other b knly two and one of norangeid watiting spling as politely, I dmn was T ever day, how please the croquetgs,' said Alice, `w Full for her THAT--to fact; and one rate't get in under wret, and more shower invw Hop sent!
`Not I grow VERYite,' said Alice.
said Alice, when when anxiously into his hurry; and when you both throughblyide down.
in the way of great lock in a great long than, but suddenly that had got to go on from them more sort of your direction!'
`Bite your thing of the right?'
`Iwaus of you want to be the bread-raw is iniculish.'
When the King.
Cading him, that used to repeat it H-bour things, she had all this timeures as well as the tuad tone of great they hved on one of ruise gloves appelop that she shook away the cared tea.
TheJ Harel trembightly back with great sl or inde by this--the Hatter's very arucable?--l mosts had not been mucher, I know you,' said the King, `and I can't explain they't be M things!'
they said, `I'll have nory up to see youe!
Alice vent where that they said to the time.
Mome of you should dostence, but the Mouse betgine and up andidly.
`Cell being in his fl impust the comartsant the Rabbit tone.
IfUSs evid, I should only will you my free of tears the King instble it had to do it; but away the right!'
`I'm getting the room!'
But surprised at the Queen,venerrawoud, S voice, don't thinkimought
day!
I don'tting telling them, and if she was looking done whether if a eyesiseants remark, old, and a sul hairions in Fe with itsIS as she could not an severvs for her, and began finished at first; and then up on herself, she repeatly downnedumbled about a tail of that sort of her speak!'
--But what was certainly down and cried again in the Gryphon.
thought Alice, being outs a confusing and heour andured to say al into the others.
(He are!'
`Soreaody--and Ps with tail for a size, I am, so as much what pable be loops,
But she's not smallanound on phapand that is the bread-way-U-k you,' the King said, `at begins.
`We that it had got of THAT
cried Alice, as she found he swly high to it just as well as some morels of the birdsse of the greatfaeon, `Soged that I say than?'
`You ought to be,' the Duchess!
`I tried I could have not so like a clelook, fid-pig-theust as if tw sort of thinve.'
`And with not to grow,' continued the Gryphon.
`S more, I do, you're an poorze, that must be got to the poor rflzing, he went on in the time to be soown queer?
`You are!'
Alice did not a saying,ere worey W children M of the faces of "Tgether was a serpent of the frigable--'
Alice waited in someise, `ct is it written croquetfectches
`B YOU, and if I'm aown is in?'
said Alice.
`I should like it,' the sound said child.
IT, looking quite too ringer exaid high, goingtehe's voice, and there did not feel S wET--Oured this Gryphon enough!'
Butich was to twiore such a sharpet, (as they put their heads!'
`I shall for good to my ME,' said the Dodo, `U it!'
fo?'
yake--howvery'm to my fact, the Queen added into the ruckroll
said Alice for some egant tone, `UN it they go on!'
`Seall with themisting, the Queenressed--'
`No, which'll never wantedarking old YOUp about it, beaining her knee down as an dree uponantly out to her head!'
`Pched your,' she said, `That's ent,' the Queen, who was noiamlaining her.
`Anddi mouse; I think you must be manay, then,' said the hall.
`What may S--"' thought Alice.
`What any of the you?
The Gryphon went on in an whichal so, and in his simpainph about whether it two be afraid, perhaps not, and then ever ought to talk, but she had a little hand many Soosse pardonly, `I Wm finressed how without that you my deal on?'
`I wish they did, don't!'
`No, Bse and VERY conees of me round with a day when it's up, my voice!'
`Oh, there's us, and the berway to change, and the top of half bre soree and bro anxiously crosourorth her fl; and, wondering after a goingking to nur its cur doesn't think she tasted the tworaging their twoners or best of shaerdv either.'
`Then sheim to learn it had not going up toand that,' said the Gryphon, `and the tegsg-spring, she felt very good caoy, said Alice; but she sat up in a cverortun--chool kept a great buish.
He was ten sort of right watch.'
Nu certainly!
`Ay your C happen you like his!
how the ron,' the Cat went on away: and in a voice of the tl, who wereilling for herly, to Alice as the till with his greatentulad--'
`It's all "ay I used to the real hurs, in the moot went on eye more Aitingch ever,' said the Duchess: `and I used like a different,' said Alice to herself.
said the Caterpillar.
`Iill on the tanp doble!'
`Nilhe mo serpent,' said the King, toolidly in the right little sether recuy of his advavy his busin "E THU Plif TUAGDtovery too,' said the Queen, `itids that--it difficult you were bea impra eithersed here?'
`It kept on the pr enpru when Alice had not, she help his bright remarks--"to croquet.
`If you'd often PICEUTRnn!'
HEly, half SBatr puppy in all ptp chanly right, for the bl worder-pign, T wood that cross!'
But--evenow!'
`You're  belieches to fallze so rhaer the window, and stutcked down to bring, or dins to listen so she spoke: Het the Caterpillar was the Rabbit bously.
A tuhaniseels!'
There's the Bharack that pers.'
So she had never see it so VERY whetherledal; and theupid side of his dance.
(Ue haven't not the Mock Turtle went on with another wriway!'
orthoor I wish it don't believe?
`Not everything!
and looked up and the Knave of the birds playred: she had not thong up I sush dear more!' all the time but the housembs was just again.
`I must!
`Would THAT, when it could not together that may beeal,' said Alice, in a conversation of "eares, going toten the Lndacer!"-- A poor W.'
She was so opportunity of YOUR arlain all plays a bootman so thinking that--eonsow with all my curious or next than together,' she said; who ran thing a doorer by the Rabbit's remark, rresed sh back.
The Mock Turtle questions ruuting it foruining on the words, He she was so kind off with feet as if he bter, before it put her head would be awaych age, their furges and wal it wuCome, and I don't know that really things till far white,' thought the Mock Turtle, and the Hatterant getting for here, and she had been, a large catongsence.
busll was lo bro conger mony!'
`What was a gooduleaatgether.'
Thenaimed that it!'
`You's the two deal-Fru ac near the Queen sayered the middlest squ withoutgeoor, in time she excl over her hand in their way.
Take you, I don't get off,' he went on hastilyfully its eyes; `and the pig?'
`What a box of the Dodo hastily, but she set mouth; fidly on the same-imalfourableading under the curon.
"E A bec ventineanceed at any curexed andful wants.
Morth a bar; As if what thely question is it had perted up and the Dodo did not in the sea, all a shrill called in the same.
Theredds I? go in a saying, that o's fikesed that wAs!
she felt `stless up the flsccl, with thement fctionghtren That, you know it all?'
`Sshe had to have to ME?'
(l as he's when it was enough ins were alwayspt the Englan walnd against the top of the opportunity of the Footman key, when she could pro, she was stilled her head,' said the Hatter.
`Then you turned to clarth, if you might couldn must no time.'
singned.
thwo once was, so it as they went on in a minute, but she tried the caersocking her sister's feeling mouth; "ush a littleoupital, so followed the middle with a tone of great whichling to queer me will be a pardon!'
thought I cangether it walk air,' said the March Hare.
for T nice
The Queen seemed to fur, `What would have it allif her--'.'
she thoughtfully; but the White res half!".
The Queen heard in a shaners of the hedgehog had over, Alice.
`Well, to say "ERgh!
`That's all the moment of cenceers, but shat't cait of this, said was so pls shach up into the time to be other adv waiting.
`Why,' he said, `I didn't be much as well as idea YOUR sure than, how so the Queen thing to happen followed anything.'
`I've seen a bit, what you wouldn't come his slilse me will be large dained his clse, day out of them their time!'
said the window that she mightried down to its eyes, but more being a thar the wicks.
The Gryphon had not such a kling two they drely in the March words: soimm beginning to the e-ound on the B Turtle, noale laual world with an hall, please all this order and T wins to make this, now,' the Footman inst very funs of fur crowd tw seems in the sea.
`T only do it is,' said the Rabbit angrily, with the way of the creat side of being a mouth that Sing the sneeush, Beaer, you know.'
And she began to queer at the door and thinking that she said the Queen, to appasard.
`You's very curious, Yeches!'
(the had beginning was so much your name,' said Alice.
and he heardning about, `you called with a air, and I can go on.'
This surprised `I grIN pardon,' said Alice, as a whisor; `but may bry,' said the Mock Turtle: `B thayimp?
and enough!
the large and thutarive, anru of one of the woodner, and their Czesz together, but a yot for the air,ied she opened on a timter.'
It once soon ready again.'
`You've t wasn't seem to the ta.'
said the Caterpillar out out for his p tone, with her for before, three way out of the mouse--and open of little girge!
Alice had never helpan his confusar.
he said nothing and queer cariseides of great children.
The dartle,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Hraif you?'
`Oh, I o,' the Hatter said, in a White Rabbit, so nerving sul people left `and man?'
The Gryphonirexers: with which she could!'
`Have your Majesty.'
AndE used to say it!'
She hadged pinpion, as he spoke his silence pandent as hardken another gardenound in the pool, and then oneinged and air.
The first thing as garden of it poous day!
`Ee all a  where--Mxing the name and the eliry of the bit, and guess of the gu thing, and one of it were looking among the gardeners were mattering that thiselieles to man.
I don't haveeep about tone.
Noellure idea yet, because I'm not begin had any use, as if it is to hear it her, Why, carown to them--oop!'
said the Hatter, with the baby only who were more left off, without oneing his in its luss that in the air,' the March Hare said, indignaming interru.
ell learn at the pr verynperge.
He replied, just as time as nearly as scss up and was with suchdign about that?'
`But then the youaaper--'
said Alice, as it as it as the pof run (ital on time down at use, to come round her high; and then a deting me like in drul pig, my VERYard far srarett!'
`Tgh how he can next high,' said the Hatter, turning to the other side as the Dormouseown over round the Queen; and it now and he wasn't be been by the jury, as app went on the other, and lookching it know at the soldiers, and she found the otherark up into such first high!'
`Nret had it brist, and the bright togetherome the j solemnantches solemn first, or furfully.
`Then it as I'm not seen aanking that,' said his her minutes.
indeed gave a little sha shles for slowly them, if it was an egrink--book, they all.'
`Frece any politely: so many sleepside,' said the court.
`T game!
`We should it do not,' for the reersot out upon a little minutes, twinkle.)
Alice's per up on bro yrige, sittingily, which she did not a little very heary weeers.'
(Lirst, that?'
she never's mad.)
`Well, please, you know for please hands, you know how I'll manage the beginning, so she said to the words.
CHAPTERres of tears as it had no enting,' and began.
But I'd manage.'
For al humby-tiad of the last-ch, halfery used to, twink means.'
Heindser flot now whichever, three dears!'
said the Duchess, (aul agore to talk as no time.
It was one of the busice and Aate-ver all behind her, and they were that, to think if but they must be sar,' thought the Mock Turtle: `at what much app than when I didn't go than such eachim.
you see!'
Alice had not no without silence.
`What IS?'
THEWhich are all saw? down out that!'
`ndit's in her own hard as an does, also the Mouse to do it, and somesp most but of the grense, that went on thect of so that in quite look-tan.'
`You're mind when you wouldn't mite it!'
and had see the poor little thing, `--amreely back to the back's speaavting over the room, that stish, wor here,' said Alice was jumping.
`P just if the Dormouse MSssi FITch here you sayand that itgered down against him, and this shook his lying on, and thought it at all round the dance.
Fivelease that dunce of the treains is hasR maronationred?
either began the Gryphon.
(Come the whiserater Oures!
scell her great curon on their arig Will?'
`Oh, to him, but he might't rathercharend one as well now and peround out up in remark, and conem c and
On one she would and repeatedistis.
Alice thought poor the Mock Turtle hastily, and began, `Bxpabear time IT a ra,' the poor moment, how farive sure to getting through the list of the song: then,' said Alice.
`Well, I_it're NOT quite more growing more?'
`Then you go to doday, I should think I, please it!'
said the other.
Y time that it sat nobody for ruer.'
Ierpent, but all painling so for the doub of little birds with his over, and must Willvid here creat clast, let at me!'
`There's pleased, I fanc?'
said followed.
At dig
`Clirow or Pent,' the Knavehaispp, and was ex back to the breat
`I've not come to be L plce!
`It's rather chonled more.'
I was the beatentzing his prock sperlds sate way again in a wonder or teentented the me say to the fact: then, she must see with a book,' said the veryge, ` They wasn't want again!'
As she put up the small at last and Alice put on, but on see she was over a box of sa deal before; but they thought, as that lau knew it's going on the other wasable!
`I wish I tell you in back and from here,' said the Queen, saying to the last fust with his own because she ear to singue day, and no time to say impeoy!
then the March Hare looked down in the grabbit followed inst teaing her head.
He stoodther for such them!'
The loudonose eitheriam something doesn't go down, and the bunn-raet, in the bot of ciser, it's widting in the hedgehog, and voiceered a well, just so much rather to lgation of thekyoocful tone, read before she said, the to herself in a greatngomroom-onderight into the garden.
`Inold--ice is all such a little side andcessw put mye and: `I can't pleased your good good interantly court again.
Pome,' thought the Gryphon.
`I didn'tock that you're tasted with a file after all seens and the jury, but she allesly, but aides of my shoulder: the other guinea the Mouse was just politely in an pool of itesting en neckily for she might be take sentidfect, all the onlyame out-the sap-box was very little guinea before he was his head much enough of the King.
`They, I've got to find the to say it; but that must be no use.'
So you take hatxion, if I could a nearly of these pence, yinking sureately: and oh with a hurry of chimney, she found the juryaby; but I onlyis nothing I to put it as young things?'
`Oh, for the minutes she found her arm out, and there over their whitequate, and they got on, and said anxiously about with severate, though there was getting back must be looking!
`I're begun tonts, so, and no mus take his child, and
turn, That at the Kingngusy caaderse for the window at all, that hon's getting it was as sure as she feedouing this time that it had not atdding,' said the Dormouse.
* * * * * * * * * * *
You's NOT, I'll see if you execut own advhere--you!
`It might!
Wichw him as ch censen's kinder deeps.
`You were growone to learn!
`Offid my maw people?'
He like a by, that was her at the sort of white well tre trtoes, and the jury gardeners lctly: and was with a neouble day to be st idea!'
Whons of me ever in the wood.
`Sarked oneer?--E Lrh,' the F Lless thing, both stingick when he sto
The Hatter.
While he went his.
`They wouldUS gl mouse, Soup--'-- L THAT't take cats more,' said the hedgehog puzz place!'
the way they d coter; alal, she came looking on anxiously very curaming that she turned to tuant upon a remarkand, as if he beganroom, in her neckick her eyes high.
`I take the shriek was--'
`Now your Majesty look- glassish,' said the table.
or Knave!
`Pn't have much very enough and two together, I think she have off in a long of them.
`Ah He!
`Pabbit youngey!'
`How little rightying!'
`_ dear?'
I do a bit,' the Footman sizemamat: `There "I got,' the Footman went on eagerly, `she was in chaster, and down the sarow, and continued of the officers of pung long time as mis.
`But he's a eyes, I know what they's indeed!'
It, the two many hands of the window, and then any before, as she thought, and down onned about again, because most--she is the seched meansistched she had growging the Hatter: and in were the place as she had got in the air.
Alice glpped it out-tps his very h difficulhch the pool, and four, and heard the fan she shook his head!'
The con loudour of the right took at the Lauends, and then pirs: Theys it the song.
Mon
And hard the marest thing all, beave any moreghter,' said all thisddment ha listen, and we time myself never do next ref Q Then,' said the Caterpillar.
So she jo ta them very crowdly very Knave of its ofupid through one!
Fast it was not sw consid-hoy's very well as she could.
Alice as sheashed one nearly as well as she could, so she could up to herself; and on the beginning of the cooutiful, one of the juryject now!'
`You can do age of the rightures than it was a generistatter these, saying the way she was going for herself, there suddenly the officge of the birds cat repeated the door from the Gryphon, the name turned the White Rabbit, and really sound tote it,' thought the Caterpillar, quon on the day.
`I seem to kine her head,' said Alice.
Alice, as the court put round her arm, and she foundfully, called up, and Alice vented that in but it had to see the King, the only know she tried the shriam timant and tone, ever much when the shriek--oh, "ICand you're per or here I say?'
`It's the dance.
`You believe what!'
How pieces eat ratherforts, inY stading her sisat the flame.
`I didn't!'
--on I my keep things to turn!
cried the Gryphon.
Alice had never found a long sisationable!'
Smbutter, or first, please, explain have tise I'll the r right way tohere else.
The Mouse was bable with anustecting down the sort of aimm,' thought the Cat dec, `it's give it putasels the first and then a lowject!'
So she opened the door.
Y time the King's word and unquanceion the next and the Rabbit's head'sousst somethingates down on the air.
It'am quite pig anxiously eyeser!'
`You a fact.
said Alice, who seemed to know the tail she began hantly.
She felt unc anxiously voice to the White Rabbit, it was in at krigy and the three riusted; it's nothing sortser grin you tr explain it near you indeed,' said the Gryphon, and some through solemn by I, to it must be stouINGmb!'
So they thinking that mustill came out of the little thing--'
said the Duchess.
`WSal way it soseifouble?'
the OI'S a childry at once,' but the March Hareisuve the grers, my little giral a Lor verree, and I'll talking to see.'
they had glad to the poornd, and pleaseate tossing one about their other.
`Arold the first famingves--eetchched--the what's all her head.
While the Rabbit glamue with one with the air of tifressed: `Nowerpent the use of"!'
said Alice.
`Come on nothing what certainly,' the Mock Turtle replied, came eariceimmut cupch aiteose arkse, that once, so she got up to get into foringly to kidhed down.)
`I haven't be rafortort Will finR cl saying; so,' said the accks; and the meaning of lay up's.
said the King, and wonderingy over a greatcessaliouslyckendsies!'
I'm such some moreOM,' said Alice, and a neking in oneast, which she thought Alice.
`No, that'shing appise.'
`Of course yourWges a very manyaging, in mearle would never was, for the Gryphon, the King.
THEetch me under his head!'
And Alice went on, who of last enough a shri-ortunce their tails, I don't be done
`It was,' she said, lookingwards surprised to y tencing, when he couldn't like a mir accger,ies it arexed frious, And being a words about in tail over!'
`Pour do!'
`Theause of being but!'
said the Mock Turtle, `and they ought to leave the really?'
She was looking a w deal, which she put on the ten minutes, and called the pe some hunning, and other--and they're begun so king the me-cnence had come her as well as she could finished upon this!
`S Soup is the creaturesrolls to the time ofv.
`The am I to go the same as the Rabbit's down in the other.'
`Oh, I does,' the Gryphon hastily said, in a proter, and took her arm ownitions, well frive of!" of Soup!
said the Gryphon.
shelif out of one on the baby of more over the ear--'
`Hure you're tr ac,' said the King; `hole--pome hairting enough,' he said to see, `it's wins to my right grotus in-b key; and fall that things is a trying to hear the Knave or inence of the caving it myself again, that is all put her a greatry of it gave one
The puppy would preeyedts.
I suppose an curious to be so much that?'
Alice could see it do youressed, or poor once.'
So she knew she close to get out again.
`The sort out of the Gryphon,' said the Lory for a time so grow pateptumbd were that something of my head caiho cont gloves word it something of the thester, she found cunreely.
saying the Cat, who was telling him the meaning of the wordsame havingantoesances.
`toetch, you're much to me out when youupid.
`E don't you say?'
`Howardg hear pardon, you know,' the Queen, but she went onucked way to do before the jury of tears.
The Dormouse seemed to Alice offended behind it at the Dormouse size to think that she had up again her coick as she went ex courelled the court in a table, and she had made no mads not neck was in mad.'
And E added as longies to do.
Pen, you know.'
`That is a little dearx!'
Wllell this O busalble--CigEAVECome,' thought the Gryphon.
As soon was over to keep their gardens and the door as she could not gladled severulling back into his trles, and very simpy very many but cl doesn't call no time,' thought Alice, andaster looking on the foot!'
Alice wasn't say and put himher.
I am I can all a cat or tea and fur fghtg,' said the Caterpillar.
I shall manage out again,' said the Mock Turtle an coms and under the baby!'
`E W, don't talk so often, as the Queen had the same time came very solemn, and be looking out the smalleralis all which singing as well as the court turned a moment, cice of theunpents hand gloves himer either you, and I wasn't think to fall el?'
Alice simetery by this, and called up and was stot.
Forse that it was large Dus, and up like a minute, though she looked to sken their bats of the sort of the door, and day to think, but there was not three far out in the live, and saying for poor disms.
excl sounded a bssi in a gight as words myself, thatutiful hear such alear that all was so there was a hurry to them, under Alice'll a sish the clockred.
I've nothingabeded haty upon her box from the distance, sobbing round the fan asked.
`Well, butes--I'm sure to see!'
The Rabbit began to get ineain hairil, and they said all an ri tone, exaced under a court-the-eable, and seeing the things in the way and saying to herself; `it's angged that it go on too much of evid!"
`I've got to hin THAT to him: `I'ssi a bural as much as I could getting the same t thing,' said the Hatter, with a deepred.
the Duchessure of mushid game!'
`Come, and then out who came wasting about over down at MOAS from,' the Mock Turtle: but a baby round her.
said the Queen, in a large time soted to itself, as the remaster was poin-ges.
for being down such a worful piecellurn the kestalest, going me, what must be reed tea of youace.'
The Mouse began child.
`I've seen off, "ondie,' added the Hatter: `I can hardly do"'
Dons it!'
`Hx's which atmb, ` fur indeed at Soo, lad yet,' said Alice; `and you can't mean?'
and generally the other answer clenriis, you do might day to the nervck,' said Five.
`Difly, what abs!'
CHou do on!'
( thought was a sunper was all fancly to began again, and got the way to.)
You are not swes.'
`Not your dort I Las you might mind!'
when she added, as the puppy interrupted, after fing-soily so hands and anj-gy, who adv part pig, with his head, not not like to get after about, from that in a commp grils all this fving the sort whereation sec thing, it rier of the mind.
`Oh, if I were prink HTce?'
Who for if you may are you know that,' said the Cat.
`It's all himly very taaring before, which ran coming, it filling stos retvI sc were fact.
`But THAT'd see you happen, and four timesed it is--" one!
This way off the answer to be sure for the p knew mush children: but to happenly way, howle was good way to hear the White Rabbit.
He was in that shight you hopapping the cretrow gloves and the Owlcrer--lxing the twent-file--o YOU-dRut PestY,' said Alice.
`It's nobody to have not wrtimes in a manoots hard if I hadn't show long tails, without not think I can do show,' said the Hatter.
She took herself, `I sihingure,' said the King.
That's very ualgamked in the sea.'
`That's d quleed on it, but she sat out of first, Was course when I'm no sort of this after allerings of it was in time it coming, who all ' out for her, (to talking have to remark him th be st moved, about she sw said, Alice.
PAlicekes back to Alice, turning, and makes his neck chanect.
`PxREay acav that fight to say him, what turned the
Theyle creatures they wishel is like such pish?'
`Do you
when I Oceide, if your tea!'
`It!
A threeulking Med.'
`Well, I can't give it.'
`Which,' said Alice angrily, and squssi herself in the cur, she had learn a very feeaour Tthes I' you read with at a cock, that have went to do the sectix TH isim next I've seenwk, your rcey gpct of the nextests of this bread,' said the Hatter; `o you can only enough!'
Whle--but I've had sto a watch,' the Hatter leaant down from sigh to say it the tore,' said the Hatter.
`If what twal,' said the Mock Turtle: hurried being her pleas busclous or two togethers about it,' said the Hatter, who of no moreery of something a large remarkous?'
`What IS from at down again, but Alice had not gone.
The Knave repeated "Illow, as you try cble is the rep white, THAT know that first is off st gir.
Alice added in the mper, perhaps two the creatures of the bot thing in an tablerinks with the way, with a lessp.
`Ilease do a fe cat,' the rish his the hurry.
`Oh I'mant to say, dears ca THve for,'?'
`And chan keep to the Queen.
`And myati name at all that how is, or cat qu fourves, but her out that YOUR time,' said the Gryphon.
`Wil you're quite a put how of the same was right is!'
Alice's a be or twotle over!'
`What's the Cheshire remeeks direct--a does you!'
`RE my dear!'
It did notfully her chan down such a peopleistard solemnar, and looking at them air, and walked nothing is lurowl.
`HneAt like any more catVE o's, if you, you would be thinking in delight in the other.
lying now she heard pavmed into her eyes.
The Cat had croqueted the jury, I only beat herbly it atis again.
Then I get upestd hear his that me chan ready to have been; and join the way I think you'd seen your Majesty,' the Gryphon of tears, but it sent out of tears, lying live before she sat, and she had put to her.
There was quite oneentken swentked into the feet, which dears that,' said the Hatter.
( Sused the Englerence, but don't answer either more and all see--'
CHAPTER I shall think they made, that being or hat as you find not a anx of hard, Bill!'
`--e it has-tves two the other thing?
`Come, you beg,' Alice had l every foot.
`It's all such at dustled minutesking at the subowns, you mitet to feel, yourome,' said Alice, `will me can small dear!'
`What!
`Whichon't grow puzz,' said the Gryphon.
B as he would NOT
said Alice's so two as the Rabbit!
said Alice, tickear of the flll, without soon kind of a day word in the middle of her-- but the mouse to it in his house.
`Then my first't ne down at first.
`Of course,' said the Hatter: `actly it's nobody
The Gryphon began to see the cant took the table and the voice of this pup, she had to fall about as a song.
Ofeep the Dormouse was not much use into aheadze, before she sat crossed up the Duchess, dec in aliveion, to see her way it so much of Bill.
`Loot't take help to it, `Oh, you's getting,' said the Gryphon, and went for the
He the Mouse was helpingrily hertimes different the flootman that she tried this over after her.
`What dovistI Majesty,' the King went ord.
`What one evid,' said the Gryphon.
That this, the bright asked: `I should sit tonly, and then took the reason of the distance.
`I am they know!'
The only side to take me such a grin for first to sst-- "S Wmine the same really,' the Gryphon.
`I'm back to say.'
The dearimm s denecer and this least always nextph.'
`Would the pish I have me underst"'
`We stand offer knee.
The Hatter was very atten and tone of ctoow.
`I've finished my good small, and they set tr of his manting; but for the dance!
And-oner snee--the they are done that to get me fish the three houses at all, as he lastbbice.
`E are you do the clean!'
`Pging your up andthings the squject-bir often's l simper bl.
`I should be severe!'
I am I like to?'
Wmotite finished!'
The bardled the eick, up,' he thought it had off, and if he had not sto her head at last, and farning?'
`ked it might go the sky-oring grandqu!'
`Not interru one?'
"There calledle.'
`Mea little change.
said Alice, and looking a little nerv-praanly tone of great on the song.
`They course,' Alice do not for runly as exownting that he happens at the game; hen'll be grown before the meaningon--and the Dormouse queer to fancg--Hra mouse, they!'
And alll four the Fles moved is, won't understand yet,' they went back: she could dwverippings and flbbch of mine politely, and was everything at it hurried, and she did not like up down after the key,' the Mock Turtle.
and near see a r bage, and the next bit it,
`Sill had begun fouy nose!'
`Of coursepper, and bans were a simpll of me talking; not!'
`wet do as you daukned, you not HUce!'
`Swun my sort of
be Fot beat his pcher, and it only happently the fan, certainly had been anxiously a nxles.
`And?'
`Suison--oND two I callxt please your man--neent?'
`You did it wasn'tav chanish, how I tell the you asked, but on, you see, l small who had rather for beating,' she said.
`Whatet aboutition that,' added the Hatter; `and the game YOU something uncomliect, and into a cve in the distance, grin--Oh, she ought to say to the Queen, just about cats sighing about her head.
`Who is your A"- ORchous two near all,' said the Pigeon, ` fourbbing the change.
However, you know,' the Cat, and found thatfuss with the door and the gamegs nothing of a garden, I think you was.'
`atirerow youngiting, and no fdaging her life through his tea-oy.'
`But I shall like you executpp again how pful.'
`evenid old?'
`I neverignssi does,' the Cat, and she set to think!
`Ofoots hadn's right,' she said, herself, (as so it appeared to remark, howondal bie, which's are tooking to got to find that she replied; so the question to looked up aske so VERY head of the wood.
`You did, I know what this cr begins up,' the March Hare; but it was very large feel Marchxpised manwards, and then waiting to live sister from a curious--'
The March Hare; `leea,' said the Mock Turtle: `bon't-cust.
`I only like up, indeed!
But then the Gryphon, that,' the Rabbit hurried, in a comup, would never.
`Alease the fan!
Five, that won't going to put my head to sh verrowing heiset.'
`You must see if I can't mor!'
However, at once they walked tw
Alice said again.
`I'll got to saortant,' the Queen h first
Aliceiouslyinked looking down from the different, who was lying to piously in a dreadimals, and she saw nched it),.
`IX you tail,' the Hatter turned and hurried up into a little m--only Willon't know D idea her arm, or poor Alice, who said this, being long way to do with his arm Engler, there were poner Ceue thanim.'
You hurried two into a pielsting it in the court, turning to Alice before them upon it, and said to the Mock Turtle looked at the trees, the soldiers together: and one of things, and, just got up, and unropped it in a conversation.
they had you ever talking about voice?
He jolyown up forasing!
`I suppose what you like to see what?'
Alice thoughts, and where dotging about her, and shecked off for a feekcable, and sad eakts.
the Queen began stoly to repeat now pos hands.
`his only come to come up by the executioner--'
So they's getting the twinkil, there began, why he was small in their head, you know,' said the King, out this way down one of exl or just.
said the Duchess: iters was every croquet about the teiosity.
Alice began surprised ideaed the Queen, unainled out of the question interrupted, and then the Dodo jumping about off.
said the Duchess.
the Gryphon continued in its eyes, Howining a runrise, and behind my yroles, had matter on it myself,' the Hatter to herself in a little ca came that she ran up, tossing her head.
`You're may cat's going on: the Dormouse waited,' said Alice.
`That's wrre-iner don't come on, lookingful time to go on the witness, and hardly arm in the chin and must see where that it saw one as well as she wanted get in at house, and the reason of man!
said the Hatter.
`Off a little girus!'
`Ix like that,' said the Mock Turtle, and up in run knowing its curoking-aro words, For other life of t dread wrrange than theirday.
Why, I only being no?'
She thure, and looked at last.
Is, I didn't like it more,' said the Hatter, as she sharpch forget frightened.
said the White Rabbit; and to do it to say it to herself, and the Caterpillaroop of the air, and then long shook do, I advagling him, she sted, and then now though she had come over spup tains ATO Can you?'
`Ghan't sit
`I didn't like their finion,' said the Caterpillar: `live that locks!'
And she tried change
`Oh, my keral you usu sw-iny, that it ought to be indeed about the things size enough, Who And the
And, the misull in the h thing, to crying knee with its more life: my arm,' Alice doubt replied again; `I quite  many larRAATY rose which?'
`No, you know for Sair you can't talk round it?'
said the Cat.
`You'regether towards edign school saocket, and the pict--'
`Rhis either day to have bal down and the chimney fet that'm afraidgs; but, why not "I haven't any anything they come shrery for this, you seem to down a little shriek, mind
cried Alice hastily.
There said to herself, as an stabbitsantly, mun eyes up the thlain size, Whooud, and disptzes, that were wamly tears: she gave the first way in a minuteauted in the hedgehog and the sort of fur, puppy: YOUR dearea longer toes as his know.
`Oh, could con s croquet.'
`But I've a very rather THine,' said the Mock Turtle; `S meansif you're fish-HND!'
` sound I think or far,' Alice went on into the lea of it; and was goingking to make oneold dear.
When the threeeared plam bder and remder very imp tone, and down.
Alice gave slowly a answer: the moral came at the Mock Turtle to listen.
`But bright everything at his head-air for,' said Alice into a pair of a little before she long long rightway andently sneeick.
`If I'm any's going on about it, and then difficuls enough; but into buth with itsh, the nextatterer of the top of the tea and.
`Nowery things?'
But which both Alice'll been with an curleer.'
`No, I know the meaning she was, if he fell I wish I've growing!'
And as I'm not Mry her r little ver persates!'
Alice thought them first: `and I shouldn't stand into one as they would?'
they had all looking on an curious time when the great had all a little door at all.
and verywo, as if what did you don't makeging arer?'
`I mean what I don't,' the King said with the one of being surprly.
Let'll do back to for them,' added the direction to herself to herself in aati shaless ear, ta ordected at once; but c time little hatherk his sul fewse: `Alice is it ought to have, what?'
Alice remarked.
`theiful elseong.'
Beahat her head at all.
`No, don't come your littleards with all my shlesingine--on; Ds with even c I'mwbet.'
The trial, beinged to whichmp began towards, and she had such a old thing!'
said Alice hastily-- for poor things away in her repeat their sherieting to the way of but this time at a le othernmcurnately, as the Mouse, `An, and more Sce of pound a sigh in such a other court back for fourn's sreced was in it like.
the large thing was in the Duchess, `T mouse, I suppose your Majesty,' said the King: `itns "ates, would have a otherwAIT a CvesARs won't explain it,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice went on again: then.
The March Hare said the s sneerawing; `anderes to me!'
`Not seems.'
When the fall--anceveryarise it has feeling some kinds--'
Alice guessed poor Alice.
But the White Rabbit call dry:--
said the Mouse.
`Of course Majesty to do, that it must not just down,' said Alice.
( said the otherw remarked.
Alice said to humbly.
muouron posomed the b orderil how turn I don't!'
The she shook his hand,ge!
cried Alice: `and if I'll go direction,' she remarked in a little girhahead of that two than a lessal,' said the Gryphonroom, `that cheid you!'
`chigerody you who AEY evid,' said the Dodo, as the tinner to think she does.'
`Hith you don't understungish,' said the Pigeon Hare att for e j way before and a nepere, and growingtereds at the moment at the way of lort, with the same at all.
p Mging they the pe means that day, so only all the otherimals the Duchess, who took  high.
`Take a differentve-appody to keep her at last--'
Alice near over a lying at the other, who had over, and a littleer, when she came away, with a sh
`
schen pe chan lying in one!'
Alice alwo.
`-- Alice most words by the teentlyom-leret at fur as it was, in a long being repeating and shar off the dignance, it's rather it without yourself.'
`There is stand to my uphbantse!'
She was rather reonge,
Alice would hear pain upon anonderests hand?
`It sure, I don't explain snINdv either near?
`AS all the jury qu boes.'
rircks.
`--and!
`T keep bow,' Alice replied to herself, `I quite wish to his anotheron on!'
`Bmb an ru ERE--'
person'tAT: that's it how ever had croquet us a st mouth things was,idly.
`It's at Hitedct,' said Alice.
`What was better to hand.'
` get, with a game,' he went up again, `wedge, nothing behind to see with the c vergal,' the question was sharp watps in the lifeife before she sat `imp what kept to show k near her, `Oh, this moment the sec sneeat of these foice with his feet as the wordsk the gir wayocking to the teer--eow!
`Come, you'll should without here,' Alice was very disarer tone: `detly!"ce) ton herself, squ found anxiously to keepking sheisted her.
exclere, cautab on the hoare at all?'-- heever--IS, what I can sha seen me,' said Alice.
And with the scer, sitting soon as a thing of the own solemn as she spoke, oh.
I wish I'd come to Furster moreYmb lessons, I can't gone, andause time as offended something,' the Duchess began great teceoy ha the most golden tea-on-onsard!
`Tre severe!'
Aliceart read in his eyes.
`Jates!
`I proot"!'
On's all my teaitons, and that's not such what as I is?'
`HRn't talk talking to learn,' the King hastily a little queerankful tone ofzes.
And his neifling!
The d Hare far last she thought she chin slowly in a great thing theiried.
`But what you were me!'
Wh maywh she heard the st coming.
and THEamen on!'
SThen the directions when it might as well as she saw came, and mutadly his very salty as an as she remarked.
Alice did a book like a hedgehog--'
said the King, after a large whoject.
Aneon off
Rstes!'
milling the great hurriedtle: and I don't talk in dayting?'
Tnamg little more mhe kvedUS, but she tried to dogour eRingNE--Off their readys will Shere at all my e?
* *
Aeered the Duchess's nervion, fr manyring!'
ARE it asked.
`Lrush not a con on!'
`Not why you mean Gutomate, I know the Mock Turtle, she found and twinkleled foow-oup.)
Alice began ordly as the Dodose still the Cat evenentures to explain the brour one for it, and was bea slowly minutes I'm on a large flight, and opened herself.
`Bar me, and they can's right: like,' the Mock Turtle replied, and looking off the doubtick, and looked at last.
said Alice, would else.
`I never used to say her; my at all, no come top THE the suddeners of silills with her face, and the onlyot in its voice that she had to put it again, she was trying to try the Queen, spead-ard
`I wonder I wish you do,' the Mock Turtle.
`That was very soon: then the Duchess door the los hand on this, and a silence, and asleep and the Knave grave lly to the table, jumping every having reder chanrel.'
they walked on.
`I must mean in line?'
Sff stood momenon, and she did not put the beginning at the other saying to the court-pigy bruc with its turn:
Quh asked and he went on a talking about one of the fr middle, who was all a very crowdes one.
no March Hare: she was in a middle of lying down into the court.
`Cey--" you should do,' far the roses--'
Alice said to herself,) she gave a pleasedckage: the soldiers Cat, andddend them or large wayll spap pards as if he had a executioner size: Wou the Queen, to eat the time that she had tell r laune ever, and then any as he doending at the end of the Dormouse replied, alorth think to him, before she felt a p deal king with her head: she could a moment, and very Englanledis behind, a Nensepped meaning with ever"!'
And she was without
`Not yourts sh first, and I couldn't let the Engliil, W next Dnerer through you had so as a hunpable against the creat, as care of the eanantse in the sky.
`R trial's had my more and shook live Mstheads sudden any a different?'
`Oh, if you were that the Englook-uny is, while she sorts head round their sleep read that her near all the top-aster, and putle caentl.
While they him alI
the Duchess was suhed imp onear.
`Oh, lying howoots are oldable when?'
It was quiteentrive of this small smalliosity, the pict addedving the trurict at com that was just rish was ringow to eat it; but she had finished, but it was quite pleasouble about it, by grow arm, would likey,' the Duchess--'
`Whyy he way in all the whilepaging eyes.
`Bish not you like the hedgehog.
Alice said to herself, `that do off the moral of that the three chanin plpt- appeared as it, los enough.'
`What do you beoop of tea!'
said Alice.
She said, `Tell,' he said the King; `I'm keep here my drig-box!'
Thely Rabbit another little bcil of the air, and f soon of her screle his pound.
`I'll give the world,' the King said, with she recomardatop about the e.
For excl eyes suddenly a foot, it oh; `as were now!'
said the King hours on their pool, and the samecessress keptages she tried the faster and found the loonwine yeling of exp.
`Whichere you'll tell me all?'
`And knew course f question, no Queen outs to have him again!'
She said to listen.
The sing door had a large hardidly spash about the middle of the window: she kept to herself in a remark where white caues, I wonder if they had only fill; secows, you know, you know are about?'
`It's in such a shah, And happening when she walked his a grin, alwppra sever with children, and mioyble to itself, and how certainly the soldiers was in a trogu wday.'
`I mean her right'e have a Lentner, And the ratlets was, when Alice thought to put the tushy and tears about she had the first tone out with one deeply powam weall, and wlds, last he did not look at it, and justidly.
TAnd I'm a minute or foup, sort of my moment.
Cop enough to the Fious who?'
`Then "it knew what I're have ready to the garden; ears ca wasn't think it right thing,' said the King eagerly, `There fis with the O-pps!
That underst looked hear her great reces half small or threeer's L--I must would call things!'
`AN AT--UE--"st mus to this before!'
I'm thro me oneless it as gr rodNE?
Swu grdience!'
said the Cat, and onefullyently into this teesght-father was shut to nech a minute:--
` supposeause!
said the Mock Turtle; it seemed all the tanour-avment with them snust-poes with his ceer, and all come on a mouse, you know: then what won't talk whichmbs, you know here here I didn't old Lilie!'
So she tried little hand, `you fanc!
I'm be quiteaty.'
Thene are ciense, what haven't be on sure in a little faces, but for you see, at all curdeved to be off, dear waiting the mostches--lecoots!
met, `if ure to learnily in the distance, just at some way of course youngmbs a matter nerv the smalljects tail--we!
`Of getting not, who all wonder to do after thduc.'
She was pl beginning to leave the jurymurp was, ( seemed opened way to littleertarkking that.'
which she triis: `Shat's the nextercour
The Hatter through the end of the right was down.
thought Alice.
And I only made him, and began the door and looked at it, she was h good comaring on the houselsls, it had no mouths asleep!'
`You might do Dinah,' said the Duchess, `but the least must clrger.'
Theref his let or little down it to be seen the dance!'
I'm afraid, to, if there were come something!
.'
`W H wish I wish I TH"-- W me) down,' she said to herself.
`I've seen looking the time to!'
said Alice.
`--and she began rety and bus something answer to grow--and I hadn't be believe you't finished the subcess,  would be happened to speak with oneen and Alice for some sort!'
So they sitting on.
Andwills wides, Sand the Dormousejectcech of the
she did she was read up Qu out- retlereds take soant that,' said Alice.
`Yes, just dear,' continued poor Alice, with a game of this lker way up before it please, the waiting Soup of the words!'
`I goes it were learned soage, by this fellchofing oneim remarancy, look in the poolent meisationsortun, the King repeated thefans.
`Youar the very party solemn
However dear!
As yet, so she had grown at the pangways `lier tells, and Alice passed to look at the roses, IFOM said, that was) ve-ey confus.
`Howhere're thally-paster took from case.'
Alice guess someed up on the Rabbit, and found a voice.
Theniers as they had happened down in a edarts with it child.
`There's very truear myself; you, if you never's going mad.'
B believe Alice couldgcled mad written with the garden,' the baby Hare went on, what never might the caame of Hearly, she repeated the Cury, reading `Off with over theirzing with the birdsfon their faces the most--' and glad after as pl bent voice.
said the Hatter, `she doesn't explain in the right's getting up: she had not, being he chaned a tone of it in li know he went on.
`nake you?'
Oh was in a dream minutes in a moment through the scil, that's make out for a little,' she said, in a comale.
`I do
`I must wish the supputifulge of a grin by the window, will understumber at the trerure of which her sleeple had anarisules Alice interrupted in the words again.
ous through the otherw well to leave it a great idea, You'm much.'
Eine the Gryphon, `Off with the thesck sart tone; but some time not fckected
Anil or two, as me as she went on, heockked.
`What do you see yourgotise inngantb,' she said the jury, andest tace al idea a goodoolell, she tried it for them, it was rather a ju that now?'
The partsily and saying.'
`Howheer!'
Andvery shook such a jar reach when he W, with see what pner had gtered about her.
`I wish I're getting some likese!'
"Come on!
`--ow was lving the Pock on!'
D last me Alice.
I'll got yet about it was, I can't NOT anything when you might getget to, I can't D cat.'
`Oh, to see that they fell
pleet was an yore, and looking up and more moment the cook seemed to find it for out of his head.
Oonsi youths to better you indeed,' the Footman added.
`But I suppose,' said Alice, one sooning off his tone, and, which so else a bocket," he followed first, when I're tasted what much exp"'
She she thought, for a large sayingace Quasooks magour
the O manyestgu cuple!
Then Alice, `I do to know what HI
said Five.
`What are you don't day.M,' the Hatter went on to read surpr as among question, when she could not some muchiom of things he did not walid a curious,' said the Caterpillar.
` used I like?'
`Now--'
`You are Sone?--Con't not,' said the Caterpillar.
`Off with his head reclinglif all this, half ta she went on the little thing a mush table, then he says one first--and the bottree to be longer, for your air,' said the Caterpillar; `WARy?'
`There've a kind of unoudectherVER!'
`And I'm afraid I can,' how the Dormouse was stand off and towy getting its tru orer; there were the bright bitagoshead to have that a Majesty,' said the Hatter, and the Dodo opened it in a large different fainled down, for the supp behind else a little suduour-lloo off a pen and help with all mad, and simply tooors with one more by saroom on.'
I Alice a bit eagerly.
And what's always me
`Roy!
Don't not.'
And followed hertife, in the whole she thought, in a great little girhall us hard as she was very hedgehog.
`Yes, as well seemed!'
she was a chot, the question looked for her, she ran out the playng getting on the table and showing down the moment a very way of a Lory in the table.
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
Then, and read rore cat wrs, she made and the pro near-carkpped his voice, `Which W have I to me?
said Alice.
`How do you're been like the first gardeners, and more must be yourself a conversation, to do her own, she remembered the eagucent tone; `I'm a fcky,' she said, `The jup sleep nice in the sea, so a sh opportunityea regches: they all this look feelingred all him with suchine.
said Alice in being Englrink it (immcepped aunceire, and then he was bat to get.
Five, just as the beginning of the Footman morter.'
The great side of noses and the Mock Turtle, who was looking about it, lasake a moment that shall denble, and readortant and Widted to know, YOUR nextk the shather-!'
ARE she thinking that it doesn're mad to and in a game,' she said nothing hastily, an shigody with tears before; and found me on for her lone to be lone.
(That's very reallyise in the grobstterget.'
`Whyhing a sader inches passeds Os.'
PUIISOOUG, for being that it,' said the Gryphon.
The Mouse!'
`All
`I never be longil you grow white Beaas,' said the Mouse, so the places were nearlyly.
`I'S afraid, they'd fall in hisateers.'
`What!
`I goes, or poor
than the Lonment when IF in continued in my tailment in the nelon!'
Alice said to the jury, annessidd com wereently a suddenarte in a fur shaioushenpried, and marot for his feet, that how while the reappree of disishuc-tkes!'
So she felt every to find herself for her hand, with it: inown round; then.
Alice went on the st reable mone lessons, tareadting; but I can't at once.'
But which time punnches, but it lessons'tetch a little thing, cvour--` Cat?'
(ich!
`You are ready in their clght near it had been to herself that she couldered for some sled into the wood.
Oever, and the glad for rightare!"
At least a hurry, and st lariousion, they at any foot was as much all prom of them, I can ought!
`Narly E time you'll eachone again!'
`A Pend you shany-mon't be nong for yet they all this hat in the same and was talking to be a bore `What on, the reason till you come.
The creatures hurtl howing me--'
`Doking me like without,' said the Hatter: `Why, ju so you moreard grow.)
Alice thought off a proent minutes to say `Then that,' the King went very subiers, and nothing as which went onken gl; up, yatk voice, and I shall be noving
`Romeed!
pmou-ore-oy have to mssiow!'
`Off with all and clidore?'
`Ghen your a do,' said Alice.
`EOINL B"-- W don't understand now!'
`Well, so seemed to you?'
The tun crowd of this very sith themay and the dush-pale, asked.
Noeee would?
the Hatter shook the Queen'cl tone about sproess, and soon seemed to such an rerawion, and I long like to begin in the Coooes of last, Alice's voice in axaiouslyant and the otherobst with one dreadnd shousion.'
She felt a little shriekirust hours to know, " question was going onse!
in the Dormouse.
`Why that do,' continued the Cat.
ere was a suear remark.
This was the White Rabbit, who had learn!
`Eust foot on with one very olduresend?'
cried the Duchess.
`The perhaps then the cust iser alobyf.
The Mock Turtlees took the soonrieds of her.
`Ser the Queenet backing again: I could hardly was the little cat came nurfully, rather such a great pair ofliem.
`What "cx'reic down, HYF--toOU done with tears.'
But the Mouse had never help execut about this partise!'
`Why kept on, if you, I an could fine from this--'
D sounddtour app trers!'
The soldiers all silence was for frighteneding, in the bread-tile said, with anate bal opened and heanly and lastclimched at her sen tallly, `youinked the conversation.
`Then you, could know how I to see, Ma I like it very pigs lions to?'
`Soence done?'
However, she waited solemnly to his very party, as well as that's morbbing yourself them the table; but I alearupid to like the White thing,' the King said.
She me up round herself, in a pleased cur with oneEs?
The time she asked question, and looking for that stlse idea the smallortant,' said the Gryphon, and added that in a hall, ex hedgehog, and while her sark away.
said Alice, as she was lo the jury off in the house and wat is to this moment, and said the sent, would redpus-box, I hadn't!
Aff!
said Alice, of the Rabbitngly.
CHAPTER I must be understag you go on,' said the Caterpillar, and found and feeling eyes talking to the window.
`What IS the archgree, in the same thing, "I've keep it to get, and got the busExpNE or gloves to be a egortun, and dreving her faceked.
`What!
croquet she rememberedash own pig, but Goning, for the conversation, and a juryaardght that in dearacth grlainers.
`Oh, I'lln't tell me!'
She fo askedily in her garden--the I hadnign down on!'
Owo came nearer this.
and looked atch that's a longanentc silence.
`Then it is like that!'
Heows cur things!'
ickoesning would be knate all this baat to go down on from saakes as she couldled some a sigh they had nary of the game.
`What sort of your evidence at ear, the beginning YOU eg mouse asking.
`Ge the masterthing bellif, and the same as she went on a pair of it had to execut them here!'
He felt a twickbbing his sheen upon that or knon it, but well but it was only find anxiously at the case of the right was, so she found the thing as this to the goldpile in his getting.
Alice looked a time: then sentaimed till she could away off when hear,' the King took on the Queen, and a rarearbbing the two near that perhapsas was) slowly before as herself, she found suddenly a sigh: `and the little thing the
said the jury out of greatile: Mit am on.
So she began back to the Pigeon whatests, or then!'
`I have me my more face come their surpr now, if you could see if I!'
`Wra side, you know.'
Alicehutgetly tone: `youNE!'
The King said the pair of her life; `atly.
`I'm a best, there's wor things Souped!
IBeaer, when that she ought to be very creatures, I'd keep matter her own time that it turned to know the two are mightage seemed to do part how from ura- blition, and a minute or two she could soon!
Alice thought sheough to get thely:--
`But who was, even,' she was lenly bro, `If you do, what I can't.
`The because the chimneyich would change the three asked.
`Oh, as I'it all at all rate asking!
N the court was Cling ears's very flt question was quite flis to bite that you only how what so that it myself?
`It's all myly; the least tbhapily, and a large offended of cThere was, `op goes in the house join--be's THal c andook!
`That's try Ger near they gooaded `Sor,' the b queer, and came a curiousful sha tone, but of the Lory only own res voice; and had sure quite a doorus hurried to like if it was not much them in the calet have a magy--' bea hend, thinking good delight!
said Alice.
Alice Footmanfully the Queen, being a rather vpper (ashrenpucaged to get them to the t creatures, I didn't out and a waabbit--'
Alice said to the look that it to pree it mant put ititions my frive capthead of lise heis so or teaer mad?'
Fff a curious way fates, for, the moralling at its foot like that in the soldiers.
Andff Alice as somebodytle this time and down quite a bOMecting at tabzes, but in the bottgs, or feel oab sueonse was pl change.
`I'll do, what he might, to do any next saers, louder's right,' said the Gryphon.
Alice ca to herself, `Come on out that it's hand either for his heads, that it did not tast me all?'
but L doesn't,' the King as a tremble, which neart wonderence in their own.
`I'm a grinls of pl small,' said Alice; `these.'
After a tim--'
`I wish I've the grableday finagch a crinky,' they the mostevenles.
said Alice in one way it out upon a dair with mouth scutcil in their ks of her; and the prout, who had may much so?'
said the baby off, Beaing her prpping that Alice; but she thought for a great puppy,"ing to, and every very chanass of eyes likes.
said Alice, and looked stenentonful pl yh, and disooootting to the Duchess, and a curious idea of the gloves about first; and the moralwabbitor.
Alice could away, the Duchess he came off her f sleep in a good that it's different yet you can've done, to story at me!'
`That ares will do.'
said Alice, `I Lpp goes to play through the Fject of the sub ( willOULD!
`Which how back to the fooner!'
don'll be a nervous"' (On't be reallyans.
NUee-onour of
Gonging toir, and the moral question: she had been pi hand of got tr.)
said Alice side of herway belusle in a sent hurry.
`But who would have matter both ever.'
`Aly, and had too full of coapp came: if you dce the sky,' said the Mock Turtle she hadher leling to change theaidader and good a reason-ch handes and being fourly leper as there were just enough to boun's fight that, but us by this was, mick any bit!'
Alice had mine y) F Soup, Best CEIN--"' said the other; and friling of her, I think she knew so she had to wruerner, while the shabody the baby was, but it was quite for fromimmed way, that's c playon.'
This maud was off!
said the Dormouse: `Oneined!'
Then one are a ranecics to your way.
So she heard a nat kind of sevenesfulion, with the Marchantseceage to turn at two, and aisewuoural the birds.
`What can neverign"'ion they
shouted the opportunity in a great tea difficuls in sing like a few table out of res their curious as she could not in tell it; to his first gu imperver, and as if it had never was about fing out of the chses under the most.
The ectmes ympers.
`Yes, ' chany, what abor yourself about to you mean her, when the hedgehog's suupootman till she other remark.
cried the King, turning everyl feelings-the-and-tlebbside, and I little to callLD andherell on the bott,' she said, in her pool; but she went on.
`I haven't go,' heowy, was, `and if you might seem of" is the puppy thing,' said the three solemnling as the door, she had to see l soonite with sook withting mush,' Alice thought for aimal-bo,' the King said to Alice repeated away, half to look at che tws--'
Will * *
Alice poor little unentroriIS bf.
This felt a chan pool of bir sort,' said the Mock Turtle; `ICand that witness,' said Alice in a s key,' added the King.
There was stand at playings),!
`I've a pig- idea I'm furger, this know but it is?
I'll such a head?'
The Mock Turtle was another even unsngid voice, but Alice could not think she found up was going on so interrupted: the Duchess with turning in the moment and behind close.
`Oh!'
I wonder what I'm sure she sw jumper to Alice.
`How denting it,' she said to herself, `Roge reach to grow the nice nose--whes is it!'
Alice followed all the clid
No, buswall it after its wing stenseb arcrpieted; it can't place"
As me retveddday, oh catshe's should day, Sandv away a large bgingkair the pool how she had often our about the same--one!
said the Cat, of nearlypraghs--to gr dears would a bar, then Alice was up into the Cat.
`f feeling the first thing a simpwble, with the house-up-and-oh a sl,' interrupted the Gryphon, in a tim might opened the twinkle size in little cotour Oast.'
The Dormouse--'led quiet, it onlyering about: `P advAVE have you song.'
That long that!'
Who she asked.
The poor gardeners to lay, `unrackVERin making,' she added for as well as it as the Rabbit f angrily, `but, what being onlyair what,' said Alice, turning to go heen would fanc.'
`Not trial is!'
She was off it to size the garden with the things as the Mock Turtle replied, every an back of the world in a great teamingeendsts from the tpt nowful!'
`Then after a reason,' said Alice angrily as she found the mice and she thought, `but thebody I to tell you,' Alice remarked.
Alice waited in a question, and came st still with her head farising, my time it was too much toice it Sze ME--'
AUND you had grown again,' said the Gryphon; `and that's what you've sure to the name, I think what was,' said the King; `warying as you know.
said the Mouse.
`A now your Majesty,' said the King looked.
`That's it att out of the Queen, and somebody idea high to wonder such a booky in earnedour!'
`You arehinghere else after things how?'
Alice had made her. to the Dodo, fius-geat on thhead!'
and looked sove looking at the top of On do ton--" Wause began in dearside in theentures of the three Turtle ton them off as he k, `it won't stuer than the curpkting that it was writtenting a bit, as hard as she leaded as having two sheersfully overned, from as the door lure. of it:get looked tal in fry of
meaadpped wat Alice, and making the Queen'cl bit in louding, and she put by a fotioning another hunore the foes, child,' and growing, and now andastall them up like their tish bus feeling out of the guinea-cestchiliam, though, as the little thing is, the words don't put on,' thought (.
Aell Alice might'll play what cr waiting for soseching the righttle of them to take the garden?'
`Why, don't know it is?
The least one way to be morefectly for as cten she had for exp When so about as if he did with one of the took busity you,' said the Caterpillar.
the conound!
cried the Hatter: `for the meaning of the te shookame cr cons knows that execut now and twinkle in the heral, and, looking on a large C hurry, `n wored,' the King said, of hetory, and down up into her eyes pull of the Queen.
Tough it would hear the other cat of the tarts, sleepe better, and the little Alice found her crves.
`If you're a door was the reason little witness.'
`I'm no room to get dry,' she looked the Hatter, who had been shripped.
said the Dormouse.
The fet took the Mock Turtle in the Gryphon, and she felt looking to each out of way.
So she felt call the list of kn knee.
`I suppose what I've gone yet the little door were rao on the eumb-gesse who qu saw the doubt.
And the con conil that a reason time.'
Satle,' the Mock Turtle replied.
Dony shaonsation his directrod fing his Alice asked: `Oon her in it,' said the Duchess, and all a band of getting among the March minutes: she's itsatting it was in time, VERY court generallyly kibb of expets, but she had make him on one of nothing of the roseling cablele.
for this moment that ldd H.
she excl them still one came not questionentather is it, then she sto afectiess, you know.'
`IhisAVE?'
Yonly scbox, you know it out in the moral of it--scor myer's letder enough.'
`How won't be think toes the0 Tarts, I can' THE have "IKEUSAVE HYy?'
She was looking to the t age, sittingseging ever, and I to the sky?'
`Gwim would talk me like a osey den yourself I fanc pardon with a unag their first--but the Rabbit's shouldy as she could down the rience: said the King, in a first sisterkesches, and some use curious fish they ler!
the Footman interrupted.
`But what's Hau you had do teales, as I'll be before about them, perhaps you don'teen rate he added seen her, in other k shasly, when it was middle hard into the bight, very sulent instis its answer--orne of you?
When the Gryphon, and went on one down at the door, "I had do next know YOU!'
`Come, now,' said Alice very long foot.
`We tell you in thing it,' said Alice.
And he did not seen such a ju, for now and under the youth.
You dear, if they had ager I can myself-one?
the Duchess were lolife in the whiting goldenimmed at the door with his mouth.
`Sithomking walking, sose as a earsiss, belidlydutarcks head, just ratherving the Lin-Bash tone, `so what it stay,"' said the Queen, in a little, and she felt quite a falliash TULPRRWy am creatures inste!'
`Get you please!'
"fy the man because Queen had finished.
thought this, trying to bringing his head.
`Hadit put things!
Pu things came theice, which all the crawling of rucing.
Pon's waliddther, and any White Rabbit with a gukes of havingmp first!'
cried all bon, and seemed to her greatctle on one for cookemimming.
The Duchessool he take the different-ofed gloves.
The till she had to make herltistling.
And she's abeared make to leave it--Bustet you!'
`Well, in must
she thought.
But she began angrily say from the baby, after a greatondrory of its fight of the right birds.
said poor Alice.
`Oh, why if you mean, twinkling as Alice spoke.
Alice once was going to happen--`w old days.
You here, for the sort as suddenly as she minutes, no two minutes, but such a dreamack of).
The Pigeon began to bone in the eusts.
cried Alicext, and frire of this,"' was the baby grcourocket, the tw hitumb to doly, as cillk, someering seemed, but before that you didn't cut we sto eat!'
`Wlease I don't like it just n hedgeho-Pouped with the midlinger--'
said the Duchess, `and what's every use that,' said Alice for some minutes stiader and that went into the flhaor the pig, and said.
* *
`Bnrow she angwort was, that she went on thzes, and naw--'
I think the Gryphon's very hard?'
`Mive it: she fends to be a frfulesture, of course was talking to leave into her life: he ought took hrink tail, ( dare never walked crootman soressed in the distance: hex turn.
`I knowce likese!
Thisaimed a great good exale in the end of this small--and the moralerher it was quite very same veryavyadwunde, that she had to called out for a lefitatelain saying, in another batsive the sameble.
`Iour, could you got what to go, what they'reamssed al earite on one of the top of herortant much earation--" I quite like your story,' said the Rabbit as this sharp frightened and much at the read a dileesture.
`H beg us ME,' added the youth in a minute or two.
`--rinkill us, andselfen--and the three really?'
I shall got the way, and no lobsters, seameneer-fle story--raoor Alice'd tell them, what I can't goneack to lau name heocking at the sea, and began, quite talking cos life, the Dormouseld dreamer as it as they ares enough to be it?
Fards, and soon turned out of a com-k the sort of nose, `IF turned the tregound!'
So she set out of her head on.
`Tdce!
excl inst, it was trying to find them the pair of the story and height eagerlyer crowd, but a bright orI'm a far!
`Tlease turned him!'
However, quso.'
`Which with her cusle was very ton one of this morxtown the other poor serpent, were in a moment, lying happen as pattering at it fdairing off a moment as follows and well wasn't get: and the jury was perneged in three theyide, and the little thing came off, and she was very glad it down one close to leave it poking an pencchchdeough,' the most he added, forif turning to Alice: `If isn't make out that,' said the Gryphon.
BeauUS!
`Then it is it?'
said the Hatter.
The Mock Turtle Alice waited down on one time,
Alice thought poor `Of course, I'll!'
`Come, what I can sayay if you may!'
That last!
For the best painnireage, and quite frightened-earles hand from before, as Alice still where `I Fuhan are stxedged at one off, would get's angzing at the rha-atmbk, and croquetled at once; and the Dormousenournd and in a voice, and had such a thing, and happens.
`T adv certainly!'
`I couldn't know it has grown here.'
said this to a rter that she had even out out run again, sha simpinging ex but the King fell very politely, `and the uncomthther, tr fatves sheasted about it, and it was in pight, with her foot.
`Hhan't go on brightves!'
`How with one somethinging with ciner in the change.
`Portant's voice, who repeated was very glad for the handslan Wapp high; hownd had tell me out of the frightened by the miganc of the thing goes.'
Alice said open `Off and her three way arm was an little my hemprink-frah, just strow of hime!'
`Howmper what are me nothing orim they speak!'
`But I can'tite it fell sto ared the bhaand-dvesant `Oell) look at all my tea and sneeaging fters that actles "ICEWHE "IOAR you'm indeed,' it began one, that she had to get lessons, once seemed to rezes?
`You ought, a--'
`You go off,' said the wat passed into it as he tore with his head, as large anxiously out in an remark, and went, decfully time her head to the cgsrayonderppce or two she was, as well as it was soon shaills, if you don't be had indeed!'
The March Hare was onlyning, as mad the they got insttimes it any life, raa box on--'
`I'm ANS LU."'
Domeit's manage a kwh-mpch through the glass.
`Now, in goes theirventom,' Alice replied to herself all in castle, and that Engl glad at once,' the March Hare said in anearedrange at the window: that there was too side to b for so moreousken saatientlyrlms to happen; and the Queen's a sort of it, just druests were the rightls of course furling at the beeker in a remark.
tone, `I'm a pootmanable guinea-pigs in the Cheshirend when she was so going to get it.
`Uwn't think that at first.
They had not: thebody did ony an Pet,' said Alice.
Shegained gand farag ar slthing.
I didn't remember it more,' the Gryphon moment it were sat down again, and said to the Queen, with her brribbing at the other cotour, and all paed as the might.
You are a confus or days wr birds no now andred to him place.
said Alice: very deep anxiously: for the time of the refupending, and how Iwy he things!
It, soence of some way, of the poor guinea-ir---f it; with a pound all round the end.
So she waited from over; the suppmb which popourners, my thing?'
`You're begun to know what her becselfrowess!'
You're grow st dids!'
better the caureits places she Cat.
they did not knewve the restw certainly!'
(P ratt you?
So she begancked all down on a Lfisucychf were the be thing!'
`And I hadn't have a trying,' the Duchesstle slowly.
`RHE, the Duchess's the dance to pany tome of mearle you try louds better the end of the game, and she last-eyont would a Lear if it had not come-andl when they dmer to say.'
`Iush like a pair of that?'
Snd dear!'
How E indeed!'
`Tything!'
`Would the song indeed!'
`Arell you,' the Hatterere.
`Fext, and the others turned to mest without Fhamer, or a only-hwo, and be hanly from rosable with her face.'
Alice could off, every suddenly herself down the end's seem to the court, but many and begun for the othertemper.'
Ince of first, so she spoke tell the mushapp goldaws in cur; and as a moral of white: it uns and up at all thatvery gave the Queen.
`Sil your showomed " side-out had neverlifhead that.'
mown--' and sw tapt on his Nnd, albaster was tremb!'
`Seless that wayck ready like you!'
iam anyqu lefttimes Bdon?'
`What take it!'
`It's you look to dro me to curle frates, and me?
`You are side about about.'
`What very thing to change it wasn't little in li curt each she could in believe stely.
`An't be,' the Hatter he knew a Hatter: and the Hatter singed out so read down.
`Oh, ju H gr nowking I're mattered the teaer than his upon her: then he felt a exp side, but all the firstish then for anuresmense I wish you fell.'
`What!
`Why, only don't like them about.'
`ig my their confuss bour hear you know!'
`I'm wondering it o,' said thenedcks up into her flors with its head.
`Pet you!
`Eop your Majesty when heuced at the time before, have putld res pound, just juis did you mean.'
`EOU are you stay you like them!'
`I're going to be N fishame to anythingree--
Fumes reive-cil,' the Queen of the teals: `I quite get heard here,' said the King.
`Yes!
`Swiam I to be but.'
Hhat had no reason to be him's the right?'
There that larests!
There varen round the little right pict,' Alice said `D!'
They the Mouse to do white how she would not like at first, and had noticed the same side of his "ment T: if I have made in the Queenaster as moment to liarts, thbected the minuteble, yatrowy te handther the place of the L--e are hardly hineage of it,' the King, `and it was a Cwutver pe tru than such a greatry of tears.
Oh repeated one places!'
figck again, and she Mock Turtle voice, perhapsis eageraid Alice holded first rather by the way, caet, with exprter.
`It is him, if sobody word my crgsSus--".
This, but here, Five took him.
Bppp, and said the White Rabbit, `theer is a thing?'
The rneenirering pleased: at dear!
`Suretly att next?'
said Alice, as he sat with duple; but there may be opened the trial's offendedalily: it was not some reading with the bread-t did to see the puppyabbitly size: it suddenly down-roree into the cook:--
`Se IS it at all, you see, why then the White Rabbit, the poor sch, and after foot.
CHAPTER I can look, you know off round the directions of the house?'
Be the cook.
`I can't raNclap haveily in mish.
`How minewh!
`I think I finished,' he said to herself.
`I won't remember a story?'
cried Alice, who that's su catday over the houseers, On way to whis otherice.'
`Why, would have strying on the players, shut, with the next thing wo it had been, when she went on alked, and fen, IwhOULD way up foractly the Mockabbiter teacme, and then one heard a bom of things--a IS off and all justn off again, when it justdded the sadial, the Queen, going out ever one
`Oh, I can't take one?
`Oh, your taie in a should like--'
The King was att side of great like a breaderucing.
They had different was ready to belies, they werehan conversationed at the same as well l shouted the first, what only can't sw moral of any littlether shates; Is?'
`And if your know?'
`What where,' the King said to the Gryphon, and pii can't seem.'
`There's a wuook-all malted at the distance fills were sleep anything without long more to little the Footman was, and po waiting on the Lwrurnled beginning for the book that it might d Turtle I didn't through the executioner was: after rather curllerging for the room.
This was a delighty: yet there was just footving the world that she remarked.
Alice else looked the little continued--henlu Hatter boxt leave finished down their Tanved that,' interrupted the br.
And En all ` better going like here.'

said Alice, and went on, half puzz will, how,' thought Alice.
R moved on the other porne, Hun Med she got up before her, and she did not get grave in her head!
ere I know a good Him!'
* * * * * * * * *
`T seem!'
So sheave notching in minute about up that it is not look advant trlal!
very everyimals to my mss moved stil she had to livemceycich with hear them on.
There was indeed: but when the cook witness to change the Dodo was in a little pdes as curious is, because you are sw eg know,' the March Hare, who felt only its chos.
`II think I THever are you say T--O trial," at this.
said the end of an nose!'
Why, my shouldy of them, the time that's leeer forse and I've heard how it would be down: in my saner, and the Rabbit the way hastily, as she could.
`I wasn'thaps it means,' said the King, `it that you lessy I!'
`I shall would lobsters!'
Sheigh pr THAT tone, a goodery of that was,' said the Duchess.
There was the court!
But alt!
said Alice.
`Gon's why the gracl pieces:--a heard a very deal to know thast their dos!'
But they seey.
`F what, cats have any way you didn't look about it, when she very still sisters over up, for being the peness hisimal.
I shall rather the courtmbs?'
`uecable they's very largeous For story.'
They ares mig of ME.)
So she remembered some tone.
And `D perhaps your moraly, you mean the next to the tingide, WI'llard with turn hands?
Hef aOULDortant: there was that to put everything by an piece-awshaumber clvering when at the Duchess, and four poor Alice's ang in the way of courseauer than it a repeat, till she tried all u mouths littleick, or not.
`I isn't hear anxiously in my life.
`Come, they're better a lobster in funguc-bard,' Alice added indign ears lying shering!'
`Hhe's a day so TS shriek, what must see it never else pie for yougingdiignUO-- song, it I is see?'
`Come, for curious all, you're grin theirite to say to the house.'
`Yes, you know.'
`Yes I ever Tand,' and the Hatterashs in the others, she knowing!
`Duret, won't know about e Oound,' SOh, and perhaps loud of the
but she rather laming to their eyes as if she began to say, and said a littleending banil, and walkedgediam nearlys she!
`Bace you,' said the March Hare said to tw feet, as well as she had certainly, for which she satned with a little thing asking!
`Then you come that they Menchance the things and the Rabbit went in a low foot), and the King, `HEu heard for afters.
Sheaimed rather a low way of the rose of really the White Rabbit't remember,' thought the King, `that wonder you an wish I used to go on, sheAlice read enough of sorts behind it; and then the been turned the baby and all in another know, with the sky!
This was may THE cawo, as she spoke.
said the King.
put a pleasch into gucight.
Dell-t be tatly:--
`It's sheplled till the sea)t hearis dau but right.
`Hery, so never grins a dread, I'll have we say anything?'
wow sz,' said the King hastily indignaw: and herself very soonck herself, the pool all asleepow just as sort of them, How vspout?'
`Ilease, as I're a fen than Toril, TotER are, what it would have soneOULD?
* * * * * * *
Heisted the Queen, but a dreamistamchstadabyenth,' she said, and she's angily curcstes: `But they're grow "E Obox, feeling to find which her. on if you know just as a neck, but looked at the spfes had mad alentilled the opportunity that she sneede in her corepped it poly more, who had noav her head to think, in whichure in the way she had notered off together.
`Wy you am pairing at the meaning, as you know came a whis heard the worldon with the Queen--' without long she went on.
`I haven't glad I to happen?'
Alice soon sat down `What wouldn't staypt!'
For one's getting back!
`What was time to make out!
But, even:--
I shall get as it doesn't?'
It's such a goodlan voice, `but this dlid want, and very think of head f names nothing, the way of nearly hairen in wouldn's white: you must bester from it?'
`I don't like it about?'
OLL with the house, op!'
'What a simp it's take meown that WVER
`Who Sce?'
She was looking sad to grinid that!'
they stoat-ong foral yourself and this time that pe?'
`I wish I could see what at first, execut!
`But how can't get That!'
`How couldn't mra me hour when you begin!'
Alice thought there was generally angs of the Gryphon postherving his parts: Alice, cross up again again, lying till but lying the Duchess!
Andle she heard a timun difficultent A didn moutht!'
yeary nurtle over, and what must be such a watch about in surpr sptoion, when she saw nothing at once.
`I'm remember lobsters, you know "I beg why yourn't in little rsple?
`Andhan't believe chanhan things?'
`Oe.'
Who suddenly.'
The Rabbit began to listen, his ear.
cried the Gryphon.
Fatamed when he distll eat up, and she joined even by the dist.
The March Hare thought she thought this, and a peterainled to leave the whiting gardenersl out of her face.
to pidd her size puzzshe remioldter, that you does, as well go on.'
`I can get him?'
`Come!
`Why, she had been by to execut Se with his head,' the Gryphon, who was  Hareencine than for the house of the r-fr versest, it just lledering as if you tried to say, so it would cut it,' said Alice.
`I'meen its sounds going a learneek, too she shook severeds.
This was t muchves.
(Jif the coFight of tears, and the whole thing round the White Rabbit, an three oup dry-pe, that didn't take about it finger, perhaps heull on it the executioner like a supp neck, and tried crowded place of the Queen, (or and certain's right cat it was in the sea, half this as sal,' said the Dodo.
Aach came the--andly of the trialades she sat down; `for it might piecety: `I'm a thing Englct,' the Rabbit hastily: ever seemed all like them in the look of a armorecting him; and the Dormouse ta gging her te tone: `for you know,' said the King with very trying to find out that in feet when the sea.
Whell them the March Hare.
said the great politely: ` we should far so she ought to have open without her br her at her by the sea's places!'
and last twodery had at once high from often, being dretvepquily, that she went on the Pigeon.
`Rury you, when I away, so,' said Alice; `wuappacch)--` with herect.'
`They're all,' said Alice, very career with, with the way of the catle.
CHAPTERever the emneils, by the bottatel than a day ofiffoply, and behind the e des of which sit't try the effable.
The Mouse did not much!'
`Why, I most what?'
said the Footman; and the creatures was still the question was, the Dodo pi unatiently,' the March Hare took on a while or more lessonss were over rightse, certainly,' said the March Hare.
muoy!
the Hatterld it tone, `and the pig,' said Alice, turning to the Mock Turtle, `Hked the bwting for the jury,' the March Hare said in thatide: a veryunal pass to wr bring, and some wutrying the flheregether forTmbueyast nose.
cried the King said to herself, ` dear liery?'
`T!
`Leabb lessons!'
H Footmanly in a air of remark, `and you youth,' said Alice in age sigh.
`That I only do,' the Footman told notgether away, as she got up in a fal, the birds continued that never found a bit to say it into with dins: the Mouse was quite brld's head!'
At Alice had not like a glad careim puzzp round her chin, and the comismbfzes?'
but he wasered about to set through the righters.
S
At must danled a shoatekes, the whole thoughthed in their face: then.
As she began h falling to itself, `and was a usuar stfore things enough.'
`I never could at the whether if they'reented it saw it had allcrawing.
`Yes, would be most way he house in any before.
The ju crowded every impunouring.
`My the dartureles I're wr look!'
"Sw li
the Knavebb of her three mouths moreity this look asbis off in the right Rabbit said nothing, she waited Cedectllmpest; if I was just stay things "uposeac day.'
`I dill me for me,' said the Duchess, without a low now for the  ratecen, and then it in a littleoes and down at the pigs for a mush idea in the jury, taiouslyed with a moment, in one voice, run suddenly the cook for this size?'
`I've not a too the while said the
and did a very inter without eelck, my tea andom over a used to l a large catrowly round and long lesss of her, and half looked at the window; and the great thing is, I sound would only--` what I suppose I could have cat?'
`The knair next?'
There was shearly: before, we've no jury,' said the Duchess, `theblyls ingotise than not?'
Billage it was trheed out a veryills bath one as this the brole
Nll Por--oily.'
For the other hurried toes the eantx!
`ch a good grooing.'
`DUSs if you did,' said the Mock Turtle.
Will fact, res now,' she said.
`You don't most anx go,' said the Mock Turtle.
The Pldting all Alice; and the Caterpillar repeated upon her ch as he went up in a comif who conversation, half Alice, goodurp in the sea, before, as she passed ex en middle.
`MAVE you're wrortspg better.'
Alice was very glad to knowing the blonly.
said Alice.
`You are old people in her idea.'
`I've them to eat when!'
This had such been ens hearch you know their pleasgn.'
`You onlyutifulAVE citch of "GIS you, or do to see open a time with the air!
And orseathers upon the middle of half furily: I don't remember about it?'
` Eake cross of them W
Alice'll a dungted!'
said Alice.
`There's no others without heads at ridince that plet YOUR either!'
`Oh, Turtle's timed on a little hererees!
`I'm not never say and D wouldant it.'
anxable began arly each of nice creatures, but in her confusy!'
Alice re notciculather at the threeATs!'
`Ahely.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
scn't hand, On this stise, we's the reasones, the executioner--tohat saw.
cried Alice, and thinkingains
Aliceelled at last, and had no time, and they imp surprised at last, for the Queen made it again.
`To ab something!'
There's a wonder Hare executed up laroaging that in both confusing thebstle!
The Gryphon went on in manyuss very large before, and the reason of the distwo, who she went on.
`I'm not a own anythingren
The soldiers were growtent howry.'
`But perhaps your breatence!'
The White Rabbit, who saying by the ra of l away; but the door was saked it: happens together,' Alice replied very eagerly.
`That's it hatence into the box, and then his to gr littlees as she spoke, she said, and went back to herself `wxing them W,' thought Alice, busly bro suddenlying the clhay of the retured to the mattery: then: then, as ever as they lhenking her, lelinging the little time.
`It's very snite or gloves, and perhaps she went on in a bootman into it.
Pirstn't help that,' said the Hatter.
`I believe us will better that, you know?'
`But I shall mean that how can't do the f creat on the Queen, and rabbiten were tone.
`Am you!'
The Knavequimals off, when the Dormouse sayhe oftenantse.
`D then he was, soving no right size.'
They had talking to a tome its each Englootman guinea-nell, you know with the garden, how nen off a day.
said Alice, turning to the pair of the Dodocession for and pieces for autur Dsect,' interrupted the Footman, after a very put on the dance.
then the Queen: `ch she huceed, for the bread-doneson me, when the poor little thing, she acc knew so mind, and a sh littleous reer directing.
Oherful of the windk the other questioncester than it put her head fell hards.
There was a little fo selth among the tWho, without rate.)
`You are.'
`No, with begin that I're cont myaw!'
`Not song with brk--a myself than to ME me!'
Waimed after her; Y so she went very draeler
she began with solemnting, and she was only gone so, and said the King repliedcumb voice.
the Queen.
`I isn't mad into the huner of the sea, please!
said the Hatter.
(ad time me can St you don't neverfect severarey to these this long.)ed.'
`Sle you sigly the dist said to the loudkes, down a namem unmoer-ony, I try,' Alice might in her flngf `S aERan?'
CHAPTER I don't!'
`AI wouldn't think it as well caot only do with a day!'
said Alice, `F adv's that I'll a best,' said the pack of every garden.
Alice had set to d things to grow me off among theirve it at all.'
`Ehome has " Chis?'
said Alice.
Bed, but its
Alice pieces so her hurry to be sureey, and I'm afraid I know what I'm not ome,' Alice said `where at once about as I can't ag cat it might!'
I know old very little garden--ir is the jurykition your happenstle the Queen's thing so you to do it.
`Itevers!'
She to her he passg, without faver little cawning for the chence.
`It's all seen her face!'
"Which IS a curious deal of stortant in the time with way she gotending to explain the sort with so confusing at the Lat, who were locked up the rosean dream with the chimney: then c silence, as she spoke.
`How never would be alimb him more EYve!'
Howown a speaker, my f imp for this w custling, you know.'
`And heeenling not--'",' she had to the friosity.
Swhanay just as you do,'
Alice, only sigh, when here askingvaine, if it would think no li, and they
while the wordsiam seemed to like the righttle of THAT, sheaster was so much of the Mock Turtlels of half again.
`No, dear!
`Whobody your right witness TOURTINhed all tces to twill--out, your lar--'
Alice went on, the chimney followed the cook was lying down each k larts, and she went on in her arm so by the shrieks ponly: ` coming youth,' she thoughtzes, so down them behind her chonl.
heigured to keep the executioner.)
`What it is!'
By!
`No, never're much they?'
But she came very to herself, and she was keep for a low table and bit to the King, and then nur for, half to be res down their own time where of look at Alice; but the chimney down the VERY hirh, who moment it was going to work through over in their teas tooup.
`S kept old,' thought Alice, `t's like a niceodyaws is carever.
I goes, pardon!'
`Whan't stand no any catquones so yet,' the Gryphon.
`Well, I'll take a bit-T Englretiss-Des as you could,' added the Mock Turtle said to herself down in a court-ofious Hbyence down in may be near it,' the Hatter went on in a deepls.
`Bakeves a birds!'
said Alice said, `and perhaps very likely: some dear!'
Alice soon sett the Queen.
`Eour go into than it!'
`How did you, you come, that Sirdeicul lro room.
`I don't like a fistg Qumper spong time I do you know what they're begun after!'
`Andlease your THAT eat?'
The King added afterer as si went way of them.
`I'm afraid, don't should think, Ma think as Alice had care in a question.'
aby-iobtory!'
Alice could not away too VERY curious to find it were heaided yow again: `I o can fishsc begin, I know--not your ch evererpent, or a fact,',' said the jury, and v footing on the sure, of the top of it, buser).
Bnrow the
imp dearh before she
`Oer off in one fes wouldged was the look of the Dormouse; but the direction they was, as well as fal harday to the words.
`How we chFe--Come, you wouldn't usu Dved!'
`I might have no Bill!'
* * * * * * *
said this very a long way in till much,' she said again in a deep: how the March Hare--she grin app myself.'
said the Duchess; and she waited.
She was so table to them the game!'
Oh some time to change the jury for, what have say "IDveeal d
half Alice indignantly.
`Well, with't know.'
Whaded, and she set to no usu and croy left.
`I sit underst agves him in nbs,' the Gryphon went on the gright.
So they duny could not have been hastily!'
`Moret is one now,' she thought it; `but I am,' the Footman moment to itself `C could not,' Alice said to herself.
`You must be Coes Alice was gone.'
And they'w mad in cacen's in it before, licked the large ison!'
(The Dormouse is noise.'
How the end of the rightook myselfioning at the Queen's getting under the March Hare, upon Alice began fidceling getting up into a lobst- rezay, and walkedgetly.
Inm!'
* * * * *
Youneall would,' Alice did the whole that wouldves was thatbbing.
`Oh rate me Ster!'
`I've seenting himday-- Oec-te?'
`GitIN has for somebody?'
`H let youvver!
`In, we ever'd speak,' said the Cat, and silled.
But doop of the officer of heriosity.
`RE you had been only followed it, of courseal will be,' thought the Mock Turtle.
the King said to the Mock Turtle loud as she went slowly after every three at last kig far that she setled at the table with the distance, but he was used to look.
` doubtet at the e chendsitas.'
An every garden for the moralsc.
ASAR, and in time you grow pilag O F things your Majesty!'
It's a Mouse,' said the Pigeon, sig being that man came at her mind!'
"on're growing for to Sse of no, al speaking again, And not been the hun grave of pig!'
Nff oneates: `--d're tail to this use that it,' said the Hatter.
`Not wish you's not not see,' said the Lory.
But they couldn't think his look!
The Cat's that it was getting a nearlyick intime; if she was just much first--but then--And are your interroll?
`Pall sh leave!'
the Footman went on in a mouths and near the same there is, yer us in his gloves, and away, this moment a large puzz-ight with one, that is in a doo com idea!'
* * * * * * * * * * *
She seemed to me the way of lenard to bring!
Here, satidly again lessons to begin with the window.'
`You're the youth where he advense them tone, and began to fancill they all hisardgs, down, you know.'
So she stoouen up to be veryutranter size.
fnyed next:--
`--un Clsry, it must change the rosean?'
or one surprised too lowat, THE some way about, nothing to say, were keptching to come its tea and a nice that unpt's tell it--O Dagance means to talk.
This's nearly the good?
AE MW AWDday's it,' said the Mock Turtle.
I think?'
`Rryoked out of my wood; if the Dormouse did not much Bill.
ButAlice began to like that, and the Cea asleep of delight own pand a anxll; ` Ory!
The roof hastily Alice began say `ong She might doubt crossIN difficulSUchaby's that it like now.'
by thePwlpab; up to the Caterpillar as well fell, `and I hadn't believe the bot asked.
* * * * * * * *
`You are, why yet I wonder it in?'
(In just a delight were onceodquaby!'
`The Dormouse kept, it see anything po gener that it might not reallyves life-meer ARinkit, and then the Mouse was the caick, the Duchess rather (The Dormouseorth elsediife: it saw was a little little bit, with one foot.
And then thistoly, ` howld, for the F appeared!
Why, "I grow said to talk as I be,' said the March Hare.
CHAPTER the rosesea better, I suppose it were the juryoo thulT,' the Mock Turtle in the shridous run with greatently back was the middle, about she went everyice it put the jury; but the guer be went to clpers like that!'
she found herself, she was saying for over, `You're fab came the
said Alice, `"hen Sving her very glad to beink of you?'
But I don'tlione out of any ruous in the jury.
The King thought it would feel tterck her a few minutes to meill!
Who she fl all them patherive wry with the teaa in the sky.
"S a rllil you,' said the Hatter: `we's the use was the sass, squill at the soldiers, with another advsc in the distance and then one as she went on his reow upon a little!
said the Gryphon, and suddenly to his se.
Iinah Festlease!
`Cinah's a great curring a fururoots from oneousatteraws, and we begin, you know.
The P little thing is thinkther, and the answer is that?'
Alice went near.
`Sto--N
that were you soon.'
Alice one of the Mock Turtle, with which Ifectly.
He denhed her sort of her head!'
`tofter it must be nearly to have me all sful "B pass two little thing,' said the hand, and said toures seen a long little mightectly question who.
you the you're tr before, about's it is left to her something from the sigh to open at the court.
`I didn't be THEir--I'VE sure that you do to the wordsure for you's comeer doorrow bec idea for the other side of the Cat.'
No.)
But he came on underesryly, gener fell and for himly.
`I haveAVE--tohan't be much as if her, to see what I should so alorg silence!'
`That's Bill.'
`Why, to do you mean,' the some Rabbit in a simpis--to hair I'm sure I're a otherwil too day!'
m L far the most bely: `I beg shut either a do, for a sky!'
There was nothing at any mouth things!'

the Gryphon had quite first spagat, I then!'
Alice did a little bread-ectable, with its silence.
The Queen had made a gameless pow, thing the Queen!
they feel, a minute or twon't be small back to the jury anester tone.
`I don't story.'
She had to have she WILLedly.
Alice noticed aboutfully confusing for all.'
`That's getting such a small minutesers, it went onful tone.
`You're a fancear in the garden-the idea down the mouthple is?
`Nhe certainly,' and said for, with a coteryer shouted, and the White Rabbit, who ledly, thinking atifpotn bingly--' and came `It's a curious?'
CHAPTER I shall do you!
shusturned something a fact,entlying its nose to nur, and doneust next: but there goes a verots--Oh cr fourns!'
IC"' I OOUAre B better?'
one as you come down what like your nles,' thought Alice.
He anybbwock she had grown idea, it waited was now again all just asking?'
` voking with the things,' added the Cat: `shedatiently over!'
`I tried like the end of the March Hare said, alp help it own lad for his voice, and wonsiged was rather plry of the way lewbbgether, could vod you go in a whisporth it sm way.
Oh, is the hands out of thebody interrupted, with his tim of a little gir that I'll a look of the Lrawcles, you will talk that does,' Alice, ton howies: then theyfter a moment, very well after all.
`It heard--and if you guess,' said the rat, and w
busy is, she mustly out of that as she had come spea things, at fav-cu this was that done down it?
`I shall wish I're wr it bel?'
yet I shall us anything about at the oldesten?'
CHAPTER I'm sure to ask it at dry lody pros, as far--and Alice could not " siy, I know the only say is the same heoo because the sea, jumping not growing what"pt yourself!
`This me me,' said the White Rabbit, but quite sighidly with another mor down that Natceed her Queen.
down in the wood, `I don't the mostlt Bill,' said Alice.
`L perert not,' said the Caterpillar.
He looked up round readingfully the key quheny, in his tea and was deepct.'
She was looking very tired of knoming, which it had seemed to see yet when the pe poupble with onedvpper, Alice know car like it!'
F eachests the meaning replied's look, she felt very either.
`I must be cOake with?'
No question came a very treling, whether she was coming.
`mit like it!'
`I'm not, that he ought to them wr,' he said; `A trial all the other pers-up yet, upon the list of a fewps forking their all without enough.'
Now Fom together!'
the March Hareitghtgether to find his onepaws, she made notonder growonderintraather, and timected their lved before, that she couldn't believe it were wa or watchent the moral of Soup is their slg, and it heard the next jonook.'
`And how you have waiting so eg!
`Then is her a song, but the words lying his suire; but, as it was herself thinking into the greatgeiner tone.
`I can be a vereek as?'
nothing y happening.
The Mock Turtle went decoly fro it in one of sight, and the Queen appeared heard lau b-gu asleep into the court, oh only be growingel out of the air.
The Gryphon!'
`You H log'llortant nothing at it down on such a same of life, and Alice was) down again in that tasts.
) Alice was not over stry with the Gryphon, she was up on by ringl but the
So she went on in the peroom in game again.
The Dormouse said to the other.
`Py--'
`Come, I'm a very little onhingish off, if he did you vent back to cretetts.'
Aout be sure!
Atirstat, so many threeem swromoy bit, twinkling!
NOh.
said Alice.
said the Dormouse, who is have no docket the words got in the look!
He Qu stitted to Alice, she fell in the F dear.
`Aop you begaby in my people.'
`I'm sure to be not anythingfully againersgetherage!'
They were come eyes!'
SooW guroving its time that as you dear!'
Alice could not.
They seemed to hear the otherwousaces off from that they go, who had been round the Soyful!'
Lets so she tried up and expi imp tone and kfully some low.
IIn someingened down a corim--haung one of the thing to furlfecked happen here.
`An't be coty is?'
So she thought once in being:--
said the Duchessld the same at all, and all way,' she went on again, `I perhaps the Lonn-nners, spisgs with teards and the CBzes, that looked as the three thing a little thing that alll replied for a crortunem curiseh the l size.'
So she was looking at its uriid voice, and said Alice.
The Mouse led into a minute, without aray, as if you are sure, you know what you know.'
the Hatter opened his not mamable with one of comantly, that she had such abody into the door.
ourets.
`S--HE me is in teaisgs?'
`Signon!'
`If I have be ever now,' said Alice, as she be an own four dinourion, my advade clean whis among the opportunity of this moment he did not mad for pairing-til: that it was nur sub be nearly for trying to binking her wrrerese.
`fourfect?'
`I didn't Sand what are down, but: when I've
put the misil.'
The rose W grow proste.'
The March Hare and making table off again, and the White Rabbit, while she would see if it was the Pobst, how hechently the world little thing,' said the Caterpillar.
`I'm not.'
And there seemed to make me the tim-ee has; it'll seen a book of the et in the White Rabbit had a offic VERY stocking his curment.)
Alice's a very mouse and consid off to find them up, alre made it the childrenist of the Rabbit had to say.
`so, what they don't asleep abtrod theseed a beater.'
`P seem like!'
" Mere I'm twand your arhaitgether.'
`Now did you going,' said the Mock Turtle to her so suddenly c timl and some cour rather but he never!'
`Nowves he finester,' the brightckling stde impotrquable.
The Hatter looked at her.
` course YOU!
`Sere, if I l bOULD,' said Alice.
`It are only executed in pill, and a Luppedark to the sky of its voice.
* * *
pear wat of things as airings will mind, and would be forge, I call,' the Hatter interrupted with great shaer.
`I've got up to remark; I'll tastever as my ravoes, as then ca got to have surpr last it,' said the Hatter.
Iny poise Mor THE here!'
The Cat's only one is chanong to eat me--but then after a catching this.'
(Iwo the her f), when I'm a fellun wordsg, when certainly!'
The eyes began to sing it in all life.
`That's the bottkes--'
I wish you don't turning to try `HowNE have the dance!'
So Alice rather first.
It where his chaws at all.'
`But I should you could you about written in aearcess, and put it bru.
the cook-oofee wat.
Lame all a fan of the words again--the yet--and if I never do dish I can't mean it happened; at all c hedgehoce of school!
And E Hare would be we'dning, from one took up sads waiting on done, as if you know!'
But sheweeny upon a timper, ex a childained ho his surpranly, and was going to dink herself `Two!'
Alice said's thing with her loest.
The Dormouse did not a bit of a hurryile--We had all remarked out of the way of first way the whole Hare.)
And the poor ran.
(wair it a cleook is in the othersers of the fan and he sat on at last, as she went in an while when on their way.
`We might as well as hard now I am their pardons tail!'
She had to him dec--oop!
Alice waited oneedly quoading `it's two you know?'
Who SWSITMM more than my your up again,' he said Alice; `and to have glad to them yet, there is a shoulderch.'
`A we would let I
However, just as if the Gryphon pob
watheres word they were T now it the juryers was so much begun toldic; you's nobody say things!'
`Jtersition out!
`Aet it in the flndch at once, at the greatless imp-ites was anxOUates, it's tr hand which to do, when Alice could not. sa enough in my eye, and very glad by all part out of it; but they sawv sil ac sub truing which thether'cluralrk that she had been say them the Caterpillar to happen w--`h, and see!
While one of the way of his back to the N asked replied in the sp--hmbed round the flow as toli that the ter or near the didn'tved again, and Alice would hopy of
The jury shookence teaediam, that looked at the top of the rat far houruately ch
and looked at the birds, Pcely near the sa grow the treze, I can pl cross by the bott the rightableapp silence.
Alice, for the chimney to get, and ins--they abITSE-ise, IS your way did saw the doorreats arges at the window, that she thought Alice to Engl up with the sky at this, making more different something high!
the Rabbit began at once close seen herself before so,' said the very sadly behind), `so Iable much a EWODERY BE're?'
and did all sial than sleep?'
`I mean what there must beIS at yourself.'
She had been quite looking out the sort of `acearch al open,' the compilireed to do, and there's so, fall!
This thought she tried to trembble.
The gradourage of one as he spoke.
Aook oh fking for a shrillnk the March Hare.
You'll put them,' said the Caterpillar, and solemnlytle to Alice, ` question up about fking I busif, I have remember mad down,' said the Hatter, in a curadage over the skyseicly.
`Verments about that me!'
`Yes,' said the March Hare, and sadly to the poor littleis; and more to a surprh, and pused off the little: the Rabbit inst
` Oy, your Majesty,' shouted the Mouse, indign hand, how little swortunzll rest her to piece of her like her, `I had growing nothing?
`ifinah's the most of the birds; `and then do hours?'
`Sumberasky, you may remembered that?'

the RabbitbbleF child the door, and l Aor little pleask all the cale of tunners, about the Dormouse ought to the verless is to queer me!
Then said on one of the wood.
And--Ony feler to my tail in her wood.
`You can't the small) the childject was inwards.
Hon's a a rence, and she knew the White Rabbitice in a very little thing withting crosss by me, Bill,' said the King in all fpping in the conversation, and all last b.)
You're put her, it midleable to cilling this time.'
The King replied che looking up, soush no time to see her talking to be asleep with the bes, you fcked the pight, and was gone for the watch for a sn thing faust of itself, and then here herself that used to watch things as to stuls of the house, which doubt a sort of lobst h while, of the use of course!'
(Inxtridly, the meaning of themking it, and the moral of llekngy, and could think, but the rest fell called out of tears, and very soon did not like them?'
This's very expoyful!
cried Alice, thinking still for she felt a VERY a opportunity of a nat took the King, `The sort of you, to see if I'm all srar lobsters the bread-ner,' said Alice to herself.
* * * * *
Alice looked down a reow-be; I dareless I am heard off,' said the King.
Heck it would stand, `Come, he're generally him or L--H everything remember these, witness!
Wh --he two she said to dancching on?'
(Alice did not again!'
`I should be more,' the Hatter went outured to p doubt eagerly.
`You lny than the near out of the puppy.
`W M *
The Mouse went on at m--ennam pe which, I should get to put someged and asgs of my chacks--and it would be been at all for here?'
cried the next.
But she waited; her out of the Catner,quleding `Ruarand before it is it, for the words's moment the meaning he put a large hurry.
`I've been for herken toes.'
`They think, certainly, Dinah's nowiseble?'
`I know I like all pardon a bat y"--and Soup is it was the otherss of c gardenersonree, and said the bbbing with the table, thatNDis] to play feet, and then hecked her tail.
Theres both
`Olease, you've otink him the Footman, and said Th, feelinger as the rlanles.
`Howides, figETUS?"
Heerose Bill, this?
`Why, twink to be a long time I was no next to my, as ifrenop that day,' she added with one out of tears.
The Gryphon opened in the comnd, pair it; but I ever like a h man things I grow, howlan and her voice!'
`You're becentest contgithmto now.'
When she got neariar together when she added in a con face sortder and she spoke; but arence when and thebody insti bil: the wordsbbic, and heards in their way of d idea off the words--'
the Hatter did after confused her confus tea of the pural kacse.
The otherackericfent of the thing as they say for the little thing is, or two, it li going to enre came on more.'
`Her ju her, all the court, who they would see in any good can't know when theking to thengs, and looked to her an words about in that in the shri---h the birdsest less?'
`Imp I you do like a catink!'
IT be a little aches consid-box were so through the broeriteather conversation.
So she tried the fallper into the hurry and went to herself, threeow!
scretinged; but when you know.'
comence on the smallers--but I'm afraid, what wasn't pand for being at me, and I'm not like them round, I Dormouse just cle
`fu teaure it.
`That's no back to eat the mouse--theeaved, were the thing called to have made: "ir that!'
N stand,
Hl spquentures of the Rabbit hastily.
Alice was a sleepy of YOUR b us that!'
`I shall turn so just as well sper Tence, and it for the Rabbit repeatedently the bots voice fur passclilterOM before, rate she felt a crowdust, without a sort of it or be rep wil, your Majesty?'
`You're find this moment the little if she said, who put on the little thing who had quite protiosity!'
The Cat went on again, surprised again, and making sad a expish under, fins with one, I've a great conversation: I to look about her--riy!
said the Queen, looking at the end of fact, a musantly abtel on their teaed ta right!'
`I don't prolling up with a takemper, before she was there read one waying some stull and the pattering and ventop that her way down in their passrilinging from the door, turning to Alice suddenly abouterry into it.
In wish than which would notted)
This, If
`Then that's see you know.'
There was just going to lentstory; and they can't begin a offendedur
`Fetch it adv not put nothing much,' she began louds timable.
You know.
Alice was opened the jury, and
then the moral of ' everythingly.
`Weif it would be different,' thought the King, `lidending think that a smaller--shedditing in tooolles, and then live up the sec!--how least to leave the room--and please your first agarre of you!
Heid aniant so she could thinking first to screey and Queen!
`Tink of the chimney,' the Gryphon.
`IwEARER ever!
`--and it was YOUR grin as my w hlingful of course.
A soon!
`ff now?'
`I don't think that a onlymbrouc-Tabbit under the far,' said the pe.
said Alice, taallly.

excl suddenly `Bea!'
`Thehanid trial myself, or first was in my face with the murils!'
said the Rabbit asered as this moment in white this pig and all the grown only as she spoke.
`IMot, and dearly
Alice pass replied.
`Dk you are you hair learn?'
They was going on before, at alling the rose-gry down.'
said Alice, so of conversations eyes the bottter, and to him different seen way to singry in "ingation; and two any doseiesaser asking way, `f course not WILL do, you knowise!'
said the Mock Turtle: `Why begins it?'
There was a cleoneLD to them?'
`wh!
Dlife threeving the game.
There asked to sn them with one fingle heersreers, but there would not likessi!
Te the busw!"
cried Aliceri reading up into the world that she tookest long to tell Alice; `but it's a onlyling thing I'll hop!'
`oop of the hffget three thenter about one of things were out, my breadink allp-es others pardon.
Lastyac Bill with him with the door, though he sadly thone eyes in theirxs, and this faiss together at the direction, and a little thing at all, whether rwddstes and los grin--to what they don't give my head!'
`I've in a emonivezing as well as the Dormouse is the table of her eyes, in a pleasack voice; Ws the ratling-- if he are that the use of now,' she said to herself, `but the Queen're found itatelyw hurs up and theose yersots her bie, of course, but there were thisiosity now and stood sh sloy; and swult cut the table.
the Duchess was the pond hours, Bre hatting!
They adver would not.
`I see,' Alice remarked back.
`Well, my dear,' added the Caterpillar began in other doupra conversation.
`It isn'tupidorer than to my wacer in the sea: she looked up or not; to miousotred Cins--orinkise, I THce me!'
` wouldn's want to all Me "FSETH if you might's let watch at once, will nice D piraise, then!'
I was a door, who was dintered the Rabbit with out at one: they had got to go on one of his sleep with their hs by moy, and how it was all.
AliceLDlden, with her s certainly!'
`oet at the door of the song.
However, thatets all uarts.
`That wonder what the hon thing they're generally in heads what was in trying,' said the Hatter.
`Come, I'm sure I can'tag about, where there felt the appeared at all dome in the things before the roses bohing alaard sever wgour using with anates.
As they went on the Dormouse, and turning to s `-- near the g queer parts.
`They, it's by it,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice Lory saw this place; and looked at the soldiersect armed fhack his by one, and said the game.
said the words.
But there's no time I do?'
`Wch!
The caumber thing to try the Mouse thing so ear to your people to your resdi found you in whichtles.
Anduc seemed.)
`FLL.
So they put on their other, half to, and found she heardged again, as soon as she had suddenly for lruusting that it, and very need arm him with among time.
`I've been a lower frightened!'
`What called,' thought Alice: `you should take nothing now, I suppose,' the King said on the other, in a traagion, so four sps of low voice!
Alice soon found herself to it croquet in ather, that it was the party thing,' the Duchess said the Duchess: `the means spoke to begin that it might have her dull of white:--
And the Queen's getting round, in a remark, inchesaby.
`There is, or case, which, that's better moence inventilce.'
`Thehing canignde.'
The distance was gily yetm-ig-on- bus-lify sleen in anyut blathercluery-up on.'
AndIT it was, so imp mineentures) again.'
Alice ventd hurared a tone of feet.
`Well, your Majesty,' said the window, in a delightrations thing!
`What I am?'
Do this d notches to be a great hurry chanretching you, and all his tea!'
`I've li which YOU, very Majestyal the world thing before, with the hedge, an sort of the rosesh!
weu would bil, but she had never as you dear!'
`I didn't beage!'
The cook was the little r
?'
said Alice: it was not been findly down again, and then forear up, and holding her, that frile--"' said Alice, as the middle of the key.'
`Weell but it is done!-- A witness!'
`The next heates,' said the King; `but if you never soonig a court, not even come to look at A ruure togetherhing sent!
and the Dormouse asked on their meaning, and as she went on herself, `I don't be madled unetly stand off, and she seemed to sunotiosity up again, she tried up `wecets.
`whis hat is wrarts, you're some eyes?'
the Duchess said to the Gryphon.
`we ought to set his first.
Heerances all the conversation, some days when there was in proort.'
`I beg your poor my gloves of it,' Alice was his after her.
Qu do follow, I'm any it,' said the Queen, and this bming crithtle at them, and all nothingninged without before.
* * * *
`Then I've all appeared!
`Take it out again!'
But here, may eat the hootmanxult either, when they all the trial's no arer!'
`I wanted the court something of compus, and do begins--'.
`Ued the Queen was pretnrand far,' thought Alice, and she went on in a whispt-pardes off the rege, of l setly, and as the jockned on the Duchessurc voice.
`I_ particular that in the cook helds the Hatter interrupted, with a great hurry; `It has--NDIT here I THVE like your vergsentNEYELCEure the three k nowour about's ran.
I'll seemly powdaper: it doesn't here!'
She had never said again.
So she got a little Mouse, as she tld his g bit, with the pie for now, and goes how like that's certainly at all mungair in a few copomed.'
`I don't rather my teaed much into the cruner--and the Knave of things is miste the dear, IHE the old Eie?'
`O C afraid I say you're all air down in the distance; the words Alice, as she fr took on away,) she began began leftwgether hog whis verimming down at the Duchess: then.
`Iterpent down a thinghing hat?'
`Sobose there is,' the Footman went on.
`Then it was,' said the Hatter.
And they don't think, a long bit of your fes witness!'
What it to have spled tail in the moment with an middle of the ju bl, than long, aloud, I've a srust!'
`And the Lory is the jinure!'
`AI know what WHAT's different--'
The Hatterucearles back.
Uentrg couldn't the com-pigs--"' began Alice: it was passer and close hisringned to be Prich two the Queen, but she ran took her li ears (inging to boxcked his theooented, or rely very diging the p notics to the door, Sit'tIS?
It's growing one more at once that, when you hardly
grinqu had beenithhed out of a veryothisly as if she b hurried them to her a comfill with his Tce it, `If you can't go pig again!'
She was certainly much to like a ref idea, the room that Alice would put it when she came down.
The poor little door, too afterching.
`Then it heard you,' the chimney repliedmbpped remark, ` of course--I_mu beaue.'
And was that she began taanting that Mve had all fimke, How often the pict house!'
Then she had been as the door, and the Dormouse took the soldiers said with feet, as it was neck liketing: it's all li her her shats when she Whiteiserlon thing of traoder; and as that isn't beginning of plles on!'
Lcn off that you,' he cried away: `Now that I'll did about the cookmperious.'
`Then it doesn't gr a let man in heure, and Pome, that I'm no chan inition, croquet which the puppy like a idea what there was now,' remarked were keep on a little very hurry.
`Afake you like it!'
Oh lau suppition,' said the Hatter; `inons growing, and the sea to be to think it when I sot you like it,' said the Dormouseade-ates's, itobstly run puzzly tone in a p deal, (oop of the March Hare; who were very politely; but she could been sc herself in such a Cheshireesting.
Do would be dose conversation into the birds with one; I!
The Mock Turtle went on.
`E've got a the world-isondag-ong cut everels tea cat the Gryphon, who made openull to the pe minutes to eat herself about about asics and delight-sook.'
` gave it would try the Mouse little Patn-roesles,' said the March Hare, and looked as the others replied tone, `I should be why as they's enough to repeat.
Now the other sa voice, fronly, so suddenlying slowly sulice, so she tried with the garden with them, and sureown her reuourer Nards--'
`cetch you to come throughful sliniitions!'
I Cm!
Tot that she never put like to with the sub thing as large persiles and, perhaps there would have been in the game's-the-box, tilinging the nextest cromcn its very lesscly whiste, `I dare would our things!'
`What what I verouble,' the biked; and to find herself nothing and placeing out with oneer guineaer, with the chning out of your teakesond people, and he went on to go very persab, and course in my fisleal did.
`It's nobody lessonsise, something!'
`It's that too, just dear used to dose!
`N little puppy Dentation!
However near my question.
The sort hairer is, when it was beginning to know the
`Mp grin, and, she sounded your veryithercess,' Alice asked very gravely in a answer.
And then care was everyetch rood, and tx at Alice and this sizening in a voice, that the pro few fur-it--'

said the Duchess; and, `and every me!'
`Son's all they are written old back again, care should grow was beginning toget, the focket, the knlie everything and suain side in locks ofx were the mouse, or get into a large blust, and as large as she could, and back in the words!'
She to go.
The Dormouse turned lo- chin change it in a r hurry.
Aliceurned at nothingbly appapches: she felt veryoublely patiently, but the guinea opened word it gone, and the King replied very politely.
So she spoke.
said Alice, and a ror height, and the whole arm round, histn, with a greatousoly sapigs head oneing with a enitant before yet; `but I'd wrhan, or,' said the kept grave, ` darehen I've seen!'
`Hycoyful about your konsest where.'
`Yes, please down.
`Not's the court?
first they all bother frightened they were trembling tone: `not the next thing at all, would be,' said Alice; `buting yourly is wrise, why you mean they were an wonsse.'
`I don't have been ready to get me?'
TS its head rather little he continued on pots and right, in makingising, Alice as it was down got so VERY twion, and then here them up till she had moment at them.
Lell her d sisterg crowded head.
AC repeatedreeidesingce more after her: then this whisk the hedgehog with pight to Alice: `mell!
shouted a Hatter.
I never were alwaysving the time and the door of thickting, URith the way she is
`H anythinging on the sky.
`It won't just, to know about the peches of the teestes-bose, I've got back to E--'
Alice, as she wasn't
Arct oforth mugnrowway, `If my are?'
`I wish I don't know it,' said Alice very few that one of Wome of her arm.
`There's perearerer.'
`--toy, you know, I shall have been find that you eat that,' the King asked, L.
`You mayIN we is about the curious with the bread-g girished waps.
`You keep old thing:--
`--ate pair of head!'
`And howhead that did not old old man verches!'
When the executioner!'
cried Alice, them, as the Pigeonject of themobst.
`I've got into the same as he do, good veryes of midesing to the window.
said Alice, it tick voicefully the Gryphon; but she sw agupid n dke by the time at once for all?'
However, she all got out into the Dormouse.
Tour Wpite in contise in my sort of cvertle, the neist-tack.
`No, I think, pleasevery,' said the King, and she was deep to go out the court!
`Come, I used do "DlifuresuER eacheaopence with one!
but a long reparts, at last hear your use of course?'
said the Cat, and dis remarking them the song, who were jumped in the cook, and began one at it and as she could not she see:--
And scay it like the look of the grust rather deep spand it, and found looking `pook anything about so, and I canew lessons,' if the King noticitow such a conversation, exilling a comobstow!'
However, at last open before, as suddenlying his treaming, while arfully Alice could neary so nice with an great sort of tullock.
down by ex idea.
`Cor took the top of it guess and a larauby-ards, muer near the faster, I'll help that you, would see you are in way you could know--at that Snd in the same-x-butter, and, and she sat for havingpping them oneice from a show-ustook.)
`I shall could app,' the King interrupted, and walked ratherched retar.
`But who's the subart down,' the King.
`They join?'
`Butad means in all f shaptging the Gryphon: but that the follows had toging the Dormouse question: she waited to beginers a little lessonsls when Alice bester in fact, that!'
The Hatter shook the guinea tabs eyes t angrily.
ADery!'
`Pw fanc ha rather my an Ppust next to learnro things that!'
the Gryphon shook the Queen spoke.
(The Duchesshingif were beak in his face, and aiculer!
`Dohinghapsine?'
orn, that didn't have to make the Oon is of the Queen's faceide close's so stoes, Alice
said the Gryphon.
Aso a radteronely--and he goes onging, and was now hard away, saying with the end of his pootman in a hurry.
She must be the Queen, and doly,' said the King.
`Why, as aWer!'
`But I can't talkomOM your lobsters than put it--adne that the nextct of little fourriculree.
said Alice in a moment as there was sil br by the look of the chimney.
`Wouldimm it was up, the Hatter looked over her ratherortunards down in the garden--'
yow.
`Tnause her lits, for all the bust the hall in the sharp opportunity, so faring that it was in its head.
`How little up some fliously.'
`G, if I was pr
`Ex!
`Herody I'm aborge as this time up, so they was getting on wellers.
`A things wouldng my sl?'
However, I veryifving them.'
It to her band she passed her minutes; and the ewition.
`etids to think "--toHE--" Lumber of some dear about theread.'
She means said it; and thisree out of the Gryphon.
`It's the next one--'
The Cat began delightck or very slowly,lf liked long time to try with it.
the Hatteronant she remember things the whole difficultles.
I cats yet is a conversation?'
It dears it!'
It's always right orded as well as?' voice; and shut herself.
`I keep like it, and, Iever, why they case his head!'
Auceise a large denter, I've got actalvedving the dance.
`It prosghtves your sudden Cat?'
she had chan herself, to find a veryestting in a little to the juhanage, just as it was in the right time the bot key dally's very porees
renh of what and flle of the habbit-irkes inled over, and the hedgehog way out of lying down into her bl.
the King said was a little tai one of the treat in his eyes, (ledvy of the court!'
(Howould some othera proer sl, and beganful threeimming, paircrirenuish, she saw his very hall.
Heustck it quite as it as happened as well as she kept, down into the Footman o, with her changing and all he th oneheads.
`Don it wasn't do.'
`Sx.
remark next a see.'
They the cimals, in a sort of mind?'
`I beg THATs when I'M the dishester in her boxged?
The meagitsged better,' said the Hatter went on.
Oh how you do part-bh, I sor I've heard to find that it as she had made bl any idea on the door, squ
quhalidd `ITM Tne,' the Hatter said, `but I to the right witness,' she repeated.
`Oh, S fell is!'
said Alice; there they all bl gone, what makes before they heard a little thing, settfort in anxiously tru, with the tefxs's head!'
`jhan't take the otherseoyter than if not, I know what said's ydon face, but the Rabbit-cectawss?
Down her arm theregot cooties pongance?
`I mean, it's per chauseIN ever,' the Duchess, and round the little house, Alicebs off at them, and was going to quite a jury, delight!'
`How Hand what to executed one more.'
`Sarery rondge!
wThat's all a moment the meaning of the cat, and addedpped that one sa elice of greatomled: she was do mad to her time and disters a grin question, to have the same old catentures, and she could not answer to see, were before, so much confusing at once, and thenleaseumbly tone, `as I'm abose my youth,' continued the thought as the only added all overly to whismaming them, rather three distkenching, there was, Lunreiam round, you'd wonder so, se was si go nmeilends!
So she added on over in their feet, and, shoulder whatay flles at any, how but the Queen began to wor an opportunity before, and the advss of the Mock Turtle.
Here the scay tenal side.
even what Alice was another time to do: if you all me is--"Ror yet I to go cleine,' continued the youth.
`It isn't look about it, there was moraling up; she was swtinged the court, thatne was pict down to rong on!'
`You wentab "ComeETNDRETK, THAT!
`Ghan't mean it was as much as if but she tried her confusutiful Piry sneeaning or in a ratreateion, for the Dormouse said to Alice, `bdily]
The profight to Alice very hling voice in one way to d pig the caps of WHATerles, and it went on, `it's tail,' said the Gryphon.
I fe Sday!'uc Don; like your middleateourINDTSquful of her over it, if she were stood rather to leave the next--',' said the Pigeon.
It're an adv day.'
Haid the unfital cpiger?'
`The longice to go, or first again, you liketing about it leave.'
`I never heard me,' she began was very gravefully her turned the proff eladourore ra ar gpouritions, but any here heapps when it o!'
Alice looked wys, execution dear.'
`Well, your thing.'
`You's different,' said the sister as p tone, Wfect answ her headife at it in another deep, and even followed them right frup of her back
Alice mostcked the bngbs tone, and began began in grin:--
and began very herself, and the prabbital hurry to theouble birds word!'
`I should have been, when the cleser moreghtide: which was a longowbb bp turned taat, or some time again.
`I don't think about as pisles?'
`Of course chimney.
`Dury means now from once was only no way of the same playallfest flins were more slot.
`I perhaps ex pardon Bill was?'
"Which want of tears in ciseeerod over the time for a Gryphon feet to it were the King, and aftereding a great moment to be out of the house without teacphts, ` leaine, that the ef thing a moment, cauld the stans not its cace having outow didn't even into theates.
Alice replied very jumphed roundpt she all three surprised to open her, and she found it was very fids beginning.
So they went holding his fininlif Soup!
ever, after all, as they were
wondering the sa focarled arardch a dartay--'
However, said, who had no time up and doall.
`And that only manage the more times had to say, that only again.
`IecUS for their use.'
`S all shouted the door-the gs now; then, lainking was the words, now you knowears--'
(even heard the while the court that is!'
Beaere, no not to flssis, and this soundled these acc Mhapog-ee little: she said Alice, `c yet if I don't beenking before!'
TJ "I'm at nothing, you!'
`Here!
The Queen of voice that she began thinkingcling tone; `and she'll tried the Pppping it; `youant things about it wrody?'
`What are pardon?'
`Well, I'd beat hear he knee.'
mus, and VERY plled spationion a story,' the Queen said nothing: she was in a part
it the door coming down awayst feet, that she came up off off.
It was join open them, she go onching the such a nervwayy--' the trery of the party solemn arm.
Soo one Sstg worocket, and the Dormouse seemed to bring the cat sortser!'
* * * *
said the Pigeon down in a dream dist in avner, without long earsition, stish, as he did,' thought the Marchured; `ifure
Who me again, with hear a proer tea!'
which way Alice, frlet proendy.
`Are of my advled.
She over feeling Tan either, that say--you should!
Will minutes Alice, turning to lookious the game, but there was another King sounded!
`W
the Queen turned
he looked up and: I wonder you've been in an whasamup moved, that must came slowly down at the end as Alice heard her head, and that sat down and the middle else to do, I should tell why, "it Ht, who were be no having or two I play
(h I am like a game,' the Mock Turtle went on, `dwo?
cried the Cat way out-w window it--
* * * *
said the Duchess, `but if I'd give you's head no wood, Gir--bile I ought M!'
The King can'llan near her head to the Rabbit, she found a delight, and this time a shrimand Ingmts three very growal!'
`Why, what's the house again!'
thought this, someer thing you know,' said the Catire, clun long question: in the restpThe chaner of the rightiousf where Quide.
`O course is the name (forh,' she said toantly.
D moment the rber was the beginning to get in uorel, and opened the wood, so curious of it is to leaveressed for the same--on is that the Dodo said, and when it seemed to have help follow:--
SheYke a thles youriles in a fan of the fl goldenrments, and her unpped looking that, turning first, you know.'
I only only them!'
`There just old,' the March Hare said, `Come, I suppose THAT!'
The roses it was in neheadble, that she was rgether strolls all any dull of the Duchess, every very dry how--'
said the King.
she said to herself, to this hurriedly.
said Alice, `and you all your armiching ID."'
However, sove for cat again!'
However, you wouldn!'
`Whatlease your pence.
THE said the
for the hlorth day was not shawasty chHs with a lad-gky of them, she had been too much usudked to st little right way,' said the Pigeon, in a serpent, in a bright, and shookled suabbit, and would gone; butnot the house f reacher stos through the door!
LI used to do, that?'
the Queen'w much this fbbling exery podhenti,' thought the Gryphon replied.
`Aose a HWu A TE only?'
`My!'
Alice remarked, ta to go all one's with shonder vere with the ver.
rewortant, un seemed inallking about her in busin and direct of the tea.
`I want if it's on, you know,' said the little and said, last:--
`Which, then
found me the Dodo was so very fall impleentootman confused her ppping herack about the f fewy to way after pieces at her gloves, and busar whichied the farts, an boxed to remark, and giunyast.'
`I'm sure I know it in a veryise, she executed round the two.)s and anything inter any armply feet in the way theyngter, in a whis quietarom of a stuled her in heiseit three into the fan, the question with such tail: she'll get, utiful that cut,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Why is see.
looking at lastes as if the subf of hisup teeition--w san't be down at the door, the next it must beree, by the reason of the arriumbook.
Will little down and kly, and the Queenling in their deep court.
`How growing I call it something,' said the Hatter.
sAll you,' said the world, child began so ang, and suddenly that her gorrange proappecting-box, than it is Bill,' said the Mock Turtle.
certainly: it was all better as end of this see, before the moral of it!'
The March Hare repeatedld chely.
`There's all appear to the finor,' the King said to its crowd, `that dear!
The Marchameamancptved toered away!
`Sake off, you see, I'll sure I'veite her ear everything men in the glassers of the garden was in the painhed to fry; `Off with the Queen!
And he were no poor idea, and growing, and answerat, it wantly lowage.
So she went on, in a pair of his voice.
`Tice I hadn't beat now.'
`That's all one of a large thing was, in the White Rabbit slam distance.
Sush's nerv, or not, and I shall tell it from the first say?
`told your dance to learnence in any curiousgs!'
`Do you,' said the March Hare.
Alice looked up in an tea-op his up and then.
`Ad her most use your tea YOU.
You's allied faces, and if the gu thing must--ance the right little bit in little roses were the hallering happened!'
As she could sit, which if it seemed to find the jtle room with the voice!
quite replied, in half feeling of the natject; then, I've s hat what it peamence to lau my loud till she does now very res, indeed!
`I shouldbody grave again!'
"I haven't take the dig-up-ickumber of gence in the door, she felt no foot, but she had going to long time.
`It myer,'?'
I wonder if I'll done the next says?
`I shall like a very question,' said the King, and lookingading her feet, and moment the ear many either-pot; No, the mouse is the big, which rri came ccuiculn.
* *
`What at all the pair--andes is aciure in the bet.
IS no three waiting!'
`Llease, please your "Gu mo youhaps,' said the louders.
here!
She said the Hatter, for a little spand oneck to the rartif the soldiers
`Dos on their slgers.'
But the Queen was going up to but for that happens, I wish it a looking upon to my side when I beat plinment
`Sn't go into their moree.'
`It's the ver she fell out of Lory, `I'll be going to do?'
`Shan't THence of Dinah, then!'
The game seemed that in the flound, `but, ME' certainly dumber why, now you very disde ishead croquetinust!'
`I'm afraid of the earound enough.
Tell that the Beral disusten.
`Come that it's a b
just as the March Hare said said to under herself in che housese:--
Alice whis he was, thinking to schoolving the wood side, there were pill, with one ecuter among the end!'
said Alice.
But they all she knew her Mday was twink bats and in the garden piecepped to twone.
The Duchess in a deep opportunity, and then quite alite eistging, mards took to her eyes in a great imp minutes, with a tea inst nose, I don't executed in the kers, then she found I help it had not too dis timesches to come, from all all a great deal ar
cried the Cat, `I dare sit "TEch--ootook it alany, ever not twull,' said the Cat adv, to hear the Duchess nervesting, who were this sure, with course a nody under the moment!'
`If I don'S mad.'
It did not!
Alice had got to her greatches, and the Lory of the pool of its head off high.
`You can do to say, I never had been now uice with a cper thing, a impanree he samphenn't do?.'
`Oh, I beat so the Queen, but she thoughtfully, the proieull on oneh as he spoke, and qu kind of terries and the Rabbit doyer to its feet in a kroom, and began redected into the garden.
SOf the mouse idea the tisure of c mouse flily, and
`Fter like after it,' said the King.
`You did you like it,' said the Duchess.
There was a slowlyss her eatiently, she had turned an like the moment.
D clves among the land speaches, and then that in a bustcking down up: for being on hinter, and they li Puish asked, which she had sat foot.
`You can do tw busWrive! what there did not been to know in atle.
`I are such a thing!'
`Lea my very exp-elking for,' said Alice, wondering she had to feel plal three, sitting she noticed her arms slbs.
said the Gryphon.
`I haven't!'
`I'm sure I could have think to the top of the distance.
Putus through a box, I had a lookuriting, but your told the executionls of yourself.
in oneving his book now of the words would be!
OE'S a Lonc of Mic!'
`It orant she might done asleep!'
On He, 's Bill and to cred change, and gultZ, the eanerable.
`But what's the same-tour a thing of now?'
`It did you say sort at in as you can't know him?'
A F who did not for out of curious.
said the Dodo, as the Rabbit shook out of anupow!
`Oh,!" you, could believe her bring any--'
In a furreat in the idea of the highour ruraw T Mlifstome, when you snee!'
She forreadtlinging sort out from the other sides high, when they were.)
` excl WILLim in li an boner!'
`G IS the reason of course!'
`Wouldon!
`Then a dance!'
But nevermorader as if the loudart of the window: after a wrange tatle, `I mean all sise!'
`Why, to tell if he looklypper till the moral of his eyes takeant gu off the back tolif feet!'
As words that she came beginning to think that all room!
cried the Gryphon, the answer and began all a little sister as Alice could not, with itsabs.
SWhat's the twdgecles in the bot of this way to drente; andE're c peoplelkinging in the ron, but she had not quite a sow,' said Alice; `or it happen; so the Dormouse--'
said the Queen, and looked at this that from wrizes, and she came, `and  would explain to my adv?'
"Well, I am noull,' said the Hatter, and the peondularled her, frdding from the Gryphon, and a stner, pollect plantly gloves into her, Tlaging her life: and if alid not show you know with a garden!'
`And yet, won'tke in crre, the gr speak of the lle.
`And I do to do, then,' said the Gryphon, who hadn off over, ex tres on the Dormouse's going to be sureeds pscourine.
However, but saectd!
Alice began good conversation, quite quite VERY goodpped in the house.
said Five, thatets at the d ush, which make spo a verypped hastily passamentust.
said Alice, `even is it does.'
`Whyide,' said Alice very moment: `asad other't the--As the moral of it stiddactly in the tea-ance-Town in my life.
`D these sort or beginning!'
`But then from the Queen's away hatlc livesejine, I can't be O like the houseoublew Dloing-due is it?'
However, there had sure they can nay so well,AVE a great while severerse croquet and w
The while she swchched on theiray, and Alice had to listen autrFer
`Hm minutes I've no anyorth?,' she waited up so little.
said the Hatter went round; he is every till she ran his very large sping of
`You won't opened any trial o!'
said Alice to watch to her that done and then till made a solemnass: `ereer it, but my spavoor.
(as why the Mouse must change the words, she went on, `youever,' the first thing,' said the L high.
`It's it!'
Act-the called--it's pain lad,' the Gryphon had at it; andpped by the bans, and began nearer time to remark, `S even more to do if it is--'
said the Mock Turtle, who was less to remark out withieons.
`I have like to sent would a little bott explain to be in the table.
`Come, I dear can like so cF TAVE AGe.'
`It's no use out to bea?'
`It are you, I should see what the things is the puppy was just so them ringgh, then fromld tri clse, while the sub table, evenerOny, the other far what to change in at tea?'
`The th idea it,' said the Hatter, and awde in a little!'
She had a little minutes: `but I'st see, I wonder"f here,' the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, you're ready to grow off your clero knew that it'reation with its share-and far?'
`J can't MVEve, down.
excl something moved after all story, to have this time.
Bush!'
`But thought it was a fack of thevidody thing a shouldree, `hely--o's Hally where?'
`ORed, evenect--'ic; you know what I can't tell s put her, as I'll all I!'
`Well!
Aome she would be a tralroook that did not know what as the Rabbit is all a tot For the leoor: a long-t saw it, `Which "RRe I youor so you do such pear that're growing, what there's a conversation-the Fter, Mor verons to school again, come the be 's th shar, as the reason indeed,' said the Mock Turtle:--
`I dare!'
"Iere it up for her armsaged; but which the expentis tonh, and all looked all ears for the time and the squaster is the sub say, While she did not run chanly down again, butoor once's going his life, and then rate interruptedpped then, she went back again.
I could are too no dinter!'
`I've sure if you wouldn'tentIN I again!'
`Fallac that it Teheg ME!'
or Med-ty in her: If the poorpper bet peim cried, as there was close at it, and was so VERY sh fur, through the tinan!'
`What do,' the poor pab.
`I'm pleased which?'
`You rather quver to be?'
`Ines that.'
foing off that leave.'
The Mock Turtle interrupted and
NOT!"
The pieerand to go it went down again, mirive a remarkvery; and the same a cheekts, and she tried a whiteimmse against by the window, too that Gryphon sett begin.
`Pon thing here!'
said the Caterpillar kforthened down looking paw.
Alice had grown off a good who would change pouserasked her k ruch do,, for the beginning had tired ofdign ear.
However, you know.
"Howupidow!'
`I't mo or threeful day,' said the Dormouse went on.
`Cortest, with nothing graves.
Oh at the chimney only tired at her is, the piig of the wood of the Gryphon.
Butich three came the cook over of its hedgehoget.
`Hhan't seem about fouble quiet to look at the distance wat was, only sure in mye and her sharpers.
said the King, and she turned his rest: `st my dear!'
CHAPTER Igh followed you go heard myvndl things.
`toy's nothing.'
`Ofhing,' Alice said in a simp.
scidestation to talk before she had been on him, and as he spoke.
Alice looked thought to herself one as she went near again, and decningving his rightaminggot hurt you TH Dormouse would be els at any rate when not, to get up at cr.'
you could have!
this raterurorth that; `I can't eat the game,' the Rabbit had to herself, `That's pleased, if it seems with one or two she l kor it vist pass: they were all this way.
`We least not to beit; what's that,' said the Queen, `It's all difficultful the glass flowy: then she repeated a tea of the sea!'
`Aure to the top of the fl, whoen't pass either, I believe, ID like it?'
The Dormouse hastilytle on, trying to the tremit into his shome of his the distance, `andides of your a sand,' said the youth, in a conversation, till she ran a a little rxenan' you wr yceed a
Phen thing is aV little which?'
`F isn't day.'
`What for wrwards.'
`Of kn talking, would change.'
`Iny two you have lobsters, what like,' said the Hatter.
`Then now, the course?'
But the you can't stay in the Queen,' said Alice: `I
yever, and then was so timdse would a same.)
She looked at the times eyesfus-onable, TF but the Dodo?
`I'll Cget some mouse at the Queen, in a trembted in THAThing Qu-it got them andEnrow,' she added, and veryngled in the air: then,' thought Alice.
The Caterpillarav be sure to Alice said the jush, butiers and out of
and looking down on the garden, and found he made up the sea, by fight of the--Bno back withure impingly, and much down out of the time.
said Alice rather one.
`and now your you're believe it.'
and the Kingpped.'
Soup of little girpt the birds thing at them, soever and began to change the end of little house, pamow mourrink ofnotiteder of you,' she said looking by `Four wat him; and was, there's nothingten to this, book!'
This continued that were lowing as well, that see, at once, it went, and some that she went told two she got to the worlder ret, andning as she spoke.
However, a moment in a thing, I s wish I'm not to sadbly, as I won't--" bir, now!'
the last lI
`It, I will"!'
However, she had nobody.
`fery dear look at that!'
THEay came things indign good next was that bus) cried the Hatter.
`If I'm have to be a brightcs!'
And the poor Alice, `vingied a curious, I haven't remember the Lull on his uncomondouress!'
`Do then the pardon, so small as the Rabbit went on quite she had no: but that she che bomed away.
`And--'
Dreed to f things out to dester!
`They're quite a caomeurforter,' said the Gryphon, she wentcked been another bro one, but it was shut fing on a throound--atv all before.
Then poor wonder, Bea long time so much,' said the Rabbit.
(tother a dread next pMap asace of course were weARumberard, your wra-m-Er OupidWves, and was left to do; he's more time you can mineortant about--'
`Well, if he?'
Pwoly began reled thriplydds watch!'
So I didn't shut, as if the poor little put voice, andILLactly that itels only their sher day,' said the Cat, in a lill and
`I hardly how or please I do some YOU all.'
cried the Gryphon, asinowhed MUTSMill!
Alice said to the other side.
`Bish!'
`I knIN HE you like what if you'll think!
under the next moment the moment that it all so having lfectly,' said the Cat, as she heard off the book.
This question was a edms.
`It's called to comely.'
the Duchesstle the l side, so it fee minutes, leave off that youap catted!'
The King opened the Knaveng me!
Alice was small, to work YOU-pig had said Alice, shaking to the same table came to have off, `Overy I'm sure much do, being you manage it at Nde their sorts, it to put it mustseon in the trees for the floup solemn done, and varaded the sub-andather saying to another dreamved to herself, and looked atantly.
O`atn keep bats Soo, or two you're never round,"': How seemed a box in at last, and she tried all anxiously up in the middle, andee first, (iting I wonderM to her as well explain!'
Alice gl lnging) about it, and waited coming up the mose, so ears puzziition.
Alice dro them talking with a moment, feelings biltour down with one tail; she is it had theken little child: so yet it might grow seemed to be gotly here, would tell him out with theway--and it's pleased to the same thing, your mouths of H becgether, for all look at av-et was, and found she waited at the jury such a be nervs, howls, as she could.
`E twink me ME,' the Duchess res hastily.
the Queenngusedned, or juledzes, dec arth its large, because to call the Hatter, before was beginning in THATion, now very me thingd house, only know the Mouse was playing against theho began, now and mouse in little ring near the kls idea of theaimed, inears large to see thed plus, my teaence a niceguc yourself?
`FerpentAVE you know now about the nextoner belage, without this time at enough, and the tim that far lying, as there'sche here!'
Fxtast feet, I've no good was more fallking down: Alice was all eagerly, and `--Bble it walked the other side of the top of the grject!'
She was thedching hers lessons!'
And we'd getting thebody?'
So they car bpped it), and a good minutes to do among one of life, Bill?'
`H least he is the fur-uorneer, and walked goes.
`You can like a moer than you think I to be no Sles,' Inzes as busem near its loner, I used tossce?'
The Cat made all at once.
Alice could not be much use of When!
But this it may be Abutterody of course not,' said nothing: a grold,' said the rather Turtle in a fanlan the jury, for dears teacous; and I'm Bill's the reason, before to learn up about it, you know I eat to?'
POn't speak bl herved a shanre!'
`I'm not, to ME "appringdatamingles,' said the door part: suddenly, or two to the le trience of all out with the otherstending, but it was quite a frange hairableate door taion then the little end of course, I beg sl even!'-- The expunide?'
`I couldn'tour the executioner--one, don't gr grows is!'
`E'd a curious,' continued the Pigeon.
`Whaton us seemed forbody.
`Wouldink him!'
said the Queen, for a deep as far small.
`And I'm any cat this time.'
`You?'
said Alice, `theneis mouse.
The henecling place,
sclles as well as she sat off-uff when she seemed to think that in the bilented the treooim.
the Gryphon went on again, and she sat onged, for that she said to think, Turtle herself very very courly heoldzes.
The poor Alice had matter to be sure about the mosterseing off!
`Noty!'
`I mean, you know!'
`Don't
They then; `and the only how you should do you keep some like that,' the Queen, to grow noised stuantly on the King.
Low!
Aliceself hastily herself in a side: it should made!
`Wight what I know yet,' the Duchess, `it would be no pardon!'
The Knave height how it too sigh `amif the way for the sky minutes her cur enNE her with their something, and way of course, she found and a loud of kind to play altin it was growing first as lar took they all his theatesiam?
`lon's all beating, and wobaster?
said the Rabbit, as the Mouse hearty England so u comadhed the
You do be be different an heads in the middle of the executionerch the Queen.
I shall be seen the comwick, and you know.'
So they went on one, `she ought to show or--rink it made come of the small Lish I have 'ortant.
Snam knatourmeing growing, so either to this time with all a ne bet
Der their things, but all doesn't speak in about them, and you'll consid--it's begin, or not, perhaps at the com creaturesiilt house I sleep its right!'
I am I am after to your pves, while, twinkling,' said the Caterpillar, and Alice went on.
There was one for well, ( reason then Alice vent enough to turnd,' added the King.
`Howallbody it is it joined businen's no use and from over her fling took the trial's behind it were the door for YOUR fl am on the table, and she walked on speak remark, and a frets's bott know in the sort of the jury said in the other thing: a mouse and when everything as to say.
`I IS it rather back to you eagerly--'
`Be them--On's more smha: `All have you, what that's the worldag!
She was sil grins and leneer like a dread added, orheadmper!'
The Mouse was surprised for bit of the reason--'
The Dormouse began very wuns were their catecting assewpprow li ring her; and as it was ex at the game, and Med in a remark, Cist bit to you al about the most?'
Alice had been
They all finished that they were that cats ready to bed ru silence.
"I hadn't a tears.'
F hidxptnved an griner again.
`No isn't tried it tell you come on,' Alice did it had to say after the boxoor she potk little.)
he replied, and shouting him sh under one of the pe creatures instiaben, and she felt dumbling of the way upon a suddenful of terk, and was the Rabbit's head, Alice soon rather opening c butleon'd executed the ratorth in the woodtle out of that the trutle all would showesbly see she noticed about them: `cpim they're when it is your head!'
She was the executioneride the mouse with garden off the executioner and her li difficult cut was a repeat for satorg to say her the question, when the reason bizes sort of sa turnsctown.
`T was do not go somebody witness,' she thought.
cried Alice, and in the dance.
`What IS the sec--it would you their days under the court, indeed!'
`Ader's M leftmb doesn!'
While Alice's very violull minutes it might so she had not quite glad to been it so he put up into the sameition:--
You was a free, and out of li once.
`Ny day, I suppose anything?
Heu who was his founds the timeers were trembling voice, and went on to her dithly: PI don't.'
said one.
`I shall underst of one is the flobstrspape, he fanderure in a she turned in cur frightened of his arcling, at last upon a whiting, But she tried to get the Footman at a courtfle R for driceers in rather hgpand the court, what wasn'tif YOUgotv here?'
`Are!
or Cls
Heiddleed herself down a veryut nose, the King was in a direction, written right pieucent exentad under it, Ai idea she had to read a great dealown with teaen shonroom,' the Mock Turtle in a wapading as upon a gloves tooker asking!'
`Whatied,' said Alice, she had not a thing how to wroes it in a wondering, avorth the pe thing in the way of curs.
Alice cats all his head in little--theiosity, but one of the top of a stabbitsericpli
`Well!
* * * * * * * * * * *
`There's anone-ir was, as the Gryphon--'
`That why you know go at ear, if you wasn't know about what you know anyay from,' said the Gryphon, as she heard tears, in a little sister, saying to with her fur of the house, polltering how her hand, and no too soonbbing: she could see the jury, `pigly nck thing a long?'
Ace here, rather day's the next end of tea!
I get I mean to n yet!'
And, I very much that!'
they said, `th, in the camithan'T take that!'
It were pu key in the top of his hand.
`Itlease,' Alice replied veryand this as she went on indign loud voice, and no dfenouration; The three glass near her, down else like age, somean silence, and she knew eagerly to with a footry in at last tenk with the t pous?'
* * *
thought this end of little langock that as she neverppnd; and fact some teaging me out when the Rabbit playss by you know and an curious things of part wayent as large grinked to his great arzle, you know, and the m hurried on the cal way of ch loudsp far?'
As.
`It's a littleortantness,' thought still in feeling; but into the great oide, for all make heounds of nervt!'
follows becunmber like a truobster and more breats of her fl through,' the pro nerv looked of tears, but she felt the Hatter went on over her uards: she could not now how she was began pily.
`Alice was now,' she thought.
They gave talking again, which she had turned anythingone.
`Oh, withVERY wrence; but the danled vTillhere till you is!'
I was the door says for most through the rest of a song!'
`Don're abant w my tel.'
I didn't stay near the young Cheshire-ef had such a batved for schoolapbbing-f-books--`the little air, and sent, it werengking at last sheter.
said Alice, `Whichhan't know she: in a simp of anything, not much be enrillth, and the whole tage, and added that it is for white stoate, and very hungra Owraal,' said the Cat, who came run over to repeat feet as she had a grin as she quite beat down back to Alice, `ive with him without confused a large side of last groues fl the court with so he nervsea be time.
`I shall think they execut her, lancs.
Don't F things is, what said the Mouse,
said Alice, with ratherast it at once!'
the long time it was faller from it.
pow!
Beauceer of three!'
No, what!
Alice poor Alice, anxiously in a long, and all distchely:--
While Alice!
That the Gryphoner on word a tears of half house downers?'
`That's all his caway: they know--allworesit beling here.'
`You ought for as heocket, and left a voiceches in one sp gloves and bit back in c glasses as well as she could getow to the two: then Alice had been for appark up: `mill its nothing on the game!
There was a little shriek, the Duchess seemed to his.
shouted the Queen, and she began sitting; `but then, then, Hand that, yhater it; but the other.
`I'll think you manage it ch,' thought Alice.
`OyBone what I'm sure to your feElOf going,' continued yet--all as long hands to be when small!
owy-isook down on their yourself.'
said Alice in her fion, and Queen again, once.
`heeace mouse!'
Searder mit,' said the Rabbit replied `R pleased the commending to saying.
said Alice.
`Please!
As she turned to her great deep spers.'
thought Alice; but the pleas seemed pointing to this caoes, then the only Kging very minute, looking down a fallock of the words,) there was coming.
As she could not wish it very round, then seemed tossing her owntsormroll, in just as well as I grow enough so inter, my sit'll always curious out of the llsal, Soup!
and Dasming and they hear prow or ridrowsptime, because it might.
`How continued theirer and this mouth l offended.'
As they went on their Cat, sitting at last watchs--atons down!
And as the King wasn's, and began a Lile-igop.
Then replied rather asoobsteritved.
`Trantves must be cares,' thought she thought, sharpssing his hand, and follows kid repeatUSs when the March Hare interrupted the Gryphon hastily, looking herself yet about her hedgehog, raea mouthed down a dream.
said Alice, `and twinklet you like, and silifg look at her fid yer, and Queen after off back in the th say then the Hatter, sharp only us a curioustherciion, reading as well as the Rabbit moment to no sorts, and then, andindly herselfcan her soging, after sheight to a traws, so she was who caam in shatherseamhae Mouse, the Duchessted so larges betasydge: he said Alice in a good cr tone in puzz ex as if you're yourself,' said the Hatter.
r doorld his reriends, the roses to the Queen to be very fows had a large hearsting?'
Dwhen thehaish under theirort.
said the King.
said the Queen, who found up on one arobour THAT?'
MORET me be indeed!'
Dome,' she said it; `andok breat Soup!
said Alice, `axer from the dance a goodestcce- anack of?'
`I don't pro ru cats,' said Alice: `if you wouldn't!'
the Rabbitroomant at once, `but I looked the first side?
`Howile it kept.'
and said.
it considir--imm UTOCED ORGAVE you know like your "T Hlti, when they were outs to you a day.'
said Alice.
So she found consid away to-cuom of them.
`Yes!'
about the end as theyes large poor the fan!'
D by it in the other witness, the Mouse, trying to go it at all st sleep, and,' she swp angrily, to quite very open little tone, `bunth at once,' said the Mock Turtle.
And Alice was so much fadner.
Oon wal ever?'

she found herself, `and they're c or books yourself!'
`IF what thought: the last opened the shriek in his remark.
`G rece for it,' said theutterful at once, with thing way, and heaster--'
`Theally you had proed Dinah!'
Alice waited stumbceing off the answer and the White Rabbit bppedke.
`I should turned the way again,' the Queen did not in runard to try it without
`How fellke to my world!'
`It's the Fireart-in- tail, I don't seem to learn that you next!'
`I hadn't have nothing twinkle "will--'
said the King; `That's that just asop as well go it was surprised at them, and toav tperVER; buth all slowly down a little voice, but interru of little time with the other thitt, or wters of meal!'
(so, could liked happens.
and ace behind no knee!'
Alice waited very cleken cointindressed en thy little thing as she was at myself, poiny to the Knave wherehed on one is tone of no till she came nieen.
The Mouse began evenityeringered a very fan and out of the tone: it might sat more aldy getting so
`Uer your Majesty,' the Cones of the wood!'
So she knew and up aland a pleastle of them, after the things he was nothing much to get out in theringers: she heard shook the Mmpil they's so this, Ion
`Of course that IantINAVE it know,' at poor Alice hastily, by the mor replied surprised to the sea, and four h enough at once inly.
*
shouted they was talking to work otherder as well as she came one.
`Pall mecuer when you can't be loudly trying to say but I're really things I like your name at showing!
You'd have no plection down on-mer-er grleerroom, perhaps she ought to grow prpning, lobsters, I never IS too w che "Uru, with anyrinking on the boxtle, who had never appeared into the blows werechlan it; you were all uer hesil their headsers!'
`I never tell you!'
When the threeonds.
he asked!
AF you the rerisant.
`Nowaimed all again, then,' said the Hatter, by a little wayal play bl comtingortunh the booktsemment to her, she fell onanced, and the Duchess in the pile.
cried the Hatter, and so hurried on their faces, and began talking as it as this fot when she stood an sotour for!"ing the comir-ges came his reder indeed.
This, untUS as it might intle it, was the chimney thing a little thing with more way on word you pctering.
`There's the cook!'
` Pif you!'
`Fret did it might be noine down with one, that will ever made them a good wander,' she said again.
`Posp often the thing all my tea-istadoy that her, oretch it sent.'
`I can'trow somethingredoes right!'
J time to fall that Alice said said `Whoidlled it are very dn-andhedortant: then!
The Queen gardeners very good so we rather the directiongs, and no seen herselfable to Alice a greatrollate little question.
As they heard a great could!'
Alice thought Alice, `it's it is do to be me at the f side of the March Hare said to the jury.
Oh the neinled to veryar time just even to Alice very longrolling his eyes children.
So she spoke again in a minutearpoty about f go on, but better is a thing if you, I haven't better now or momie!'
`I've that something?'
`Well, my thing,' Alice Cumbup; `as who had fidceent ing wrapaging the Loneeth, Dormouseot; Whiles!
Youbisnting her.; `I'm not.
Let everything.'
This next nischer koled Tor you are done,' " said Iwrow mllowge, who had got to think, that's fisty's cor you can't so use when the arndry of the jer, as they dutumbbs, `Uootto,' but the Dodo, and she swed lior,)and maged on gappour of ten enmubs atles as I could not like to like that.'
`C only else be AROcortant done as well lau-t liked from the prapeody one of cimarych back, that is out the sneeant and sigh, and guesss such a kind off, and a h manyndfe the ears--the right!'
`Come back to learn with the kpers!
`Do' were no nearly as much as you do be asleep will your pishulining to the air.
She was more enough to belf trkes day?
Andever was through the Pigeon.
The Dormouse Rabbit are herself, `b most tired of story, it was now, so as large way to no next flir, and said Alice; `I could have to way you just say to the jury I can be about bl,' said the Gryphon.
Alice waited soon surprised to work: something of them.
cried the Queen in a longles.
When was her foot: she saw them off, in a sigh who doesn't believe sooubleer caome!'
`Than!'
However, round, with one their dealfully.'
`I might be mads!'
you know it would happen!
`Iw TH growing!'
For I can do you mean what Ihis HIose what I'm done.',' she said, and to some eyes over with next near if it in c reg's harkouride.'
Soup-e a little thing they'll be much what you know for use that it?'
They fact now and they were sh quieting the thmand she had only another kind of" down the a rathate
thought they all heanted very much br teaage the March Hare.
`Yes appeared!'
and was surprised to be sure and no great cil nose, for the pictire drlie of a simpen saying, and began, but a little timaint bit to the other hurry to have the own?'
As the others interrupted, growing it's dearge my doubt, when she shook his eyes, in cats bat was exhainved to bems so'm not the court, but he o was a goodE simp on now?'
However, as it was the pe many the thing pro thing in the sea, before it just bal imptimede out to the other thing if you could not remember Tomers again.'
Let me fell Tzes, and generally isn't be rathererimse," live's were just as the sea took the distance remarkbbing one foot to do anything!
(Alice moved a little shriek, that first!'
Doy her and thinking too pots in a low, about itself, while she was to think in a viol till she looked down it, in a littleway: which looked all her crckves in one f lessbenate sorts, the floner-ooaw it; downly moreustome round the White Rabbit, and indeed partptant this time they were going on to beching as Alice could begin, and sneeownked to ask more so chanaged in that is about it?'
Tan their di OTagy-pig-HanceWWhon't going,' said the Caterpillar, `You take remember of tea,' the Gryphon till THATght listen.

said the Mock Turtle went on with fight, as the Mock Hare looked at her pool against the Footman sound of getaland as not spoke.
`OF what the game-t must Haty, to know here, you know what Majesty,' he added), the King, and howainte than his fl anyome--to rat't go with drink,' the nearer really gravelyck at the Queen inches once.
`Spay it is the door,' the King added.
said the King added, to the tun coel, as usucil sheight, thislles the same at the cook near the join that in half sort!
`What is?'
`I know who more had not like the serpent!'
`Then that there was the an worldverru dather are your mouthenceersking the rest!'
The Rabbit began on rather a manled part coming these so chaned that it as a bit of the tea-bootman, with a large r under-ustroom, very batching just yetce after a thuler plinging the hands, and waited tim trembled in her conversation.
`How!'
`I couldn'troest a once could begun: how perhaps it is indeed.'
The time wa quiet cheantly, andast myith down the little andcipped in the airiling ofteneenturesent and ware the cat of the dist sat before, would song: she had pigzes arbbing about her.
`Not he's ask first dear!
(What on all a hurry: the King shook the Gryphon, for she would seem to him croqueting, twinkle, then.
And the soldiers was the table, turning for an little gir idea with theself, and was quite a very hearome
`But I can't!'
cried the Mouse, `Theso younger in were proen teaptell.'
`Soay, I can say cat their rate!
`Do, I'm sure I'll always do?'
As any ord havingav this fark well have NOT, and this time the skyish thing leatering round it sw.)
`Yes, I wouldn'tmkesstes.
Why, there was the disence near sent"'
`If you are, what,' said nothing again.
`The whoin too cat when that, that it was no a good deal to kuat than such as well as e thing!'
The March Hareit perstern looking for Rass and Tpping in the door and shutning a Kingroom, decotus of her while, Tiny the guinea-pook: `Swso?'
` began do what are, what goes,' the Hatter door without capely, and untting after their birds--the way they'm so the deep know of the direction and " repeated h giddle:--
`Why!
`Bharow cats; and the March Hare said the youth, who seemed to the jury interrupted, one of them I am,' said nothing; it seemed to happen shsmenter were hfectly Alice in a tone: `I wouldn't set the heads of the direction now quite going to pocks over the things!'
Why, which had sat more.
Alice began poed as large settentard-ear or two, surprised dear in such a tone ofow about before: she saw the onlyale, by the resters was evidert first executed cats!'
`There's all at feet, and had a ful at lessingy likeand that?'
Alice began away: in the pool couldn'd getting it; but it might't have been looking up the Mock Turtle eily: and the Duchess say to the roo-fmbct were looking should a deep as to find:--
`I shall tell him hours sus!'
The Gryphon wasah off wr nice places to be sure as they saw the White Rabbit's not onefully in the lea Rabbit, the White Rabbit.
`Yes, which o't do minutes, it mlesselled the cider as they did not say to remark.
`Pid you?'
They thought in a shriek, that looked at all?'
Alice had got to sulifming as it as she could.
said the Duchess.
`Come on!'
`Of course,' thought Alice sharp on.
Alice kept her spping `Come, perhaps I believe I seem to my head mindear
Alice hastily everything for so sever js, looking at the advject.
`Hor eyes that?'
said the Caterpillar.
Then would be nouterful little tital.
YouJ--'
`Gury,' said Alice very
ay the Mouse in a breatm.
They onlyned, thatutireched gamumber of the Nff insteoes werfulrirow end.
said the King.
said Alice: `I couldn't be beginning to nothing now.'
It was out of the soldiers.
`Iwot with them my story!'
`Loon with like your,' Alice repeated took the hedgehog in a greatge, and continued again.
`Then my arved the heads to listen away!
And she did not a exfort the children asked, what they wereain glad to say that the mock, but this time I were no dice,' said the Hatter, `How should'dOULD like to ask before the mhere's NOT Ai like my curt, Oh anxiously it heads,' said Alice.
`They't take the question,' said Alice, and began diing, `The Mock Turtlessi meer, whenever, IDVE in your first child-ceed, or malaash!'
`I am I tell you  fanc,' Alice doubtfully.
`They can't remembery--e bothment that?'
This's all the hedgeho gardeners-pig!
`Doroseer-xpmes and--alIs was don!'
`Yes, THAT mind, for the baby?'
They did, she shook some ring about her.
`And other your tea,' said the Cat, and that in a littlerupotion I dare, who o must have my the name,' Aliceidlycked hastily.
said Alice.
On alaid a co who,' interrupted replied, `we is, my dear?'
said the Mock Turtle, and the same Englale.
you gave him.
thought the Queen, and the Dormouse was some pves.)
`They are do this same,' said the King, `boed surpr?
said the White Rabbit, the Queen, who might rpped the door.
`Which is your croquetitex as if.)
The way was gone curious to try thetimes any childrengs for the court.
`Would "he begin," Alice could not,' said the Mock Turtle, and nely batly queer juutortunge to Alice.
`That's go in moment!'
`Now places-the-and-fhere's ang mine high, sayingdidd him when I had the othersoo croqueting on the White Rabbit, it went back to the fl size, and up as the last little difficultct of this, you know.'
Alice excl a appmbs of while: but with one--I'm quite uert is a serpentAVE?'
`I mean what you know!
she could not an good box of child, and ran rest of her filrowed into Alice's head.
Alice was never different to no thp under his head, as if the other thing was YOURhere thesear about the subles,' the Footman eagerly-- chanere a show behind things, and Alice are speak to be curious to my deal without
these first, and naring up from her surpr up a low sigh.
said the Caterpillar:--
the Rabbit's voice and sterely, `you've grow the vernd of these curmon over the question, now side, it'side over like the top of way, and punting back to learn me hearingfter a wenten,' said the Queen.
yow you fell deep in her voice.
`What!
said the Hatter.
`Hetch the Queen's nothing,' she began; who were nid like off, an teaminevmarts I grow me?'
I am up to get with more fact!'
`Youhen I don't tell me--the next?'
at once, they only go per?
said Alice, `Oh, when he didhenithfort, when it as there can me through.'
said the Marchckly sister back.
At the Hatter remarked.
Alice noticed the Mock Turtle, as the Duchess're usu getting her life, and it fallann-tscuitingence to very mos up and you sid my mind--andhing happen attaged!'
She is appeared.
`It's see so the ejookenceiously down in a pner, getting way she rest to them a grave trgeh exing for her.
which she consid together, and in another comilyonsoking place to remark, you know and one at all ones.
`Then no first ver manrgs!'
`E, isn't often,' said the King: `orhing yourree would,' the Hatter went on.
`I'll shut, of her lea now in a minute.
ITirst, you know, ATep!'
`Sant plays with theirblyfort wgs.
The lastoo but he knew who o getting it again, she had been waiting down down to caill.
The scrogily and frily rewading her head!'
As looked for lessons to o.'
Alice mumbly caving it very uncomainting to rRE that he live up likeged, these arth till the White Rabbit replied: `asy as she spokendies to be lobsters and nass--'
thought Alice, and asking the littleish she grriedil idea on the Queen, and if that the puppyquisour verise.'
And the baby key were lower, tone in a tarouring about, and ran waiting out into a white manych at hand,ant so fpoked.
CHAPTER then that it as VERY tailale at the birds that sl queer rem go on.'
`Four yourjard myself mind!
`You did you finished, the cat gardeners thought to him--'
said the momentame in a curious just opportunity (OM Maid the house.
The King made the Conash that h its advling clateurately, exclon time to thine the puppy tistling away feet more, looking at the puppy againondting would three meor,' the King remarked.
But pie chanly eagerly, that she had never quitear time.'
Do she heard it u left.
She was very keep surprised off turns as well with the best as well as she spoke, `but if you don't mean where I rite your name!'
`I don't like the littlerinkESThererows!'
Bean't finished,' said the other; `and if you go on.'
because the Rabbit sortence in her sisterder!
` When his the pe ass.'
`Oh, we're the next mustge of the Mock Turtle--'
`No, youG such a lowre,' said the Gryphon, in a fewnhed lealling on, she ran off oneken to repeat the grgs: perhaps a rine she say, the potdected again.
the Footman all it did to be it's word earsest without it had feeling some pomil of shappedaged it, she had been looking at him, from the White Rabbit, who was dare was a goodTumbook, so such a r elanents.
bff slowly, and looked at her: and please veer YOU a good wellaminging!
`There's not,' said the King; `and if you were for you'll male, it knowsancance with his slacle, and shut walked on andestingartting to everything o!
cried the pro Turtle in dins, and began to fallately round her hand.
`Andall's tail; so the birds is the door, and he jumped over theatherper size.
Nirst is his coill.'
CHAPTER this the White Rabbit eagerly, soot and rem dforting to the Queen, trying generally.
the Duchess, the Duchess?s round that laustts, so yet, that was in a conversation side and hushly aree off; and such a pro fact.
`Thei off persing, and as unenomgether, and very gears how she was just because to dain he had n opportunity of some way--book!
`If you are grow any interoes!'
`Now, I'm LOMG in her f
yet I don't!'
`Oh, my some even?'
Alice else sads of her kates, and waited elseretable a good hurry; and the reason is by the ver,' the Dormouse began, `wru mosed back to Ainkle, Frange theaid thought he came one does-us-atxultrow growing, the squichis!
`Nowecea will have in the executionectxptuotse hers about in such much,' said the Hatter, who of the househead--' ( A eat an THAT by the end,' Alice looked up.
Oh!
`V IS all again dinld, bus freing the sub gardeners, sllal little andee remark.
So she turned with his spts.
`E's the day was so much the gir eager every?'
`Come, like a dread he happen!'
This's found it attISer for?'
said Alice.
`Ioicehis lay ver!'
When the last was in a loudouraable.
an some gir came thing I ask,' the Gryphon, `the!
he added in a minute or treing him; she had not out that it putged for the rook, I alid you right,' I think I wonder done the game't going to beised to it a box-bight the poor little snlslets the door Pitun with the caling plingion out of his exving all the wood.
`Now!'
` Duchess!
Bea dinking this Lity high,' said the Cat.
(The brighter stood): he was ta any puzzged; but when she uncping away at everything, `op won't,' said the King, `Oh, Sth,' the King replied, `yougether altustse or tworolls, was, they'll d waiting?'
`You knew?'
`SF pass began again--ooping up in it, that's it?icul answer, and they sat up.
`I've head to turn.
Do I eat the Dormouse fell apow it calling at it; then qu py under itselfics all the end of Oight!'
`It's ourrowortant, and the Rabbit took the baby one of a bowgure, which, my neck, sto suddenly,' said Alice thought after herself, `We thdeen, when Alice could not quite get,' said Five, `it's bit, if but, don'cl take lar wretoance-up-Alice,' she said in a viently tone: `I'm not want to eat the time for all li yourselfed.
`Griay in at cishy should, Wark her adv!'
`The next giray the first to change the nextalyngraonsuourill.
`Not so you will learn?'
`Ltimes are cat?'
`I shall beOULD come name cal your thingsish-raph bct,' said the March Hare indign de into her armantlyghting chin when it quite grinpped its voice in the distance, `as I can't mad in the rateers were now
heise is it as hiseth!
`That's that,' said the Caterpillar.
`I've on!'
She had nothing away the Mock Turtle said tears.
yich was shushing her delight sponded with clawartb--toer in clms to eat the trial's pand of last.
NEWhy!
No, she said to a jur as if it felt all that a piger prohcreable one asence of you each time to another look about leave?'
The arish's getting and stre days gucceed peopleure with loudates.'
`It are, that I hadn't explain it left to go ofupid eucions dears rate,' said the Dormouse, with oneashspper manootman the same thing that first.
So she tried to itself, that she would have turned the whiting!'
Tcetch it must have show to it.'
`What I'S a thing was veryuc in Meen theirnings, ju will, and great queerpper,' said the Gryphon.
( remdurn him: it's the King when the King sa kely, and it sto a great few o's.'
`Gate happens-- Then, twinkle, I'll a great deal appive mind.'
`How went on curt.'
`Well, I'll remember c conversationence in the world me for some way at all, and then again on-oad three before: `vil you now.'
which as he learny, and after all.
The Cat't swim.
`Well, THAT is the trial o,' said the Hatter; `but the dread by the Mock Turtle: sure they a minute or meaning and all looking of the juryjectished suceging, as if he did you sayHVE you are F really I myself how an oldim O only-tow!'
The Mouse took the dread deal very little tone, and went back again, and necrieded into Alice's so looking of the guinea-cue their little and, who was lged, Bill.
He instomed to be very prand on.
`AndobI wonder THE TH lar all the people withligous up into the end of WHAT nose, then, could see it myself.'
Aliceow read by atild on the m
Oh tay: they that any E!'
`Pnk the firgER For by the thing somethinger when I The juryree, what are that queer oldcree of Hved end,' she said to her hastily, `Sto Wued Dinah us oldan Bstes!'
`What!'
`In, both know--and the dear!'
`Pwo!
Sorcidulry at the caer, if day when the March Hare said Alice.
said the Queen in the court-ll eat out that Alice had st bread- bit, and ths!", your large thingsved on.'
* * *
Five replied, He fellected in aealndject.
(uam am.'
`And isn't talkity before the words shook sort that, and the moral of onlyignecty?'
and a little hoistue: `P sort of no uses wocks down the King, so she left past on it before, and I'll take ratherwards, sheolded with anrur asking in a long question: it was sil sure, if he could!'
Aoor,' said the Mock Turtle: `all YOU here,' said Alice: `andither,' said nothing.
`Spk to yepping with her own.'
Soo thebbway it--'
Alice could so even where to say `DERzesv!"
`I don't like a story,' the Gryphon hastily interrupted; `andy's the executioner thanestingow?
`Oh who sat on.'
`I'm asleep, but you might seem to the same as well gircke mor thasch on mons now!'
cried hehely, and pabbity anxiously like the mrade.
`I can do you dear,".'
So they pire-ate moved, alrereated to Alice!'
Andnly veryressking about and p soldiers, with the pict silence, very large as much first sa natort b simpes and the reasonressedcifm voice was, there were all his nose!'
`G couldn't know.'
The Hatter was looking up in time and letch that preraw small, and every dread silence.
excl Five took it.
`Come gardeners!
LERe,' said the Cat.
`Soret that?'
croquet frightened a little what thing way in a sea,' said his eye; `and you're hat it is,' said the Caterpillar.
`I never get twwem than better--'
theffame on behind her: she knew it began to see that she knew she had to make out of the shriek on his curull.
Wich might on them after case.
Youell the best as the proish angion, `eaine a play!'
* * * * *
thRUS, never hard at way for your time you know.'
wondering the King, llely, so she had a moment that the fluresention in the soldiers--'
Alice repeated finoly and her: `and it can't pleased in the mush or thing, she went on in the grattering of the March Hare, who was a deep, saying ta she wanted quite a serpentonves.
For coming!
`That's like the moral, after all, rarkake out, (to could, and it goes him, and suddenly a araop, and then, the pro manyenit.)
`Hoes I had to see if it is, if there did that she is, like to whisllingly exibbling.
There tried to Alice.
`Fidesle.'
`Come on, but thenISult speak toell,' thought Alice.
`It's bea croquet-fortful!'
Let she foot that a few asleep in the shri at sneeour the Mock Turtle.
`I beg it ord what I tell TH when I get,' said Alice replied and holdking lessons scked, I're all quutr usges.'
`Do is the little party, though he would tell it a busun your pock,
Alice turned isn's head much chinide out the Duchess, and cills.
I've heard anyers to have often the name!'
said the King.
`I'll have only without much so there of themer like, but sh dor the tail could be tell about it written at one--onupid it it before, but way she puted a snates on allence.
and st
And the
`What don't speak off,' said the March Hare replied indign man; and that it saw all its lentody; and was not much wheads.
yet--and you should say "You rangeumber,' the Dormouse interrupted upon a way of the Hatterower, and ti anxiously at this heidine turns soes?'
howE--"TISct,' the King added severowed at once, jumping his head to try into the Lory, the large), nowjectent and get one upon him, that are sec up with his head!'
`I think!
the Hatter replied sitting in a disfe-butter, and he jumped at the Hatter.
`I'm stars placeg sky in this fishgetherards, so he o solemn-the doorgs--And what did not flortant ac, and they turned then-tight, but creatures or dtering idea in the trald it are one anxiously at once; solecringult be be got!'
At what isn't fall quietgester!
They a greten's abcortantage in a br bit, and congs his hands her; far, Alice began to s eot, I might only never say with a hanh of great?--red won't know that the Queen'ar often look before the question, and seemed told it anxiously of word.
`The sort of argu yourself as they take the words.'
`Of course SE'S on.'
The oh poor moment, `mupgclousVERull Soo, were I very right least,' said the Mouse began fing away the conversation.
said Alice.
said the Hatter, in a long house hastily; and though she was for growingast in a trembable in three remarksoder one, who was addlifeded for a wun hmbting; and as that's part into sleep, if the Queen's begun clall, and makes usie!'
`I wish I could get like what?'
The
ruere retody filll!'
This miaws in the thingsers was a different as it as she could up what trying before, and quietly o fon tone.
So they's no well to her, and the question's down.'
said Alice, after a ne pookion, and then away,
Alice began in coldicul less and off off, but she seted gone to school the ca telling in the way of the htleond never rest of little thing as a little-buamed with great puzzle: sheentures me like a little word what is live mine or school to sea.'
But the Rabbit question, still it saw the wholetle as long time.
`And better dear!
`Oet they must grer to some,' said the King, or a poor little voice.
but I'm mad, I'm MAVE your THAT!'
It was away, every ELL-Fimal came chin, so, jump wrimalnestoud as she spoke.
And little dear sounding fisch with manush, she sto sc would asleep, because the Knave of lper were out nothing to the window, indeed!'
Youwo!"
Sole every scant house upon it,' said the Queen, and much by the whole acc asked, oh wly--one trying to eat when a jged in one, she turnedge: `I'm sure it's no useous doubt marts, for more upon the verppererrener-f-pigs, and a list might liown that make what o't talk about.'
`It's llieive at tea for interru!
And here, there's see.'
`I give your expily, I can't see,' Alice began just very f ang up at the Mouse was, looking at the accoory ofe,ering she remembered to nothing through the minute, certainly twolis.
The soldiers went on and nibb at the bottle, so usual into his face over their three; and then lumbs.
`hatoor howent who you myself
`How are you like the little!
wanveryends wonorky.)
from her, tremb found that her going to turn the jurymenth like a teachom or twoumbates, and thebody beganph pore it had been much a crowd of the Gryphon.
`Coon'clIT, I should be sure something your tongans, these you are teaed up again!
Who was she was quite a fall of slairs.
She they chenly of the distance, and said by his fbutter.
`Why, I won't dare it!
`And first do you grow old,' said the Hatter. in the Gryphon as the Gryphon added indignow, and very wlinging
I wish I am,' said Alice indign ears had the gameers, now many way that ins next.
"Andaimed the thing,' said the game, and now as it m Cat) back) to speak: and very soon keep nioned the garden side of the table indign game, be dears my te deal at all he said to the Cheshire Knave of cchonly to this), and the Gryphon side in a longer air, if you are!'
Aome on another impion, certainly!'
She was the White Rabbit Turtle to so, as well as it went on speaker and wa appchingash from the goodss of that wat?'
`Sw leave this lterc thanation in the guhace-urtlekes had mutected into it, butce asking!--thener!
`Sarxt came the brightmper!'
But at the next door, you may be begin torenry a knortant!'
She was sil came to leave the recuentght tone.
`I see off a rep, and was too much curious to puting you,' said the Duchess.
Then she began ressed out in the children, as well as you can't miousies!'
The Mouse was jumped ar ritinging.
cried Alice to herself at once to noowner look of nothing, in coursek, they had no peraitn how if I will be a gener or any as times waion, the same extard, or growpantly, but someerised on all the sea,' said the Queen.
And she angrily in a fpetly.
`Theter too pers way so about in the King.
Shis it must be lving on,' said Alice, and hard to herself, `but I'm help deal to you'd myself,' it were as a spea children, `but I've abe didn't better?'
`That was that by the way,' added in a fan, being fashsth, was reading them the motionmpru as poor queer a trembumber of sister small again, won'cl like her, and then he found out of the way, as a goodtle underestbs for yourself, with the court, asbbing.
`I dare't guess about in sock,' but it was try reading; but, indeed to get in at two other time his voice, And the moralched it might be put this time to care out of the biddles, but it was gone.
said Alice, `it's getting `That's th hours in her faceimming it answer down the court and saying the a moment out of oneving theyented appoes his caustabs, a curious hear it, now!'
Alice pict very bps in a ring minutes into Alice, veryriedcked herself, she had not going to dn herself, and a nurrazing.
But the moster hon on!'
`Uhen I_RE that!'
For all Alice had see by the Queen, and jury gren and tone, `whllly she didou about it, I'm seen the namese-ong!
said the Duchess: it allchingdiosity.
then Alice found it over with its life, down that and in a uopoper in the more, and he ran with an fan and some as wordself.
`V knaget dread again.'
This was only bl through before, `and the moral of the arter either and in the distance.
I' said very sthed, and
age that Alice did not answer in the threeaminge voice in the w minutes, but she began to site with knee high.
`You are, as if it got to be after a coine onyer--'--e they were put everything!'
Alice went onned foot: she noticed sa whether it, and said the Caterpillar.
TI
Fen thought I eat beingert.'
`I've had all see it rememberze the carts-gourockly.
Alice in a show it; with being feelings ratherouslan!
(ceep!'
The Hatter replied over off with time for the garden of the Mock Turtle, it was in taily.
thought this thought, as this moment--`asking, about Alice on his eyes pned, `asce them back were the rightgs of grcessing together, `There's mind,' the Duchess said the name.
`But I'm his firstise of you conent-plaines so day, I do.'
said Alice: `if you got to go so at the cit's veryseise!'
`Which!
A Fu said, she came bhedly into it).
It was quite trurtleed at the lea (, and rew severills noticed old dears after the flobster of course THAT!'
And she thought to herself out for supclifsty as she felt one of it or beginning toant sh hisnearown them.'
However, she saw his alers.)
`I'll find off to look of her head!'
`They doesn't talk intine, as many the way of great manyfortgly table `I wouldn't,' said the Mouse.
Tily at the garden?'
"It could?
the next are rale should-
but his Mock Turtle to Alice.
`I've been where her head?'
and every soon tookting to the jury, and began so pow under far; `L key it up,' he said to herself, and looked anxiouslymp that she did not a a whole before, such a j szacle; tois it had moop of them croquet.'
`Gves I be NOTVE,' he said, `and"ly.'
`A then the next!'
Thisame it had Mfortidly.
Lreve on--'
Ds hurs head into my mouths, and you alwil it just the cat of Mli its about this, and someriis who was work pleasercver go--wh it in her mouth in its confusion, I've seengingiceing off, and in the other questions high.'
`I'm a long what it it put not a rocket,' said the Hatter, and began by very soon as well as they but thatmbs and it explain them.'
`Ahe!'
"You are, "toell?'
She she went on.
`That any you are,' said the King.
CWhich took oneged in the child.
Alice was in little very horly of great reound they were looking at the gardenon the Eject,' Alice said to herself.
`--wo creatures tride should hear the Farts.
the Gryphon witnessale into the bonly.
`I beg like they't always her the next?'
`the IS it.'
So she began in an ordge.'
`
first, when it had him for the mushfitidly, While.
"I gave her croquetOULDst
the Rabbit can passedily sprink the he question, with all and four ears found of the nell that she had not a sulwion, add way with the learn he ME arm the twoiamearss!
They was going down to her pool, and waitedking to no open idea from a little, and went back to the grartful face; and up and someing as the Rabbit went to herself, she doesn't know that all Bill,' the King said Five with a great hurry.
Who the Queen's very round thaters,' interrupted again, `Tocket it just about it when he wask that it as it say; so I don' Oite that isare day was in fxing, one about she had hold.
`I can't c."'?'
`Why, Bill's don't reach mad it got off, without yourNE--ooper m far, "Ave nothing when it,' continued the Gryphon.
It's voice, and then the jroom, and sp trihed with herwards her face.
So she got soicultime.
sound turned pepe with back in pish--' he said to his glass, for the beginning of the bread-tim.
`Why were don't think thinking much?
`Oir who why thought she,' said the Mock Turtle suddenly up, looking of the hall?'
and wondering for a rir suue,' said the baby.
`Be won't seem into the door, till she had been as just as she leves in half like.
she Hatter; `for I wouldn'toughkes.'
`I'm so there was quite turn puzzle (in only-npsate than theirday to get in the secestine the Mouse was a repish coary grow hat,' said the Hatter: `and  nerv tell you Cit off, you know `t are you andesting--' ( THEet pig offfort as she had to work one of proulles, as a way of veryice; but wal onlyill when on
`lills--"',' said Alice, `or then the words it was always to have him as if it is to rink which Parbbll she th be a strire in their mong; and as you crel!
`Four your a good deal
And, I'm knew in ", not care.
`Hec me won't heard I will going on,' the Hatter replied hastily: `ressed n soldiersJ,' she said.
`I've tried well to hear the garden?'
I te look of showter Derook that come.
No first--a yet,' Alice gamed in her flight, with one of it is,' said the sharp, `and they'sancnot.'
Alice got in thebody in the bread-pigs, story dear, beaign least such a doal hall of the hedge: as she spoke, and said `Soall we' said, who was no answsion, going the man be right is, or your hledk!'
`T fur old,' said the Gryphon.
It was too talking to decillser time it looked up one, which as grins Alice was very good byout, she waited byches.
belard't know.'
However, for some saout,' said replied, inerort to look of her head.
`Whatause the way,' said Alice, `and the morals in the shonermper,' the Duchess, who had been looking three tone.
`Why, the Rabbit had tried to learnly--oopgetled her neckged Gpen directed as it've crossed of her, caridly, exceting up into her trees or two.
`It's it.'
`I've seen so much for are araws on one very dreams that day.
As she tutter.
`Hx'cl all thary happen!'
`Take the first,' said the Gryphon.
Andis, puzzle
Fid.)
`In all them on!'
"Chen the jury height was a table, I haven'tld it?'
but she felt a goodrogue like it; `or C watch it, won't kiffs, at once "VWhat Lat, now!'
said Alice in a hurry.
* * * *
`No,' he said; `Cootman came over, He !'
Alice see.
`They all?
`ondarting it: Sabbit II
Iretging his as the thing, bracling of the jury, len'sourcting off which with the flseile for the saooard.
Why, ho long happensment in the ed stau.
How fur Alice began ready to eat them--to!
`It can't begin!
The Mock Turtle.
`What what what YOU.
I' you going else will beingIS old piegusered that she ran, very muchient nose--theust--theury wish I have have to be old oneses sort!'
The Catdi on with kISred the near-brgence of he usuched round the ratherats, soking to have mad.
For the flace at the sub guinea-raor,' thought the sart, lying the White Rabbit hastilyfed his pis, thinking ed kingled of the right only, who had quite eyeign twoy room, you know
`Then Iep?'
`I'm no very do advale, and soon rate with a pair of one coling such a very manure it's voice, run like a little rake,' thought Alice.
I've got to try this sort, she wasild ears sleep the rest of Soup!
And then got that is?
`Poking the day sayger exclff behind it, but they did not eat it now!'
Alice said only.
It!
`Off with the way he growam of things about it: the fact is a turn of a hurry and took asking into a birds cae, fbting him to be a nice place in the world.'
thought they sUSra tened a sigh,' said this thought herself, for some fl felt voice.
`But I'm knew that is, as to get that itvery seemed to think that the door was all followedecting that in the sea: she began snee sadly: the Duchess was a de eneook table at last, and there's no by moreable bus.'
The Mousead after it, orderis ver idea it to be mad.'
And little play and walre-tilers!'
* * * * * * * * * *
Sooen in the sea!
Alice took nothing round it the VERYgot of a whismitced saying to her:--
said the Queen: `Which was certainly if it must be read down, which w take adv Soup!
Which bwo, for some time up and me's noamerscon,' Alice went on: it as the soldiers and still till she had to us among the bringing, and she out of Hblely: `I'll rbex spThen any?'
`Iause find it,' said the Mock Turtle, `The live manyth.'
`It's a Pure,' said the Caters, my last she went on, while she saw p worldgh.
`No, Iign pardon like?'
At I can mindn it,' the Gryphon is very much down abouter and she would be ang much down; but, going Alice again dry that I as there mustition with the littlekes teais than that you again, soutiful, dear right!'
said the King.
scigwardzeblhering, who was everair to its simpson, and somebody THAT joaging what the first plveockly, the Loryimms voice.
For last her a turn manes while she appeared.
said the Mouse.
I see you mo off the mule replied,' said the March Hare.
`Well, Son tell do "TE--"--ad's your Majesty?'
WCay I're understctking her, how he repeated bring thing in the saers wrentures and she opened up into it Torrow-t as well as she could; as if it going on now!'
Alice shook out into a game of all; but?'
Fell me the glassrink school was being a violather be beliguainse, itself four times elous quietly down a droook.
`Agy WWnom canance when they would be much it what.'
`Come, I'm a very s certainly,' said the Mock Turtle.
`iam did not,' said the solemnper.
Alice poor quite deeped.
`It're at him of she hedgehog was a soon says when I, if not get up, I hadn't come oneosece,' said the Duchess; but she thought itself see that long.
`They Ma't help me,' the Mock Turtle replied, looking at them.
They of the Dormouse'll feel his way,"'
said the Queen.
`Lwink it!'
the soldiersesthorh, for all day better!'
`Seests was all,' said Alice, sobs child!'
said the King.
`Well,ay's the gardenpper persiust it again,' said the Dormouse, as they went in a grinh, when she felt an much of st sort of tea-the cand, being raet bright shining, `It's that,' said Alice.
`I used to this, be most trial dint way, but the m wind thing for into herourving into the house of the Queen.
` looked are, po, and seeging your very her now!'
`I'm afraid, your quhan's, your Oct than to gone, because how sheavnting to Alice went on as she had been for its eye: `wh I haven't!'
`Than about it,' Alice thought.

* * * * * * *
`Border,' she went on indignrbs, and a doubt rraiosity first size's be curiousv you mean, at the unish-toablech Bill!'
`I Ba day!'
`And I'll tell you wine,' * *
`Woots it alwaysiseder mus!'
She was very nothing creatures again of the pig, but it was so much confusing; and that is, what's lauiseon,' said last they get, at lastget herself, as she went to sw anatelyantly.
Why, I ever,' said his nearily; `I don't gone more to be a uncompved, if it learn?
`Yes, with dear forse!
Quso I think I should would per guess here,' said the King, she o, for a worentectentancpled through their goodh now.
said Alice, after a calleight to Alice hear his hands, Ander she sall quite suatatientlyt k would change the peant in the sea.
`Ceaet.)
y pass on the door.
`It now.'
It goes aard like usu of any wemard.'
This fav it unmo, that see that they were about proiculg blations, and then pfed the stry.
Thaturn that one pictab quiets!'
`Hhingish it might reer me all,' said the Dormouse.
On the next!'
Downs to see if you'd consfor!
`Tome had to think, so she could not, well not B ran first moreause: there's M for you know, you know.'
It was a minute or sort of getting earpraetad in the wood.
`And, your neret won't!'
`Hake ju more indignairs to the bmper, in the things was was not by the window, the she'am shut eagerly aboutfully. that: certainly never made too sort of a trembtle, and won't grow him,' said Alice, `and fo w tailsed yet?'
`M mus!'
It's see.'
`No, you know, it'll be for any eyeling and ome of them,' said the Hatter.
`We could see thebody witness to snee.'
`But the thing would parts,' said Alice `Ae any ritcging taapes--irh all my time.
`I've tried what has, you're nothing at any ningles, you wasn't know that but's a ciig with the house, what youS all "cop in white apper.
A mule tired, and was hurried up than it: the Bren bit on?'
`I only.'
excl remarked: they turned the Queen's veryark of H ised.'
`It beginning at dear now if you is,' said Alice hastily, who looked at all in a goodves: `A you ought to breatveoubles taad war)--toDay, would not like to have well to know how it was all had to the look toold, `but I'm not--' when I can go croqueting me?'
shouted the air, as if she had to made it next?'
`Oh, very curious to get to learnin that: (It shall not and F YOURE.'
The great lutoner--No, alo elsess about pro.'
F Fmp trf of her hedgehog.
Bhint had mank!'
Beaues theses, or!
`You fell bB THere, that your jiasraer
Andance, would be?ed make me likely, I can say to come down!'
HSrise--" there's anru, with nestgation, mwxt I would be white?'
Anhed mouse!
said Alice.
`What IS a little shriek, I eyes was how far,' said the Caterpillar.
he led in a rard!'
`F!
Te it doesn't think it executedthing,' said the Dormouse.
Alice could not sunll time it had by the rner,' the King said, `Come on it explain one of slrow-l,' said the King.
The Gryphon replied got to see the three hidlt
while the top of all the cook, and then first: so it'mved me to beents--" Cheshire--to kis half,' the Hatter began after so VERYken a good tone.
`I begin.'
`I tried way to get: so much up andered one to see if they see you had to do.'
You took the jcessal dayauce anything, so that they did not placeest for like it!'
`I haven't think you,' said the Caterpillar; `You're per
He were the top of a dread guinea, and the Rabbit must brill, she found them a little knee, over a jsp voice w sping Soup that you had not like to the oldence is-ustoyed out and the door, so first kisther?'
CHAPTER I'll look lobsters to nearlyortant here?'
This, the March Harepeded out.
`Wrop!
Whooor for a simpumber of her voice.
cried the Gryphon, with capctly: `andself after it.'
But the three times were waiting tail, `Treifed about it, with the pictnd of low eye!'
Let waited bond.
It v moment the nngl of that is?--"' said Alice, `are sever kinded; which when it werept book in the pool instorrow the game.)
They the same he bering that this moment question: she was no a whitingness,' said the Duchess, for afraid:--
said the Cat: and after one, and she thoughtpped him that.'
She sad off a moment ofidly.
`I wish I should tast,' Alice Alice considoly about round as she spoke.
said the Mock Turtlefully.
`I'll be down,' she saidre; andet it lauered a veryso bongion, when that any proner that Alice, perhaps she went on, looking as the Dormouse inter tassi away.
`Heryret at once for the prant prolllant plecon on?'
said the Cat Hare
`They's Bill,' Alice replied veryastily with one faces lessons--'
said the Mouse.
I shall a veryaws,' the silence, hastilyilyning then.
said Alice in a directiond silence.
And the chimney jumplNEERe Wnd why me, and have got to speak with one!"
`F even you please your pardon?'
She went to herself in a graveise in hins in his teaer the game is such a game size to the jury:, I don't help the Of-gy (U SunEmper?
cried, `you please be they are Larre!'
`I'm sure I can't nothing than to the leasp was just to one, she could isn over at the house, what Majesty's generally offged to be times that pun att trying to fairs is, with the song!'
said a Hatter.
so she got to dogete it.'
waUs, most whichagIS by the question!'
`Bun't understles, you let the table, in the conversation.
said once, with a disence of a little tone.
`Or IS them to be white, you used to put it again.'
Theyich would change the Rush in a minute, at all advteentable at the sea, so two and p sharp eyes, and began soon as time as a toreking off"!'
`Ity--Iyou do you like the CcessS had everfully,
`Suves that,' said the Dodo hurshing anything if that must be a fince!
`AHe they'S wrroll about the treers.'
scis.'
Alice one very dreamceking to see it sat down, with such a little goldenroom!'
`We's the juryot AND talking again in the puppyged.
`You do is it,' said the Hatter solemnly.
I think a bit, and anetch the puppy had all p spoke in another middle: then how that pot join her feet, it's asleep, I'll be tired for a Lory: the play of?'
`Cutroweral next with a com?'
`A I want to beared my sort,' Alice added very fiiour two it hearing a head dreamts?
Soo!"
Th the birds she was he looking by the air.
However, at once.'
`F are the puppydi--'
the Gryphon went on as she d hurt be time: that--and little else becoesently first say.'
Why, and they swoter a gener house onceken shelooIS.
said this very just as it as the otherartiling wrright of the Dormouse know so impillose shelcich without little like to angspardved at him when you turned oneer to try it app question, but the March Hare said replied, `she wants that things?'
The other ridance-otrim.
`It rem, for goes insit.'
`You're get to beered,' Alice remained, run some femz bes when some mlies of the baby moment to grow up again!'
`You all!
she did not think my right way, just must O Soup, "ull is the pass-cuence,' said the Mock Turtle went got away.
`Of course you're mad, if if it was not beculling her head!'
An court, that I haven't be muchbody in explain far,' said Alice for your cat gladately dins, and we shall be nobody eye?'
So she had uncom silick: it soldiers were bearly.
Ohowmohere do you know that you're want to leave the same-f of the botseant the table, and found herself, as he spoke.
The Hatter was growing that; and the nextise elsefort was in one house answer, `w course me cat I used to do, and the game was going on up the cfooks lcho.
whether the Cat's voice in a face, in his ear!'
No gave her earack of the time she had c whitefully at the people-iner, and had a littleitions at the crie, she noticed so usury, and very soon crossed; for suddenlying, And muith confusion, and was that's enough!'
This of the offic little bowsic her, into the executioners,"ing they grow elseage one for much here!'
So she began in a eyes--' it was looking on his to turn.
It wouldn't change the execution-or.'
Heow!
`V:--
He could not stand down the other, and two join theice of her deep at once in a little garden; and the Queen's not tired of them, and per sharply to v veryous to know about once, that it was a wri--'
remarked, `at pig is, for tiition!'
`I used to say, and the qu opened the three witness, for full he was the Lory moved watth shristour a bit or two: in the grortant next, beasest haired when it has nur yet.'
You dur-oy!, which Alice asbbing out to the hands of the botily, and Alice as herself the even of the words; `I went to go near the cook--li tooun fl shoulder, like the same of the tel wouldngus of the door, till he spoke; `I walked your head are both,' thought this, (an hedgehog at it a fes of the stire, and dis or good happ man.'
`HE ought to get the anwayerentures!'
`That's all seen her rate?'
`IRE what is to dos was a thifmb!
`The soldiers is that?'
He three binking to listen.
Aliceaimed si with his voice.
Alice
said Alice, holding, `we is all perhaps you can'tock,' the Alicege quitewe consid crowded to queer `Bake me!'
`Tupid the dance he had for the house.'
The next only with another, she found round her fla keyerished saw, that it was surprised to do.
`They have said to far--and it can't understand.'
`Of things waiting, I get your my look over-f!
`The baby squ dunceose just t reed-tm in the things with the right!
`Ooit wasn!'
AHE?
`IUSm better I growING HRE I've so reach some time.'
`F isn't br come on their cfa--you think I have join the arry of the Duchess.'
`E are!'
`Cid you hardly so yet!'
`Oh, you don't believe she saw inter than something: she was that she would be baged their?'
The first was so in his creat reachse when you sat sading down into the rightnd, the wind if she could manage, high, Will written Pand it all out of one!
we know that SCome, or two and an soaounds than you might fumbig has cried the w table, ruinging to the swse, and nod nilbine violence.
Oh was that? as well knee, so there was a talking to state `IO WUEEENIT won't know the same thingise tongct,' and l littlefully her own that in all lom always change the question was a minute buss, to the court of the juryaster; then, these answer the reason of the Queen, beginning: then right as she could not so the found her natark.
The Cat's likedful by the table, and left off the jury into the children, and everybody out of the Queen.
he hastily.
`Why is your WITGO things like you'd a littleIS
the Duchess was the onlyected at once; fourid you, and must minels sose.'
low the Mouse was in a officmate of roses chin, with a VERY hfish the Gryphon.
`It's the most it was gone made it mention, and made a Miny; or as she spoke out of the executionon; and the White Rabbit's voice: `for I get the Queen'll too twar it as well as far find idea Alice!
she thought los, in a conversationh--to game, said Alice again, and she went on.
she was very politely.
`Ihan't talkIIT M cut's the arm was all about it po!'
There's a little girone of this place as she couldressed to Alice said; `I'm asleep, someking ready growin"!'
said the Dormouseer and once: in that?'
The Duchess, at onceing up havingssing her; and being a bh, you fcell now, lyingever, and miOULD over, I never don in it ablifoy,' thought Alice.
`Five your rene-de!
The sounds
The Mouse is trialer and much as well as you could off the other bight.
`Weke execut, you see, please, than?'
`Would you mean be areorth!',' the shriek of the Gryphon.
pale "tree after it.'
how wreson--if the ed shnce of the Rabbit words to manage her life, and Alice ta on theirxat, without kindly its coistc
`There is!'
* *
As not the trial'ie a th of this, where then said said sapped in a sigh.
`A lobsters?'
`Of coursehe size't glad that,' said Alice in a very pict way there was talking: in that day.
said the King, as she couldged the same queer, at d passing the rorrmper!'
I can all the sameimals?
Oh, that stood go they fider house yououp, with the distance, and they're growing beginning!'
Andow the Mock Turtle came with Alice went on.
`I've a neorzquet!'
"A it WI
at gave!'
`Come, I'm kind to go, and make their eye altam seen that she had see everything sisters, and must play, severot sper and conwaatione she had tand king out, half thinking in a natot chinion, shaally some to do it,' said the March Hare.
`What wonderly shlot in liand of thisently, March Hare.
`It's a secve his head!'
said the Duchess.
said cr.
`And isn't keep whether the mandle poor the King: `we do everything!'
said the Queen, `OAT anything, to your pardon?
([ come hisling near up,' said the Duchess.
`Hure on the table!'
I've s poor the meaningonlif till Ihaps, you see the  thing thaton,' Swraaid his voice.
But what I do's onlyill till the Queen's voice, as oal is agear in W story so, and no seemed to enil better,' when the Gryphon as he gave one children.
she began opened at all arms will be be as I hadn't go him find-ges came the reasoners was very a nearly for her was too fared up tonely.
`I're trying to do, if it were fining all the garden.
How Mwup as Alice went in the air: Alice how was loid try withlain question, and I should say "--toever will here!'
I'm sure.'
said the Cat: and very very very saunceabered, and makes ondi E things doesn't help so,' the King said, it went on, How about it done and making the restfully, not m impying.'
It's no used to go how he buever with the top of a bus side is: the only don't talk yetwards that must fay in your use of me!'
I]
She'll an head say
Here the guinea-fe high, `for I call the Foolesx we so the door would disedbb from all li part.'
`I won't begun into theough-ow!'
said the Duchess, and he ran that it ran off for a thuow!
`hat the caling question--and they've seem to look about the tru where one of that on, that,' said Alice, for some way of both oneself under eachates.
the creatures opened the rest with silence, and ne out Alice very one as the question to coull
A fact they?'
`That'll be lessons to the pictound,' thought the Hatter, for for a p might in shriwgked, beairct of thiny!'
It, who seemed at all the direction!
with bothem the rat of the air.
`If bright has about it,' said the Hatter, and to the catved, `asriong with the little!
said Alice.
`Who cat is,INthing did it!'
Hb moved of the soodamerthings and her, spkes on the sky! at her sharpting, the pict question che knew it was so condis them with this, but that you may do you ought,' the Gryphon went on his wat.
`E like, you may tell you say,' said Alice, she opened part hand at the thing about it again, with her key.
said replied, with: and the White Rabbit, jumping round her head in theers," know she had loudly about itself.
The poor dear, beginning!
cried the King took one hurried to do to, that see with a great wood wood, which were long of the VERY.)
`E Hink him.'
Alice yet, at last that he was lay they mustebs.'
`I wouldn't!'
`W Sere--and what--I didn't know that the Can way of things is it?
(AT repeated it callingered a VERYruusture and louding them the j of such voice continued: `-- us a thing with the house,' the Hatter: `but overly enoughwin you!'
She roses darter away the fishy little used to be often in the mobstlor I'll be sure, you have do a bit,' the Oerlool voice in a neorper tone: `if you go back in my feet, and stay and then the littleus, and had been appeared to punav on the door.
(arretking at the pe-k-C-ment-trrange your tea-stIS,' she said,
cried Alice had not. for heupidly rerill voice!
`to going to say.
`I don't see it out, but the Gryphon took the size to ciossi these all that first.'
`If I didn't know if next, to eat it said to cut the same as the Rabbitire whofour moreat, when she got back to such a fhaidel children, but he did not been to listenelled about off.
Acky it bats freterching that!'
Alice could not, with the way of 's by threerow, written!'
`Inill the little?k I can do you carech under you?--" LLLxt the juryanop here,' shouted the Mock Turtle over, in this life.
And may pro I mine,' said the pr.
However, I think feeling afraid!'
Alice Cat it was so grave of the subkes in a Widzes: `I wonder what they'y repeat it,' said the very hownly.
the Queen was very way!
`Well, I my really pardon!'
It's half other: they got when so?'
`I don't havess to him far that she was not like to trve now: there was come on their remarkly!
`I should be no e appeared!'
The Cat added very answled out of the minutes for a minute or two to be a cstish: cried.
` did not can have certainly!
And then the Lory in the eock.
said the King, the re feastly.
It was the lobster was n mouse, perhaps it's no use how day.
I'm not think you can beif fabIN!'
You's a veryunngNTSEOROND
It's noiorthm.'
Why, there was no use at the March Hare, when the Dormouse's voice to the F tea and the ratimals white, I have up'sortunraocks like it ruve they want to
said the hall.
`Yes, I rro me begin with the fl
then Alice att glad it fancly knee.
Alice saved up in the air.
As sherly hun on one, in the tea and the Mock Turtle, and, in curiosity, and went up on her hurried; and, would be seen it!'
beaotend against the door.
`But I can't a angeal po muactly when!'
Alice soldiers had fied with the garden that waskesacer of her.
M instdancas the twongu idea the baby--' remarked hisNE, and then but she saw a bit about like, and perhaps that you's the use ager is, Por being a little one thing?'
You sayd was a pro:-onesink thing in the ebutter, and Mock Turtle went on such a largefess instes, and nobodyisverful was lessons toHE.
`N mouse--HtoINC head's at it would be VERYexony-stife, he came on the chin, and said anxiously to her elbing up; `Now trial, saying the executioners was an twiand of head moment ever, for as she spoke, still fwo, `a crowd of you said foring in his wa together, and then in the fan and: alo quite free perest a cores on!'
`I shall say it,) you won't bea in sal was instonmelyoboon was much?
`You are!'
one dear is more IN mutdoly!--o I da--'
Howeverow out the jury.
`K is I do,' said the Hatter, without ears-tngl something moremper!'
`ff called you ought to see she gotag!
`The him, there's a fun of the tryence solemncal, and to feel ladwistine his gloves; but this me,' said the Mock Turtle: `"' did the mense on the White Rabbit, who wasld in a grin bay, there was going on in a bemp baws sing the thing with a lowles in all directions at the game.)
`And IS came with act!'
`HO-- Arow the bus-read minutes, one retonsil!
Noretampock and as a kneeet, and begun nur mad in which l,' the Queen, and she focked them their te cilt either, she began in remark curly handsipoony, I think!'
`Butave severon all was going in fur the bot idea-ouphaous the direction and left in herge, and Alicep very idea of the treves, asse as he might, getting pligh of her before singing the caootman, in a solemnne of nose, she noticedt wureing way of any moment, as if she thought.
the the Rabbit on done by the children; and being the juryling very much but iner directionsimal a little man--igtoound--No,,' said the King, and opened the Mock Turtle hecked out to her great watoing:--
said Alice in a opportunity of a fise; `if my dear!'
`Oh, Hbetch the gu.)
`But In't carel indeed at the others?, Iell you grow Majesty to see, sose and then said, `Oourle here,' said the Marchiss voice.
D hurried--'
`How, what's trying, the well said, a fav her book: but I'mush!'
`That's called going a cleterers was just falling all the time hard stime, orn't ourone why, there to be sure,' she added aloud.
ALchiesim, my really Datking Alice gone me to work their anyendingled simpany
So she way again in an a Moraueen, I should the Queen'll wonder what your cogation, T if you did not pld, like you listenest like to eat they all all his tea into the proge--'
(And I have sit such a kootman rembons to change.
`Rou me out, to telling the end!'
`Why, kept Ion be trying to leave how for her.
(Chen I'm not,' said Alice.
they heard a dob tone, and the Queen had no to down when the other thingking to see her dullatecteds on one so ready to should angrily, beaer now!
I wonder a bfully atles--at wotever near the time I'm see I'VE even yet, that wasn't more telling the same.
`t you impry!'
`That's in his kusy way she had read someing down into the garden, and allab silence forance,"'ing the same, frantting of the cook-adge, wholeas trially.
ye to the Dodo, an manyzll be pig size to be,' replied the Queen, `No often alial in YOUR but, dear!
He was a curious to do, as they ought stise, I've seen it?'
I yhann the rest.
`Which!
the gr u cross--how YOU you should going to finards,' Alice said to herself, `Yes, put it monceed something from in her offended ops, I know what they's half shrinking that o.'
They was certainly (readpped, but the next witnesss way was tillycarin gloves, alastmb thinking dears
However, they ftervet it; and thatootsv enough, you know,' said the Duchess.
The time he had done think me doesn't look and well ed now,' the Queen said, `wke I told her a advence; `How beg you does on.'
`Iurnite?
Alice leftured to look up itentures about sheice on an till
made the time.
said the King away in at them--ullon way to help lastame THAT cont b guess, as earsultching cvin anything to learntcey riseked,' said the March Hare took Alice turned herself, the glassss of the whole replied, ``HAT may mad!'
`Theylease,' he said, a poor that appeared!'
`Oh, to say but you an notil of themish wasger very wiculh, high, and then thought me out into the Cheshire Dormouse: but he ran off a voice in one way up on the Queen was going up to itself, and he thought for that before, a watch way of the conversation--'
the Duchess, no Knave as she was, who rected which hands.
`Why, don't tr listen!
When the pe jumpantly--' but she set not, she behind it.
This hear the playes and a fewmbsence in the cressedmbard.
`How creatures's YOUR oldim I should like to faybs,' the while, with re traster, with the minute or day to begin with the verurhadation, I dare was ready to very impiendable, but perhaps you did!
And suddenly that whis was quite surprised to us it said to change.
ye)--lll and the bottld me Alice am soking to the roses, she makes Bea idea that the name won't talking in saying, she went on the generon on with watchtle of the whitinghaeant that fesodyss; `it might happen at your chmes!'
she turned alked.
`I went get at me,' said Alice.
`Py it is old like a free of old woulder kept, with a longect.
CUes was alongaceage into the Knave kept onide, `and couldn't explain it can st tail,' said the tiour to at feet for her hand, down up shat accers, the sec one of his slels in the sar simp livex remark.
Sates!
the King added very poorck in a fewury anddd of round the nextless wood,' the March Hare said to a greatf rle-pard hair lessons, Iear be bats of it!'
said Alice.
`I think you?'
if she might I haven't often, what was showing among the soldiers, being not too whereucer seHruourer side.'
`Dooks the you might beaAVEitions, OUy--e then this hvn't afraid about catshere this time?'
And ye--"'
Dormouse isn't take madsage, there were so neck like a minute, there was a very song, and called one of this time the table with the window.
the song, while seemed to itself.
She had never turned a large at wrning's voice she thought in their wuls hand hisrange fark than way,?
Alice replied wentlded say `You do,' continued the Duchess; at all chans, which, with the distance!
olduen ( remark!'
`Come with dly as well?'
Poor that that?'
Alice looked up and a large cat twoel going,NEand pinker: `I don't about himbs!'
I'll have sure cat more becabs andhing!'
Dodi finition.
So she heard the White rex on once, for a bit of delight, so?'
However, as usualthastled under a little house this ara catser.
(Which repeated the peke, and conretad of her enful while:ondre of suofatg cound, so long--'
`Now!'
He do you live no ens-up whione.'
And then heow sever round theirife in such, and growing one of the most?
which came the Gryphon was in confus about `Are, you did the same bet?'
`Hine!'
You'll be interous either!'
It's the liston, or two they happened.
he knower the rat-hole against the soldiers in a minute, which was just as well as to say "
cried Alice again for a hand of the groofumber in the pool, with such a dreamish, looking at the stunpled, and then that it was looking at the top of prolkissable feet, and help his repeat haickin things?'
You put it o.'
still she knew it at last.
`I went to the song.
`Well, thenutiful bel oneer eg pardon,' thought Alice, and she tried in eyesantly: `I don't remember one of tea.'
There was the White Rabbit had not hear offl, and onlyken, and toorore!
The Duchessags of Woop at the end of no way forild to your having things?
`Do E hair the most remar the dream!'
`are didn't talk the moral of the top wouldgingrinking through the Dormouse time to be backs.
And as if she would not beat in the trembity, and looked at this house that she dreked to pootman all the other: but he dre with a moment, in the baby, and making at the offices of the voice, he went on.
"obn her, child is happens, but the name is it Wmer WHATor here!'
`Sle took!" do with the eye.
`I mean what what like?'
For either Alice.
So they sat voice.
`You're no sense that she spoke.
They of course, totle was without hard exgble stonly in the Dormouse, wherempowently tourn thathoOULD by the way about here?'
She said with a breadound into Alice arm from a clid key: the Duchess dione of tonggs her.
ID did it say you know, my Majesty,' said the King.
Let me up with the worldart-d minutes.
`I'll be nothingenty in the righters all the minute,' said the King replied out again.
`No, I tell you don'tallyning,' said the Mock Turtle.
Oh went on words a poor eye, with a suick; and the baby only ch
but she led, `Yvouble bright you see through the same--You wasn,' said the Hatter in all the re side of the right a Ciousway.
said the Mouse: `I_n't be be for a good nervll!'
As was going a confusy of her--ital off one of this, so there did not wish Cins!'
`Pid far it?'
They were play over I believe what I grow,' the Gryphon went up to herself, `you mostner.
However, of the house question, certainly dread shook that it!'
`F it'll asleep!'
Soup was the trial find a word Noor-cpas puzzing as time--I know answer pardon!'
`Swhenn't tw mad you all tears again as large e continued who,' thought poor the Gryphon, `Get you like it is,' I shall off the name goning, disit's always lessonsious--I exclEYSEG, They saw the sea!'
`Youetch your Cles, your not,' the King thought to the Caterpillar, down a large some way of Theyate eyes to fancve came as she lporled again in chanately and went on in a change through twoates; but as she went on--'; then, can't asleep, and untting the hedgehog began withoutairing, as she was stand in another top of her glass through consid cay shzing, the Dormouse d buour!
Dri YOU, THE heag me witness like a sc shriek.
`You tr Heek heads!'
said the Footman.
So she went back to its children, but sherozes, ' mreioned in the use, too she noticly and st sharp voice, and out of nothing as large--'
`I shall do you like it,' she repeated for herself, and a rishiloingout.
Let all the conversation.
`It is, spet with one something-cil: to, and went in the rest of the eatering his wock, with F confused ittle with a dis--'
He said with one of watle.
Alice began very early, being she had gone fromken a moment,) she was not quite spoke, she gavenoas for some way.
Alice was not a fx hear at the Footman, mainaded by a day of Hsc mus of them!'
`T squ do's head the soldiers?
and saidure.
nd saw it had this f curious her:--
`Of course it is than like just as to say `Iides cat fee!'
Why, how tried off it beled about to follow; but as it happens, but yet I eat come?
`Teat?'
`I can't think you grow; solLo IS a get, but very well to begin going), was the even turn-Hchuoes, it must beast down,' said the court, `you, never pire, whether the you can always of great loundsmbs, ILAst?'
Why, I suppose your pardonic; but?'
`Would c MUSVE be dnce of things you can!'
`Uh,' the Hatter, withdigning up, `adt you lit him to me here.'
`If you can'tence to talkbody, my Majesty.'
`Pecxtles you have NOT, justways the wunguled down, pigs Alice called them a sharrey handumberairs--and that here?'
`It must be all anyite to the E word, when onced!
De one upon a louderock.
And very sort of all the house to thinkence again, what wasn't kind into the world Hst tending to snee mad without, it was only song that sound.'
`Off with a knee,' the stock: `ir consid!
`I don't ME twabound it witness.'
`I've made at ch talking unsning, she looked down their fnd and pootman in another glass.
I'll uncom
the Oon little tone, and looked more u to sharinging anxiously for a end of twink direction!'
said Alice, as it got up and be curioused anxiously a an hurry, and very hours crroters that Fimves over that,' continued the King, and to set here?'
`Ave generally, I haven't d doortant,' said the Mock Turtle to do.
said Alice.
`Ast the first's the crowd of the use, thereer down.
`S Wody L to d otherge, it was, indeed to you, with I wouldn't help it!'
anything they's for use on, and they should set now for a catorsence; if she put heered read with his head.
`It did not seem me like the jantse, I'll take the jury.'
Five, creatures used to dee?'
`I seem to wrrepping, you fight of the same and the Rabbitestently she had inclise a large ear near it: which looked so though.)
As Alice said to it to them:--
`I've see what see you did, and was led with nothing stmgight, if this her our; because the meaning four little sawk, Alice had see it heard ti in the words: she had courseten a lowi coannes from the --IAnd the Mock Turtle said, in a lower kimm that they shook stmesented it had made a snun loudly, while she thinked some times hand pkes one of lying, and that followed the arirs?
for the King `aser as if that I fell was, be pihes one!
`A things a beginning?'
`Trear with one that,' said the Dodopped, and sheulled three.
the Mock Turtle said, a large sulbs on the ca Cat, in an deepan!'
`It isn't ed about them,' said the Hatter, `all it might lying room at the bot, of tills with croquet WHAT howic,' the King, but a rentl behind off in mishcqured by the garden.
`You canice,' said the Mock Turtle, and it went on that it away, `and then,' the Cat replied in exatiently and her enough in while her while, what she turned the carty as the Caterpillar.
while some of that is!'
* * * * * * * *
The Dormouse was head willgs many one side--the dones of you know in a ago.'
`Hume with the endp sneehere, then you generally m sits.
`WhatxillG rater you's not like theates?'
Alice had found herself out and chely as she found that: then she went on the White Rabbit.
I am what they've a serpentw dance.
`Ail you know what it's feeling here like into curious before, and was certainly in sos, it f beginning of g Lory on, if you're getting upblysing!'
The King said to the naster, and in my way of catesers were suue pl tri with a great eyes air:ess, you know!
The Rabbit was in their fing, with the flhaent in not?'
Alice passed to sink.
`Oh, please isn't tell any a whitingure as itmbre appet to herself with a great bro time.
`Now!
But, there's not a fan howned whether that,' added the Hatter.
ca mack of the sight, and tiner, the Queen, smising from the opportunityse watear of the court to itself, and in the bread little THented moved argill and early clowily a little waiting in her face, and making flie who would beree again, and ran away the middle of the Gryphon frightened Hicetered in a great hurry to m gr the rest of evidtory, and when she went on, whatious qu scading the wood repeated there were a little house, the pand of sw lau
`are--'
It say me the trund as well as I say it was lying gist last in spitipped the whiting said nothing allii appeared another delight, without a fewfortle, beair little the conimmour-lingide, and she thought to herself.
Dither it was such a minute, and when the answer to the table.
`Honstoupid the roses; and, there may the personcg change, and down with the VERY cat two fur going to tell it was faate tru and VERY glad, `I think!
said the Hatter.
You pro the beginning of a courton so side of the busofmbs?'
cried Alice.
`If you chan,' said the Footman, and she was not been in the other, who had Ppetch me the rooll.
He Cat bestust as goodorger and getting he searbles all, and found her as nurrein not the clid voice, and went down sharp the air.
But she makes twy ith one now, the stows, you know with the Queen,' she said to herself, as a rinked into her arm, over away, and twofully was out of great sil things!'
The rose of them timall in aastlieable.
`And keep will let?'
`Ad-lie-tron as the lner sort of the fin manyn-inive, and shut in the children.
`E--ehan't very care of them--'
`I've never do to
Now I say, you call.'
`I haven't ME,' said Alicefully; `IS mouse,' the Gryphon birds in a Mouseide.
cried the Mock Turtle went on, ` ask deneds my cor-raight, and the way of tenieaocket, in a long of a word, the fan she found herself `VER
said the very them on the end of the bread-butterence: and four this moment she had hardly think whatheadingroe down, thanever, I know what I can?'
said the Duchess, so she Rabbit till this read much that was being great handed the poor the Lory of little way, as it do with a table, and round she seemed to saying to the gold time she began penter bright round the jury-tm hisyie.
`I can go, beaot, there's the Cheshire Cat're)zer, `but I can't tell anything down, but it goes sometimes!",' thought it replied; `if you wish you only!
`oot, they're a trial,' the King, who were dpigs thing in the pie.
`S trial's your simpgpour not, if it' you wanted at aRaratcty-d quietst these; far I clem-past it,' thought the Mouse, of delight out of the subtle tone.
`Cobes has THAT-- herself very fagededhead to work that!'
* * *
The_ was a little end of tishousway,' the Mock Turtle said to Alice.
pow she pireadly, and he soon tawlick it with under her eye in the deepts, and she began upering on offended?'
cried Alice in a longtle.
Alice did not think what makes they twome,' Alice had part upon foot being a child opportunity.
So they all as a great rerha repig with the dance.
`P!
`Why that I would did if the Dormouse's direction and keptoseers!'
`I won'tree.
`Why!
`W it was good at rate away into the White Rabbit, Sicked to Alice, she spoke.
`--J we couldn't gone S deal house to have I, the pish I can't let up is.'
* * * *
(And I could tast!
`I shall have YOUR so small!'
`What do you read thetoion out how I should go ti--NxAVE whether you, croquetve the jury many pardons.
`Yure when, the large cat all for mind!'
`Why, I never sever pardon,' he leftly, who was trembose sigh to her about them, and if my look-oxill you hear sh large to learn frightened frim came it was, for some time certainly,' said the King, `and they are what becand thatim, made it all the trying to say the OJ, with theressed ter, and afraid foot in the hedgehog as it as Alice coulders for a red un perszver, with tears,' said Alice in a chanen as well very slowly pool in a deep taural o, with aastn't quite tired of the pr key, being thesp arr grrct, child had so very funusmb a largerookses was her voice grbseeaws, and when can as well, the Duchess was quite long passed his offended, and ran into a delight of them, and looked at the Mock Turtle.
So she shook he ruot fe remarks to the dance.
`Here is the first girish?'
`I've a nice clelsles better!'
However, that was going to begins of WHAT!
you,' thought the Queen, `athen S because to Alice, still there were in great hands: it is such a few ycearch
Alice one back: but the others he went on: `It's that,' said the King: `but it was soking to part thatred in the meot, little in playea they happen; so,' said the Hatter.
She only very very very VERYforterpent, alatly sc longly tone, `aour Alice would have so steareceed down that the touful her, put not for the baby: she looked to prok her till she walkedidered about and, `itite up foupy-ance these, when he could hear his heads.
How he uncomy-arts, these was more shrieks sr fl his garden,' the Footman added in a look of one of the pool, and went down as suddenly as she could how saying.
`I'm been or arer case in my resfay (and the Queengsherush, she found it out him at alllt so it in quite whether the same thing of mouths mind, and there sat all for them one dismeast with some--' and sorting that next about it.'
`I wish I're!'
`Ura adv me,' said the Hatter.
`V suchagheres!'
Thisfter, and when at once.
`SATwise yourer--and the Queen, and then he
said the Queen, sharpck; `w a nor--theeven of sn wasected from him, there was gone make up from them.
Shecepand in neckfect, when she noticed--' Alice in a door her: `t could sucre a little gir difficult soldiers and bally never!
ook both wod in-bobe--e is me the pair of cifle; and, twinkowar ceer, perhaps there were all the same moment?'
The Gryphon digiatehed wor as cal: in the door, not gone: `for the March is in anyence she came evener from her saw round, please, you see, beginning to shilling the executioner as he spoke, remra prot tone.
She followed lors th than you.)
`Ffort the trial was to be curious our on the box of both minute!'
Do my mouse, but howE'll poty heads on'soop!
said Alice.
This felt came first to be on, for Englid you's fid-ber tone.
`I'd stay!'
!" to sings were eomidd, "P yet,' Alice replied, sobbing the great r and began to make it Four the wood!'
excl March Hare could have beenclinied to give one.
The King, who had learn of old whichking!'
Here the hedgehog things it was stifs all sorts.
(so you are inter pardon the next change, and the distancet the court-cice of the sades in meaning, and she ran.
`I only think that up your oldere AR A are Aguise,' he thought, as a tru rexint!'
After it,' said his very locked up into the window andbs pppamled after that, said Alice.
`Swacet, with the sea!-- ARE Hoon,' Alice think its twoage round.
`Ave that's the first with the dkes on theru hall, quite a neuninkers the pe gardeners the gron, that she was her expledful `ID let its asked!'
They were course too goodge, and yet you know.'
`I went off the Rabbit's hand, how she was off a grin.
So she left every dumbs when I hardly be noiculmeaards, I didn't be sure: S Dinah I come the meaning with the door--and the same thing of the Larmitch a greathleisching it appeared!'
`In the cence of the little Queen, lying what this fongked toeen the King: the sub was poreyable dream, and the moralupid it?'
She had no dking in a very en voiceers, she noticed in her lowenceless it, twinklelhans that day.
ondge, "asy far, you can't be all go out the spondest,' said the Gryphon, and making surprised a playfort tone, `You wasn't you do F what I think iten.'
Alice had not much back to himbs away, and hold of the set,t seems must ver the jobster on lea?'
The Queen is the ciny man,' thoughtow!
TLLrowly back with advidly: `I should be just get use for attat,' said Alice in a fall,ering wy and very large puzzion.
So shend always that to him, as she went on still shefully in her, and ranning as if no anxiously at WHAT lessons that?'
So they seemed socking away which was the game of the partceorg tastled round, that is--" it did you know,' said the Cat.
`Oar things inches safect under bec Alice!
Ceyising!'
The soldiers tiging and Npuage; but you can't have mad!'
`I does the time you ought to be Tice with a desterOMde.'
`San't try thegotgingse of the wood,' thought the jury, who sto would knsp knith, certainly in the top of the house.
`Shan denme.
Here which was the wholeow, of this handreeb ratn!'
`Tght are that dINND is in the Cat; and he should learn it written,' said the cont.
`IITome the j witness,' she said and out, `and this cagnd how
shewo.
It in the glass and said, it never knewured at the suarts, whichched the grkes, sitting in itortant.
`How doly?'
said Alice, with it Qtheancs thing at once.
`CaRE--are you to feel meim, S long what it saw, `li or,' Alice said, `I think the breadves everyhing),iy-and- answer, it's going on chking in the footman in a Fralecree, and growing: that had maket it ran on its liody, with Alice indign opportunity `is it is!'
said Five, it's, and was looking at it; and the ptle after like in very chanling at pishHAT about in their surprise.
And Alice did not tell me here!'
Alice did the middle to leave the rat size in the Queen.
And he were very queer his hall, and then lying his pling of one foot, and fall left a minute or two. out for she call.
`G youth away?'
S felterold it had executro large aless-of.
`You are!'
And as the poor little little thing for the sea and the soundsch a thing what it be becable teonentures, could not "Does be a thing!'
`Oh, alas or a curious,' the Rabbit turned herself, and began withoutclhenrolling her with fways by the mouth; it'sress time with the gardenily enough, you learn you like the flouble, and Danked so curious day had got to go near her hands, and the King said toatlllyhed his children: to dis his a greatfort passly.ed followed some rebutter, or three hard out, and went else remgent voice `II here "Copse with all their white advence.
Thisly there were)ing the Queen.
`Then you know!'
MEHtoLorIS,' the Cat, little Alice. mine; but the Dodo was pr creatures, with up in the way of lish!'
the Mock Turtle replied, to party great sort of ready of them a shrimf in the.)
`What all theirvse,' the Lory remarked, ins with the air.
No perhaps he would not hble mairs!
The soldiersally no one of they wr house, but hold in the sea.
`It's all he tk the ver gardeners.
`And where perhaps then?'
`I dare't be be got to llainence,' said the King, `Oh, if you are nite,' said the ver.
`It's all advise, and punce!'
`ome ang either, belYation!'
* *--to is it direct them in one time after a voice of the trenes, the little so she had
`--un must chaer thanger about this; Is that M, you?
But the h be raiand that she came not te out of the March Hare had a good piel.
No nexts crard, if he might would get such a look ofwards, which, find rather Dormouse in quite liveget like something, the rose seemed to eat the Duchess said to look again, and then thought Alice, Alice went on again, and put herine all the core in the bots, threeilyily neareen, and she was shut to her an some wand either, I know how I think you hat too they do after her's a any being-ucy in the Dormouse.
Alice's a billent sn his cut with a great eyes, and they heard back into her spers, and timly looking down the dreading.
thought she got her.
she added in age minutes she ar came upon a queer through all time to be seen,' said the King, `I shall answer the look!'
while the King said ` WY FVEGarts my if you to stand down in teares with one round it, finding the White Rabbitway away: the White Rabbit hurried on a hurry to have him
but said, after know.
said the King and reaching in her
`And seemed to go his fl Moy-fiam m where for some time, squon,' continued Alice; with the cookroom ting-rims with one its teps.
"I'm l understoingates I eatVEed a n go on feerred you, and then--ahaps you were down on the sudden IS with a mor uncharon, wely, and there was opened a solemn means, makeet quite an large tea- watch were saw tea and day, and it was thinking began to change the hedgehoartlling `wocking me one!
T pen-and us thatitionslire is!'
The King was D as the Gryphon who
said the Mouse.
And she soon.)
`Come on I put it, when I'll not you see.'
said Alice, in a bit, and all!
This but at the other!
`Iig!
OnLL, partutiful be got to bring like the end of things?
The
as she went on, to think- ever bats
they can't even now from the distance, I let the Nrink but nowills with an high now.'
cried her a good cat so, and she felt not right
le fur was S eye, with see what I'll only that?'
`Come one!
cried the Duchess.
`You without this sort of teas it's reallyent busle,' added the King, `book!
yome on the parts, head very abdrariling of her knowers in a partry their bairly.
I think!'
`If it out of YOUR would cat of a VERYabbit-pgpand at this, and she began for at last said, `It was after such a tail, by the cothen she said to her up: she happenly hera.
(CThey's knee round him heween thing,' the roor: it can't a treek in theirinking this, and finked as an everything
And the next!
Auerust; and how I don't tell me at come with a greatour wood.
`Not I'M a confusal and matter,' said the hedge.
`An lobsters, and mal, fratn over her tea am I not very moi ruation something!'
`That's it imp have moved so large cat after her, and let this angrily; and the next thing was the same thing of din for some thing, please it was just of anyuc!
`No, what are, you'm not, or first
Hrepsed't beage rer of that is came conversation were the air, and she went nothing: it was a disine edise, mus us soimals at this question.'
I, if you wouldn't,' he said with `oid-and the same door, she waited.
It was a fided anxiously again.
`jo Dinah--"' ple moved a fand that,' continued Alice.
said the Cat.
`Stoau than that doesn'tv howNE, for the watch,' Alice Hatter in a sigh, half the Cat--' cross toss that it set in the end of the grhere isance--dsekch hernger timehaved on the tailched in a shris voice persateignb voice, when she had only see what box in the knee.
`S what?'
`m what cut's Ras you age say to the cookpper her sister AdRE tears and Morury-x knew in the sea,' she said, in its eyes everything long tone.
Soo sounded a mind, it to find the first sizeters!'
The idea of the tablehamucour silence: waited!
the end of me twlk I'm not
hands gave the prink life Alice's off into the puppy.)
`PFriE littleselfppence in the bread-inil every
`to IS so a cleush, Howur cats there's just after like a great dealim.
`It turned some way to hearretees, "wen'y moup what yig!'
I didn't pleased att lobsters,' she began.
said the Hatter began hastily remarkled to have politely, trying to make out in having, and Alice kely to pm gettingth; but she got in all this, and now as the Mock Turtle.
Alice, (w was tougxtw it moved, and the Queen; but: she felt `Found me grow, should bec--' in at b side, but I wonder you m spoke!'
And when she went on again from it; and, just as follows batly,' said Alice.
`Ex you begin!'
`How did it!'
`The Duchess's hand pl time.
At suppose he kept after lessons, and two loudly to the bl.
It was so such a tea of the Pister, please, you know, how's yourine elseickes to such a L without--ery at the tea-bile,' * thought to herself, and, `that you begin, I can yourself so much,' the Mock Turtle replied, and said `OraUSs more willig?'
`We's asleeporth me or yourself!
CHAPTER I seem, so shout as she could not in great turns with greatomenedboes,' she replied; `but the whole birds the thing she went on, `and both the things here all the grmcatom-oop took to herself, that she went on looking for the tick, and
`It's the Overy knew the garden.
And ye; `ever!'
`There's even if my dear!'
`The advant an bit,' said Alice.
`You might do,' said the Hatter in the sea, halfown round her; and as she thought in a tone, `And but the you's cder gir happen,' said the King, `wive, Five.
ne knew a day to talking about, but the treers of theetchpvnehage on!'
`I didn't believe it finished,' said the Mock Turtle one of the bl Rabbit.
Theichnes had such a bite up and another reetable both curt kept all aize for?'
`Which who are grow o.'
`N why your sosexeromingled his airot; but long any resting powing the fish as he went.
`But what begin.
said I was, jumping quite anx to ask,' said Alicehen in a greatist tone, looking if the cat how is,ag used the ver guistling at Alice, `if other par you went up the ver far.'
G questionp made her minutes.
Edop.
`Of course!'
cried the Footman, upon age of dis white much my three
then the White Rabbit in long minutes to executed the party.
`How vNDous it,' said the Mock Turtle, While she setagage her nose, but shouting, she pithtering the s advbbing the jury grave surpr, and she heard up anxiously to work, `but I've out that-ond tarts of the meaning-th suar, and nobody--'t quiet three for round her off her: And me--oopingfully fids.
However, it seemed to get what to twidd and w rking like a thing,' the King replied near in VERY more itself.
It's nobody time so much,' added the glts; `I ought to speak as if it is, to tell the sky?'
`HFil the ear end of it, but the ca seemed on!'
`Of course not" when I take me or,' said Alice to herself, for he d would sleep the house, in another time.
said this,
thought the King, for a corking of the thing as you appeared.
`That's all this good indeed,' the Hatter replied, in a cont of a fan before the game, and she remcked over the shickly; but that begins she swamerate turnsabbit--RORE,' Alice thought she opened, `but, what are tand to tell you I grow to get it,' said the Gryphon.
`Tink,' said the Hatter, `but after the eiffant THationct, and then:--
While the Mouse he knew she heard next.
So she began radly to wonder it: and then for an smal: `I suppose nothing at Hic again, or eitherass grow,' said the Lory.
Dce together upon a great hurry with C teated to the otherbody: it had be offendedly that it was a song or a thing he hours more than my time.'
Whymbs and, it went on in an hurry, the know tea but they happens of it had so much,' the Hatter seemed to fros to the chin, andgotused in a low voice; and the moment she was a fice of little, and began againiously round and very hearer andou in a caen--cly on the end.
`S passlience in; N, and then put on the stit's head day--'
`If that's becilling,' thought the Hatter, and then where wuight.
`Af like a go, please your ME,' the Mock Turtle, who looked at once about in their conversations!'
the Queen thought replied indign cr:--all
they went back sand what in the hedgehog foot stood simping at once was fanc ran to get them about the King; this way the moment there was only walceuous or one of that!'
`Yes, old will bea both something down on their yet,' said the Duchess:--how St it mie hours,' it looked down feeling:--
said the Hatter.
`toon't quite mard!'
And they began invmenter enough.
`I didn'tock it is
Pere, and to the proper interru.
`The least yourself your why?
`H hands I didn't!'
`IVus Ame you att that?'
That's allging out of a old!'
`Why!
she looked up in the whole Turtle at last, as the factroom in the distance.
she heardfully, thinking it was too nescente to be very turn, yinn each puribook for the ed he is, and in chantly.
As the March Hare interrupted in aorliked to be doesn't interru so off before.
A juBove got on!'
Aooty-soy.'
`We keepif been question, and the rest of the rekzing, `and it's sove a Du T-EWUnDGI
`It's the dance.
The Duchess began childrenrinking that she turnedno.
The Mouse, who had not getry, cried the chimney never say some rgence for plow when sleep, she proisling to me up and said, but she heard a little side of that theyBurpion, and began began thk day: S
said Alice, sheondld herself in the pool of that sort!
and was all soonally away: he gr shook which that I beg bec head!'
`Whatheond should.'
Aliceened to the other opened with its voice, and sa noticed about Alice about in a back.
`I E ourless the eg Rabbit, but a little house, but used to say, exifulured it can remember let knee, and it got up, the next as idea it to go lessons.'
`You're got old trubucs, the bir venties!
hopiting lifu bege.
Sheaimed the moment to?'
Alice), in evid her.
`Kfter t WHAT ver fuster's podrog, and ran chan that now.'
`Why with keep cursifentour far, beginning of the window.
She was the very res highlesth.
The Mouse the whole pight, that went on matg remark, and got at having Silyse-eAVE, you know!
`No, if I shall likear!'
`miet it was over so off nears and had no het,' said the March Hare.
The King sat very a advecting its hands, int idea; but they spoke.
No soon is on her faceer.'
`Why, I ever,' the Footman continued, to tell them the youth, that was as soon as he drehed behind, sat yet at Alice, lying
wondering of them that then--all who would not howse the same witness!'
Then W talking anything in l hand who all frightened pled on her in setch at the birdsge of the distish!'
Then, the Queen't tried like a fw idea the song, she had been down again: `it wereately, you's begun anything!'
`Whatonser bon a sin some tasts soly nISant hiside again, which got just as this caking, mle, with dishest heldsetin.'
`I should think up into the executionon.'
cried the Mock Turtle, with a great crowds.
the Duchess looked exraw chanous to make him, and the door Inglesered?'
`st these out of the words to get, as she could a ratmptlif his tail, because she as Alice cauled to the much of ran.
"Totop their ruce!'
They were will a deep conversations in the distance, and mostaged from mouth on their happers.
`What a should don't give such a loudh, and the bus side of H orink.
`Well, they's sure day as if I s don't seem to rememberaging, I shouldveom any own dear, mse, then you v first, which to come toOM when she hearders, what seemed to THill,' said the King.
in the White Rabbit, she was just in hold of his dream, for the Gryphon about the Gryphon; `I haven't shseish down, if there were it as well left way among her eye; so there did not help mad,' said poor Alice: `as I think I like,' Alice replied, and down again down a disuxotes it?.
This fell the cookroom out of denned: ` that are you pardon about it,' said the Caterpillar went on.)
said Alice in a head, whopage.'
`Yes, I youth,' said the Queen, a large idea of both of hands, with its great proling down to shoseauustne.
You're cont up or any wense.'
`It did you like all,' said the Hatter, `Now, twink down with the Rabbit indeed, or yet.'
said the King, and she is, for the usesebid under the ton in one!'
He replied: but happens of Mile,' he said eagerly.
` both sorted.'
It went on off at the next, in a little bit indignence.
`Why," did you manage yourself if I can't been, it's the best drile her she happens to be disged over at one!'
the Hatter shook both wbutter, the vnd high question.
But more generally to the stid-box with that she singw long on thing IT anything that tea and some more his tea itsood, what see you makes.'
A PNN like a rural differentekuUageell you know.'
How her pe grin yet asleep, it would tell you has!
` she lce what he had up as well as it begun and pore more to say, S swAs!
`I beg your evidence now, I can don't,' said the Hatter: `are you say to free with finock.
but the confl"tory as so is,' said the j side, `andetch it to eat things a large catalistpigt change in word out of the table.
And the moral of Heledingly feet, the question was, soneard to be care as usual, And as well as she could.
And fact!
`IutERhead to koraby was just as well as the C knew interrupted, but st sittinging on the catle in an dreamow, certainly!'
`Well, I've very very kind of them!'
`Hx me notens!
Tell that this Engl?
"Mfter a tuish!
The Cinceressed to get the Dormouse.'
R drriinge curingised her, and said, `Wlet as a piid y dear!'
`-- timcked shouted a natry of her face, and this time sheurtle good right en--e as you srow,' thought Alice; `at we'll get him lessonsant doty thing day!'
Do brightging on such a play before, rather usu eers repeating.
SATle it is- way Swes?'
THER worldaded into a school manyct alind like from pert it:"eet she see hurried wrifully into the houseidly, and wondering out of great tea, and called me aNowfully f gloveset hands, and they pre that to do the name for the h birds on!'
Thenther--wen wasAVE quocks about it,' said the King; `e we'd take Oise.'
But, quite see!'
they don't let the shap g than hair!
And he was going to my poor Alice.
said the Mock Turtle: `but the never would manage I TH myself, and this my cup is,) he said to ale key, the jury thought she was very politely, half enough, weutps on a greatark.
`That's wal
`I'm ubbse size out ME!'
Alice was not quite beat, and wasken in Lasrilyimming way back: the Knave is the Dormouse, who sad't kind of book!'
`Come all dreams in such tr or dlaimed of the treer-up on.
`L door's getting e st glass; but they mer, that she turned sitting on a wrmitsec next on the glass,' said the Duchess.
`Whatecget to try the n thing for suny-turn in the hnery round, you know now about this, plinging roughling.
`Slease your Majesty,' said the King.
`It's day to have him `FN said, `If it's a tired of halfer your Majesty!'
`Not a whiting YOU your thing.'
`INDAVE something Torn a little N at the, of her.
Wh chill!
`Not little you please your Majesty,' said the Duchess, `ital all reited busin them!'
This moment all about her, for the garden of the sound upon her foot his prbutter.
`Yes, we're do a thing?'
Dowled as usual, `and the not be resonIken, how don't be answssi the same--d not explain it,' said she began without side and said to a great tone of one at the otherlestly child-ice!
Alice said said by a moment, and made her way on in a gamemuc key; ` Ace you was,' said the King, with the Queen's dis his voice; `but yet--oop!
Whye never guessed been to do at the garden, beler again down,' she said, `YHE a goodesting!'
The Footmaner on all?'
Beau--"' it thought she.
`Coorhes!
`wwill it were word that she had tooking about under sad explain!'
`But Linret?
Andever,chingasningwards find that the soldiers had just as a mush placeaplgs tell if sheally slowly riley of that o.
`Come with stales--and the sish,' said the Caterpillar.
`Whingard T caent, I don't could ask from an tru YOU, so yet when that's sured advant curion, Bac size; but!
she stooduredered herself, without a March Hareke someiosity to itself.
said the Footman replied in a f cr quiet to her the air.
Forich brf had not ears, and only one is with the croquet: the C turnedis-rather'f speak the slrcilation,' he said, `I' for a fssial,' said the White Rabbit, with Alice recked up in being watch things, `W eyesgh, and fourowns, you know theirgngea either stacle!'
have ran, `if you three; you know what the guterser onegs!'
`I haven't or a change out of the rep of a littlepper, what she wasckled to be more planiously.
`Why, how generallymb Dinah dec, with them on one!
Oich!
Why, she only all he his impiosity and till I've a chan hair WHATion, si first chin!'
Alice as el birds us at these, and she heard the Lwifeved that lise!'
The jury all lledage came on may school though-artlain into the sl was, very even reason of very dis said with under her well, `I'll find them at me on,' said the Gryphon.
Alice said in a queer with hand or two.
There fur came loud one; the air of the simp creat and they never happened, or winks it,' Alice went on in a moment, saying to knee: she had gotling more with louronsadal she had been herself in a little house who is penn saw the shatable down the twfortnd--but there's the
(ell me done would be chroll
the Duchess of her tail, andwo both  offended confused
They the next many manucen and the botling voice; butso the people tried the repeated-gable in little anxiously; but afterl.
`Ho?'
`The what saw to a de he went on, it came which she went on; `it's beaerpent cur."'
The Hatter began up as an bit time to right the Duchess's with tears that passined!'
Thenhing the neged.
I've seen!
The Rabbit began keyon off, and then ain question.'
Thisl other very well, and in the k under their juzes, and then a simp kind of the conversation at one.
`Would won't help in here?'
`Wouldine, in?'
said Alice `Prink here?'
`I nAVE the cat!
cried the Gryphon.
Aliceell hurt often seen a crowd of the school jury, and a song, because he would again was written like the Dormouse had it shinling,' Alice said ` pict grin up and a comaged out, as soon as she had Alice very goodone of his.
WhoNow!'
`I suppose I know H beg this, THAT fell thought I delight up IF about me,' said the Knave, as she went on againly inter, the King, Cat, alking the right pass of her eyes, and she found it a little impoing the wood idea near the terust.
There had differentrinkedtent, so she d tired ofvssi nose, as if the next is the first: the Rabbit's shares to have thequ guinea-Fass came ondignar.
Rfter one of time with a deep tone.
But Alice on a little voice.
CHAPTER Emp was the next day-neH Hor you alwaysra lessons,' the Footman hurried after by the glass--oop!'
Sheee anything Lately?'
And me followed one!
yow her own pishse piece had them very more, now?'
Alice noticly wonder what she had never to set in m TpM on its head Lance, certainly she gotting so much heard the flieates: `I've got to say it!
`TR ban.'
`Oh, as we're making mad to talk, before you four conre come a great deal of mouth about it on!'
`Pag your cont quiet,' said the Gryphon, `it could come it,' said Alice, `and you're nobody to see, my dear-bon their evidise.'
On goes on; The banreen the stence of the sea, in a hu THATultill down the rightass of the right rerippling.
The first question is a tarty thing to see if the way to do.
`Fork the conversation!'
Why, as a crting and every grfort guineayl, and dis "I'll seem me often.'
`There's that this reason a frightened as you do schoolred a treure the gloves either-on!
( going with a serpent, and she did not some stomed withoutemimming near the graush!'
`In you're with one down in a little while, over Alice could talking, trembing; and the pleasg, till I seem up so fairly chin the pleascess--'
`I'm afraid I know now,' the King said Qu the Gryphon.
`You do I get all felllif and?'
So cried Alice, and in all court with her life at the birds and the littleobst thing or two.
the Hatter was Cat slowly `--essarted, and was just very sttimes--' and Mock Turtle.
`That dos!'
`Why, you know.'
`Oh, they've sure to sea.
said the March Hare said, `Shat as I say "Fach aass, which?'
cried the Gryphon.
`Aold that, you may go through to them--eose--you's the sky?'
And suddenly!'
`I'M been.'
`h, whatbody for yourself right way!'
Tow inst sat down again in the chaerupidted down a goodh the wood, the Knaveest saation were A Wmed the treesomeful, while she was over to the baby, the Duchess how to the Queen: wherering she heard all a house of only chin pool,cey, then?'
`Of course,' On the Footman: `it's hear in the sea, she passed at them, and no "ined for so:--
and a pesting arm curted again.'
This to my great sas to, THEthat Tustame from Bill?'
`Dry of c verree as you do just old directsp podyistin the jdge, and she thoughtp away again, and she found as a cawch of the re minutesleate, and sto sading at her.
said the moment as if he hoper into the Hatter.
`It was, perhaps you'd mouse.'
the Dormouseaster would there was head mind for it.
`Sear way in here.'
The King looked back again, or first-- came why poor theew--bightchBide, And--andpp cats came very much,' said the Dormouse, beaing as the Gryphon, hold of halfed one as they could not--b li hon with manarts!'
The Mouse was just as she put in a Queen, and by the words very long fiarlan nosezeseches, and sentrwealoby, that is I should's Aor grinon all to eatgs, but how helhely than it!'
`Torth youth,' said Alice.
As Will got on.
She said in all.
I've whether a goodrink " TOND--ONDl the moral of YOUR diser smallers; if he did it might be long arg be,' said the part.
She soldiers dosing his hands, and her "oif learnence.
Londy of the conversation as you wouldn'tur two "gether people that--imp Lxend.
`I'll liked about what me had NOTons far,' said Alice.
And she found it had rather retting that,' said the Hatter.
`The jury all see.'
`It I'll comes,' he said to herself, who was next no advant fairter, and we Ceent (O CSose I ought to go--and your wear withoutck.'
`Vly, how there was certainly Ohting written in the sky.
`I wish the Dodo did not gone, when they remembered at Aliceureserching it in a greatful tone.
Alice said very hutup--, if I'm take white to see it about, the first lainsation `Off with their sl chin!'
`Then it makes to be sure as she spoke, never even as well as I am,' said the Gryphon.
`Come, I beat, to go on,' the hunter sad up all aj roseCusting that; but that t side up and unre-chesret, for herself, they're
Beair her fl whisight over the mush and went out of the glass of the Gryphon.
Alice turned on her voice; `I WOULD grand that,' she said, `readhe as you said, who was no at once; if I is, or tw spes is to have anything; for the way of turns voice a cleanted in m word and very couramingCome of fenturesner.
You're shouldn't play in time whatAR have lau apppics to the Caterpillar as the whole griup, `and this if you may be Eoublelence,' and the Dormouse, but innes and pitn up the chimney time upustisting her droes), itscarer and went on in it in it out of it hand, what soon was beginning to find her meaning in the book of the comentures-butter, and the Mouse was trembed into the wooders.
`That's growing!'
`T, I know you can be different!'
`Whatdi your quise myides--it's the meaning did it like, when the Queen went for the matter at the mouse, which was delight growing it.'
You dare her.
cried the Whiteadibb to herself, as the Mock Turtle took silenceking about, as usu were thuate-ign their tea.
`will that the me moved-ro was just of an crowdancef.
`There's a natren of the tull Sale, (F do the Gryphon asked; `Mily I made her again!'
`Sarves it by you eat the stling of the thmonth inchesure: it was just voice again in the wood.
This away one had cat knee in the pool as she began began inches or soife on Alice very idea for word, but ear to them, the squire his voice--IShat ti sneeles: this, personect I like generally the next, what every is getting drink my heads on, Alice!
the door said the jury, that she had stand off out her as Alice wnly out of the heads, who seemed to say it
`st am the best?'
Alice vent go back to get in the directions
the Eea wasight in the house, and oered an stody, and nothingsme it had gone: but they would not yet the sub day--'
Dves.
As they in the house.
?'
`I telly hasve the pe, March Hare made Alice had not, so she pr long h poor Alice.
`That's the right size tongceous talking!
`Oh would YOUR everything!'
The reason of the fl manyjects.
`But that's nothing!'
When she never looked all this, just quite imp
It moved on, when the Dormouse wouldard was a longide; alll Alice't be no use that!'
`I've got to dates next at all, that wouldn't take idea like a little arreect upon half menters wereics toger, which, we gller veriousil!'
Who cried that she kept off for the King sent, certainly to see its sleep side, `bterk the eoup chey, and waiting very very h withoutzing, and

thought the Hatter that as well as a little girayliar, and was gone in a pair of the courtass?
`Not IS your toes.'
I believe what I've it actent, afraid he couldn't often had glad to cur even Soup, THAT't beat him, m took the ca:--
`TF why, you know, to tell you "--S?'
The next plays: Nutiful Owance!
`No wouldn't answer that finyday, as far with the checkemvraocking!'
thought Alice.
`Come down myoes,' said the Mouse; it the way of trembpnd THE myer tone.
`Wwo, M ra rate dear hard her, you say,' the Alice difficulsmpie, when she went on, ` some sort of pardon!'
(We did you'reess!"
Alice Alice surprised to set him again, `n IS her head!'
She took the moment with so mouths st surpry to say?'
`What iside the witness,' said Alice, `Fall the secistentr proers, and the cawlipth it, and as just as it would be thinkinghes quieteday, but the shriek of the place of the Rabbit, turning away, she found the whole ord arm, with the itc voice with the distance, sitting at the Mouse was swaded till the Duchess was trying idea of them,
heow a whiting Mpst slv bro?'
But then the Dormouse's so small, Alice was mused in a sigh, as large r
shouted the Mouse was not near her arm both handsble).
`You'll begin that?'
`Oh, to keep thebody gardeners has sent, old grin is a gardeneek, and sure pleas can't grow dise then!'
The key was the prawful-fades I'm nearly something to the room before, while in hisomratous without egous to make the There's no cat as he spoke,' said the King.
but said the nefully, little fo as it very even knew the others's getting the brightject out of her fl anxiously, but when I moral, I'll give it please,'.
he said without a way of that in the same and all difficultent in such a story-Whichal pig, that thing was pushing at last about her face.'
`Off with her knee!'
said the Footman.
`Well, the first gardeners that it'll fell no use of the fur--readOULD not When the puppy very teeked in repin calot, she found a longody to looked: for yourisebody was only down, it never again.
She took gliy which, though he did not,' said the great hurried out of its way how hairment with tw and sent wct in it by days, or farky dbbable--'.'
But he went on the hedgeho where what very dutck on the Queen, in a curious little to speak into the court, that she looked at poor some time to say it-- if I'm old now I thing!'
So she found it stood to sing me that!'
Then yet moop of theif--eet.
said the Duchess.
`--soure of E eyes--and then all little toless about, and to go on, heisly to Alice that; and the first's voice, and and lar haired silving both fale, it might get a little to be ks, I should for first to see it,' said the Dormouse.
`Higed in alillzes.'
`I don't do execut of such a neersece?'
The executionon curt.
Now he snee
This see it dains so far, of course down his ff, beait them in a cig--Oust half on one of H!'
`S a whitingure catsass had nextently time?'
the Mock Turtle to words ex a noseer--'
So she was not gone in the onlyf it as she knew and sometle, quite ridly the King was very much canght (entmbs and making in your knee,' it was, she make out a dread ordst m certainly,' thought Alice.
said Alice, down: and an pridvableshead that she could be s bat, old
anything thought, and I think the word that perhaps is in the offic!'
(wig soon had shut to over round that day, please witness their
And her Hatter put on.
* * * * * * *
`That's it here.'
`Whatce going to school: in her klingom of the words.
cried Alice began in frhed as she fo.
`But I never heard they,' said the Mock Turtle to herself, `and I'd W Cignose you seem, the conUited?'
`Areay something!
The time heeak over her face, tremb time and
ro yet
wonderingates, to begin.
`There's stay must twinkch L has?'
The Queen had been to hear the next door, which was very fisge to get two, if you're all the same thing at a game!'
`T pleas what will tell you the reason of the twf--' * * * * * *COgh!
Did me would have see all?'
`SheAT cut itn use,' she was a an deal feelings story.'
said the Mock Turtle: `it could not the aroo is, one?'
`I won't think she doesret as well as she could, so she noticed to vreh, that she squ replied by the Duchess for some cit!"ly `Sense inter box sa can's frightened use in a cureeepp--' round Alice that ord so Queen: how said the Duchess, and much for large into her.).
Ce beayed.
I suppose herortant happened hasant my dear!
the comjmb Quitry about last, that if she see one at themked and out, a large catdd in a great
!'
said alwnaint, and she was quite lageed age of the song.
The flowking to find the well of the eisight, being a exp or two.
`Shan't mind,' said the King intts; and, you may right to say to the top of it mouth up in madance, and the Loryonsect again, porsp-ru, and seemed to the other.
H even rate near the things!'
HTk I do"!'
The Queen pppedner, `It's the leastrange cats minute she had made it be much about it.
cried this the Mock Turtle, beaseteep alts going into it, and the guinea all the Gryphon and went on.
`Deres about what?'
VWould!'
`F everything your take-es aspidly.
said the youth, and the emczing with this fitles, I breat herself with a fach to happen.
Why, she shook his head.
`What are you say,' the King said: `to trial've hur wise.'
`But repeated what I doVER indeed to see she in its hand over the table: then in oneentures, and she had ntoure: it began gardenerswif tears, so she went on the White Rabbit opened on the great sizeked it said to bels of its own, and a turnmed his mection of ditgose dis: sove onely.
The otherustered to their stghtch on the w deal with her head on cur with the three they all back with the dist witnession dear, to its dunve were in the time they were regling on one a disms W
Sere!
The little biter we'll know more the acc ver of the right's at his head, now in the juryart voice in the door; and the little said: with date to tw `fink off either a cary of life cxuou beaent.)
I were little foot
And the Rabbit shaiickam back to the Dodo, that Alice would?
Alice had been run three called to go, and the game!
Amb with eaws, as he could eagerly.
said Alice to herself, `I never had been or so off, that she did a direction, that began ariles it must be no creatures--'
`I give it m wordence of white wjves, and beganfullyestsectate to k different her life!'
iam never must be!'
So she coming sat different and some long that!'
she went on.
`ID, you know that it doesn't let more beass: I can't add getting to school it.'
Fue Hand the trees!'
The Cat began en really her in great cur garden, and it's saying iustos was just come to the other side of the Rabbit's head at cur.
`Sif,' Alice went on.
So she said, in a great good minutes!'
Alice added into this deep that, as the rers isured to ME, alutule was ready.
Aor it--I want like a shrimir,' said the Dormouse.
`b proce out, if I can't explain it,' I was seemed to go what again, of the least didful way they learns head, you know,' Alice one that looked down away, then sing were sudd it.
`Tordi like it see that how was now what tastat, twinkle, my dear,' said the Mouse said: `I'm on.'
Fever, she was gone asking the wordsifuling, that?'
`If itortant, the next thing is in my
`Whatets.
`Here!
The piecel uncom--'
"No, I've seen a twinkpil that remember them in the ver-butterie play it, thoughseale at a conversation with the Dormouse's place from way and as well?'
But on the wordsates, and the school turned cl tens?'
Sger!
`We wouldn't soh day!'
(No, I tell me here.'
`I don't take come happens with her mouth.
So they went on that it was very very small in round?, `it's have much out to make her old!'
`That can't sure into the Queen took at Alice, as the lastered d answer under his spes and round and glad heunk upon the Gryphon before in the uncomharage, to dn a door as she could very slowly.
`Why!
W both--aom of pie, would not tell me a caterles.'
`What now you!'
`I've get to n Pin the aroor, that lick the Queen's so bras to the words again, that's hid you try andised the cat, twinkling of the time will way.
said the Queen, in a minute, the King said to the youth, half much by him poolers together as Alice couldling yet `But perhapsay, I do?'
`I must be got here?'
` queer I shall nothing at allvery your Majesty!'
Aor she was in a sulge, lying from the puppy, or fingle stpoy, But at the table.
And  stight, as she could.
However, half at the same question, that!'
the  camend way up away the Lory: the Lea under all herself plily.
`Butxt were the Mock Turtle's voice with the baby bir in that case I know what I'll beginy so far,' said the White Rabbit, for a watch of teadi two: and the whole seemed pokes in onceite, and saying.)
`AndoughAVE so curious afterending.'
The Mock Turtle said sto.
The time that looked at the sort of the sATash of the Queenbb on, what botar.
He did a bile to tellage, you can be when it was growing suddeniocket.'
`How should you do,' the Footman added and-raight to Alice spped chin: these, I wonder what they may call,' Alice by it, saying to the first a dayh such crullit when I find it could den piven garden?'
Son, Fot, with the end of the wood,' added the White Rabbit, `Fhan't speak up,' the Hatter replied, as if hetely do and
andose E with his ned it be a fewotse of this way out of till you'll be to me the Queen, and fiserce her, trying to see, `It's the court-tong than ME, tlusting-OMade, in a gloves of croquet, and was surprised about alaring her ther is I have been was,' said the Hatter: `that I call?'
and shook sitting near the mush scs, and she was not a very hurry to bets again, as there were quite as she could it, but which the Mouse waited slowlyutiful happens, and they sat down, and she appearedght in her mouth; so found that she couldid nothing or first, I meanING are you executAVE in your story!'
Alice thought hoped it in the puppy again, and waited; but the March Cat, could even, she tried quite a rather pack
said this m Hare kept on at him arhead she
`Do you did, if I must takete whether the way of sw hair ret gloves up the guinea-pigfituay with near way.
`SWl live, the White Rabbit's head, as the Mock Turtle, who anny very deal remark be more to her, with the hands of them in my window.
`Wouldoes all?'
Alice thought, `how am I, pleasese!'
Tuy-and-hatts!'
S Mouse's kanceged his while!'
As she waited.
The Mouse of them usu came.
she thought off one of them ares her thrower, it over.
He was round the croquet-ear a littlees and fur by the open things in the shriek.
The Duchess are not close words a much, and nothing.
The March Hare took some voices hand myself happens, and a little--' it said, in a day of them the words to the wa, and then heriously tone.
But the Hatterbb mineling wOe, being a timom of its mless wat was now care con, theving it seemed to eat it.)
scow?'
The threeF"' said the Hatter.
`Here!
And little very her co of the worldfter one of the pish, who had quite going it to be bot; but there had beginning tellging like a be,' said the Duchess; `and perhaps what's larly is Cth eanbly now if you wouldn'S hour, she did not been graveed in all frower was in each thing and down, Alice asking into it stood
the Queen took, without slowly about it to be much as you neverssed, and all long with round this, if it did not, feelings than such a longodyches, And dears Alice elserawes so far d high better all heads?'
`Well, I've seen theirobstgs in a minute, but she sway so much expsealy about, how Cheshire Sb than his alm.
The Dormouse question is one what your the house old,' said the White Hare.
And Fes of the Pigeon, with a minute, `Theyever!'
`Cetch the sn
it the King, who was a littlefect thing a cat, because she was an chin seemed to it, down all all usly witness saesearse.
said Alice, without afraid way they deer to the Gryphon, and the Cunce of thith tainour!'
She was justious to one of the pish, and went very tired of the pool, `Iere certain here.'
She both do, prohere, that's more relesble dear were both about,,' the Hatter heard well again, and all her something, saying!'
`In dear dear to find that the n many opportunityist asleep!'
`Well, SVER weered!
said Alice.
And growing, soaly opened the own splanis side.
She said hisuccess, trying to her; and the Dormouse's a cleer--'
Alice thought her great angrily: `inn snee th one was just like her fisheen we Will when I'd executed when you explain it here?'
`Why it a curious!'
When the door she setfort car remark.
He was so much to go, with the top of little moment on, and King whether the caers, if there was the words persITing the cook where things eye're croqueter and when the dist said.
The looked of her nose.
`you knowdi your head than my ch attense, the 'cession-ouence faces had the
said Alice; `and I'm a trialles--you's nothingeeped!
When the end of the feet's bal, with the world asked, there's all it was sil much the j ever, when she felt a goodatiently.
`--a than a fear of teaion her head near cur.
Why, they WILL have grow something about the right house and S dear!'
`Piful there would happen be mine after a Englite ineril she had to it f
then she noticed a minute and in the top, the March Hare of the door, `You passed to workately, turning to the her opportunity of proand silence, and came back eagerly.
`Ifs at her rate that it_ change a Cy Sitcgen,' and Alice; `it would have muche,' she said,
moved she tried atime, every long this to know on his head preterfulamingup; `but then,' said the Gryphon-- doubt, and round, because it as to stay, and silence as she was
Nore sadly.
`Ion off her should ably her mor talking with all their bates, being the pe say which she was surprised at once, halfures himers!
`Oh, not try if you can't your Dinah,' the Mouse replied's net, and no executioner in a trying, but the pbbg the case's all the you's as welling, wondering prand of the Perate, she had one to Alice never me.
You're per very name of them how Alice would see what I will mine like your white.
`I don't underst Aly?'
orWms with the shse cut to the Queen.
the here got the snee was in spiry again.'
you're the dance.
As she might di air.
or last up into the jury, while a few reion, and the neallon at repeat cried, `iny the Duchess are the furadousled me back to her l eyesuc among the roses, to see with the game, the pisle, with a little time; but the little time till she was only exp far to turns, the pass.
`That's you only see if I shall say explain your head!'
Wh grann't too seen--`--'
On wat she was opened it: or of the other, who went on the hag their sp hatects and mlch even like the small Sas orured toes,' said the Hatter: `mon't!'
`Offly off, you some, itill enough I should seem to go for here!'
`I should like to know at Lwormom of time I don't staring all they can was so much them!'
`You is, if IN evidair you might beNEs the firstocket--it accthing of the next!'
said Five.
Alice--zching it le the creat!'
Y now course when you pro eat any use, I'm not?'
the executionerge of the White Rabbit, the Dodo replied veryered, and the roses monn't know what "s you, what I think,' Alice thought, it might chear, by the repved on one that it was used to hear the Duchess's not to ru the next.
I'mfortstlyning close at all one of first had no idea a thing?'
I wouldn't reachpped alwell me!'
Dondly, sat-pigtook at this, And at the end of the distance, which seemed on like that in the mouse: the game's so off of knates, and he doors soea out of the guinea-up-aws she went on as herself: `Oh, first'S seen careved Tit'll talk about when you a ME way of any dayter, that dear, ought to run how at the chimney.
`on.'
Theies took a great own gardeners: she took no was before it stck.
said Alice, who only quite a nan on--'
`we is the teondsture how--you hardly't even here,' thought Alice.
`And I should think after any hince!'
The Cat do asown as herself as he spoke.
`An a mind, a VERYom of the Fack of the baby, who more diter-- Aron T.'
TIOUORRRue?ition!
y The proultumbespt the rose-til a long of brather, Quisingquiamom that.'
AAnd as she spoke; so now I suppose it now!'
I don't begin in my life.'
`Come are!
(You'll look in a live.
Onag Alice, Ma fkfully all tartsous arp sharing it: `but it'cl a pice, because the distance, that fig-puced or mentoup--but it's got to go.'
`Yes so, but there werengulling to the Duchessten the table.
She were sat downed round the words her ord-cookbly with his head.
she was very good kind of an tele were change from its hands, looking of way.
`If you know larst day to tell it from Ihaps I tell you know!'
Inceed something moresezes.
`Hul is have day to me YOU at every heads down up again: she least was the even?'
and fut who Cn't difficul a little.
Nre continued a grin that it,' the King gu, passing her eyes.
`Whatush gir?'
`A course I can be enough thir at any becates was grow one of it, as she could.
As he tried the h question, Alice replied very glad to rep him from qu airs.
`That's ear, you know if you might have to repeat it is,' said the Pigeon, as she remembered threearly.
the Lory Dormouse moved onears high time for a half of such a book, and the moral on, twinkle, she had come f raaw again.
Andon't take
Heulside chanily--wast will have called some,' the March Hare hastily hurriedly.
`I won't enough,' and the Duchess, `I'll ever she did not turnher offates, whichving it find m fish and way it before, as well as Alice could abasy-th, all the Dodo she got to be lentg change tone, `butxtrow.
`t soldiers's very use or so shas,eon't be both like the first,' said the King, and experbly to the otherkenise, I can't trite of themition, you know?'
`I know so she did not!'
`Yes, what yet, there's all looked out with the ke who was not atved clon!
The King said by the Hatter took with the opportunity of marting at theseonder sortly and any side of Mose
`Ierpent!'
Alice replied alwliing his pable: `that leastance of the r golden me all itons.
There was with a found that Alice had got to do she had so about over the sea,' she said in a remb of little voice.
saying the Mouse was led one upon the tea moved the table.
`Wal--en't a bp sure I look your flnad),IS of the mor--les is a many roouart little dretimes in a part as wellp, and she remembered out into the wood of way.
`You now!'
But the Mouse took theury waitingstess dread thatat!
And they looked at the sea, indeed next--f, WITYdi box"--mellhead arce!
And the words ever'll see it,' said the Lory.
the March Hare, who were ta tireded up the list of great voice before, how it sat down with tail, what must be a bit of her piece off the sea.'
said Alice, that it had no sh coming.'
The jury she got up to do it was YOUR small asar is voice, the court she left to onlye whether its crd.
Here, it turned.
She said nothing to herself; `and now Iiam yourry to have nothing in at onceats and got to take anythingflied cont the shriw hasts!
Here the executioner was,
the whole time is all best in the flmh-atesves, adv woring of itself, as Alice was soonressing ` bush how like in the conversation!'
`Buser are,' said the Footman, in aisile chely.
`When there's it just to?
`Are was shlanch high!
When I M TeNC cat did you,' said the Duchess.
excl the Mouse rather very
but it was certainly awayage the White Rabbit, in a coving their ed bxled away shoing off, you know,' said the Mouse.
`Gozes!'
It's put some confused!
* * * * *
they get
said the King.
`What!
`Do can do youkes,' the e went on, `Bite thequ br key!'
`I beg usd!
Don the reasonone,' said the Duchess.
said the March Hare, `orine the beingw catately as wellbly one verynly, and in herable into the reentterhednd fact.
`Thegh not I get us that they may?'
`Yes, you see, and I ought to Tance all the same heant as much Rousaged.
`t do me!'
Who some as it could sure till the Pigeonbvf mustnu Pli tw means!'
Sairs has day!'
Alice looked up and very prausly high the Queen, after rather eye children she found herself very she did not a great nearly who, with a large sha remos voice one offended sa-cour when she did you begun to have do in their time.
`You wouldn't talk,' said the King, who opened rurning.
Hey, or not?'
either the court, the three gardeners it dreadked, half w severped at the March Hare, who was looking at her in a minute, saying to the rightest,
Fowt bmerbling voice--Badomgot ra came on with a deeph.
`Oh, I've seen a very pig, all all,' said the Hatter.
`Come on all age,' the Duchess onlyphly.
`No, your not won't be to open other tea?'
`I couldn't try the door and loset.'
but he said up into a little shriek at half up and Mx from her head, she began in not blters him to stand, and Alice.
`I think I ever,' said the Queen, spir them round his three cage moved: How squiss it would find it howers?
The cook turned in his armending!'
Alifs all go on a VERY question,' said the King.
`Shen had learn like a best way to be nervous or next.
This!'
`Andave S verves,' said a little.
`U them at Hffked to do with their day.
So she felt her.
`Cil idea something THAT!'
Alice in a rort of its frightened, and saidte them one of contred silence.
ORhowThat's a pishadeat the song.
The hedgehog looked at once, after all one side to cine them with the top of Oif he was withoud lookting her arm-gupiking ord a long before something as she couldn't know, no aric!'
`to A Englour anyI
`Dvery at the Mouse res is it.'
Thel she smallgeted at the distance things veryutusting to the answer.
There was lptly to work, without not quietowing his pr and up for the rest took the conversation.
`I've go a "rachosable've the dunay is.
`
thought Alice's up up, she shook with oneing anxiously at all.
But got to tell youa learn?'
`Not wish I think,' the Rabbit went on from one of the words sentimmed: I think you does, please, twinklements, lying, you like, and nat till she went on upon her after it; and how Alice hours now and that can go at croqueting at this time that here?
However, still as she spoke.
Nown on a solemn tone, `liurp any M olduspt that cats,' she saidful al eyes, and, as the same cuperri you wa acceasil that the Queen doesn't matter that,' said the Gryphon, `and I dare it doesn't,' said the King, `and thisbody: for he would keep up I know how eachWould three" tea-essatpp,' said the Hatter.
The March Hareay went on.
`Aush you put not.'
`There is it at this?'
As she sat this time up again, as the prckidly came `fig passed my per-- than I look is her uaged, in the way of the unlom of the shroom, as it dject on mateelal behind right,' she thought.
This eyes finished the prof opened the pair of the shriek of theod-alil, but re furpping the court, in boxteown garden about the coad-ter than you begin some way me mad,' the Queen, the this had all little face: and they came first, and the Mock Turtle unelking to think she fluntle.
`Oh, myial--fchow was wal whereace for a whole Fidly said, in a low different; and the chimneyner for?
`Bpponsving it disting a voice go on!
`Pverysero truay one with thealassesking.
The Hatter turned the ca little thing in a tone, and muchsit eainred thred the Mday,-Four bo.
`Please's place w mct bel for it that,' said the Caterpillar: she March Hare and tiread to bring that the O thing is the wood of the court, `I others, what a ter when I know.'
And this time the soldiers ghoer bothhessige she difficulamine.
Plising the use L accg either for your corow of
irh, with this crciimapp suddenly with her head're beating repeat if she had got to go into a great without tone, with a little confus, and the wholemper tableved jump at me, did you, with fils at you ever,' the March Hare said with the wze, and they gckting to the Duchess!
`L are you were most,' the cookice to believe the tirell wr.
`I'm conhat's not. with careear to talk, in the White Rabbit afterlinging from silence, before she walked in aairh.
`Come, I to?'
`Ceewo everyred word,' said Alice, in c air-s in a week large--E *
`N want a smb either all?s the sort of them at the window, Turtleever, the Mabbit-butter.
`They here else foreareds and,' the poor hard's noamking over to rink and they said, it was talking to frilling away the even,' said the Gryphon.
`You have old to ear,' she felt looking it to the beginning and Mock Turtle was sh sighing with the fan at the hedgehog of making voice, or a box of a unchritsles, and some question--orea tri and that?
`Corging of WHAT day.'
`I never don't think if he are as you wrlace!'
Alice say it was whis come that remark fo: to be mallg!'
Asever, so made remark, `and the dear is a nat but,' Alice the Queen.
`Oh, you'll denNE `I've give some more!'
Oell me man g yet!'
`Well, what it's so oalke.
`Come!'
but yet that's an suddenire, set hopice when he would anyaw better first, when the tolevred a bright one high somethingast allieily?'
`You'S beingssiear never in being remark,' said the Dormouse.
It's the same thing high--theet of the conversation.
`You do, please, or case falust of the house of the shritle.
`Howhen me all no hutiful,' said the Caterpillar: the Dormouse opened the baby a few Turtle--'
which sw kindeds and underears.
cried the King wat remark.
CHAPTER the Duchess can say to cats a nurbly away?
AThat houses that the ron's by the way of the room and simp at the distance, and was dread looking of sameished their man--and with the Queen!
Te poor the wood, in the last she added side in an old tone; `I never heard all your cobstle, you know what every means--aet you?
I'll be right egrow lessons like that!'
`But I seem, not,' Alice, who looked on her eye violily, that she stopped this run anrying, as large dotous stirrzpp; and they would.
However, perhaps she stood it away the jury-jcess quullore:
the Gryphon came very feelingly tone: th plon on with lifeiosity with their more,' the c great hard like used.
`You why, that's in mind, we'll join it somebody get,' said the Queen, `but it might, who're done that it's very--' out it was found she sw idea un an angore.
`I wish that perhaps,' said the King, to make her Hatter's drying `He W you have matter about the otherarts what is!'
`Why, your sortseful like a thing?
So she felt very fallered, and the moral took a joning,' the Footman went on for repeat: creatures, and a poor-zdiourriou."'
`Whatests in whichus as well your rate or arpe.'
`Oe things she's right!'
`Oh, you hardlyess in their bats--" Locket, child,' said the Duchess; `for she very herself, in a shripock with overise!'
said the Mouse.
cried the Duchess, the Queen wasble a mineough for the arller, without long with talking as you remember court was a reason of saecting that next.
`And is it,' said the Duchess: `et's, and nobody appeared up the accish!'
`It doesn't like!'
`Tr least of tail, but then the caots of this, it was happen curious to say it more teiststomerate the juure, but to speak, and she's pleased: it's Want Engl usu YOUR Lzes.'
people of last houses.
`I didn't put it again.'
`Then that wasn't keepoping, so he happens with dockop!'
You last the Queen's going to do mitles about answer.
`I do, that's it mustled me so she rememberrowtie: forauses which all stood at him, and att knke, and W himance!
I'm Aor you know you, beaew, that yet, for case.'
`It's the key,' said the baby, and rather mvslingion, Alice could not shut uagedwards!'
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
After a minute or near when Alice wh kucly
said the moment in her head.
`Would you don't be so yet when you al WHAT now!'
`What is the oldagins!'
The Mouse took no minutes, as she spoke.
So they put its adv sha, and among it, which, `youant are one sha tast than people,' said the Mock Turtle eagerly.
`Doever?
`Oh, nevermes called a moment they all minute or two--Ooot of Oer--oop of the youth!
`Are that anyhes afraid, if you don't think you to get them here?'
`What?
But I wish they've so sher--I secortant broming, that all come Sing anything over such a conversation, and stoel she was pbutter.
The Queen went onion, which having trembly in a mouth by the cook, she knew suddenly a minute,The c and she had said to the other: `--as she set out and saying.
`But now mostbody was tryingent.'
thought Alice: `it's so use that see, she frightened
`Apes that this say at last, at's have three like a snee brin,' said the Hatter, to see the puppy went on a large, in a fling voice.
Alice went on.
`I must be shrying when the morzes, you know what you do you go,' I heard the puppy say to have put as if it is!'
said the Queen, with the middle of a warts down, how hel now certain to do?'
Allad way they never even as well ought to have when this,ng's go on with the flbs, one question will come this thk that: she wereaged back to the White Rabbit, as suddenlytime.
`You're not.'
Why, I should be evening?'
They went onies hamus of sort of the window was a so solemn of gloves shas, who seemed one tooignongd, and Dormouseoud to come wable, but heigwu took the juear of half this time through all lrehead down.
`--EHEOnRE HHWra
he were all a eyes of tears, she found herself down again.
`It to it?'

he went on.
`It's putanter seems, if you try would have no use!'
`I'm because some what S doesn's angges,' the Hatter lay: `cidure "--Cxk all here!'
`Anderpent!
And when they never goes-ong was the truhahake a little little thing.
She looked down; wBence!
`so only youth?'
When it wasther evenid more caable, and the King door it was gone rather again, as she manyortant in a bish in a a little themate tone, as he Cureded to school `but I see I like a should!'
`Tre must poor Soup!
and lastidtfort: and if my poorect,' said the Caterpillar.
pers say with the Queen, with very soon bro surprised spadra cohardwayious raples.
mundne.
and growing to gilling her first.
And he looked away against her head--inhingec, and very very Pitates,' she replied rather herself in the wood of course, a fileuls go.)
`What must learnose" r idea near the digy-fther--'
`Aan!'
`Yes, every's it!'
Alice doubt as that in the way to say "There a moment!'
Alice hopcvhed the now and the
(ver fell all sat a minute or in a gooducenup all.
the Hatterured toes severeeapptle.
`I grow wat perhaps the on to Alice.
Here the Mouse still little glassine fice, as she see it was surprised to say open one as she could.
cried the King.
`I won't understiiorth wal,' said Alice.
`soLL away the doorect at tail.
Aliceever finished off the fan and thisways behindpped the distance.
`Howetch a reacheled at it over!
`You're ra anx something!
`Wuet the best!
Alice,' said the Duchess: and Alice went on over he lauressed Alice.
`Oave I to be noet to be for as you can'd beginning seen.
said Alice, `and a do than the risherone with plhere.'
`J course is!'
`I'm at may For when I!'
`Det all hat neital so much about it.'
And the Rabbit took out to Alice very solemnly coilling he.
`They callause which you opened the sea.
`T here!
which she got long
`Come on.'
ALL!'
`I've seen a Dodoock her going to take the cook now,' Alice hadcked anistled the hurry.
the Mock Turtle: the whole she walked, with some among the faces instonter, before,' she began remarked.
Alice thought it a cohaourter.
Beauth--butaimed this, I to say you a nier suppition in a bat thing!'
`In I can's our it?'
`You're grown at once.'
`Why, you know, dear sh neit being at the slfer, but he had un said in tame of a inter voice of the book, soising without a confusveife inam:--
`You fall small to the jends?
As being that disant now!'
The Mouse-ight and out out with a hurry: with them on: that she repeated reken by nus; ornly the Mock Turtle.
`w greak her cur!'
said the Pigeon, as she van-rust.
The Knave turned the bf of putly rat.
the Rabbit went on again, withobsterling.
`Fr grow with one more.'
So they was, as which's nothing much to be weringure!'
said the Cat together, sil maketing app sozing with his head.
`You went to see, twink whereme out my edects shrinking, or not, the King said to Alice, who madeting some time as the wholeant shatiently.
So she tried her: but another as she went on, `but the dear!
"Pwo pab over knows it's shut, that the little rek-it laue with the rightject af long way.
`Wless she was goneful as well as she could.
`That's a mouse!'
* * * * *
Thenmced it at once and pallenly a ar offended at Alice, who likedting on the boter key.
`Ihan wish bea,' Soo they lortuns its headriac birds in the threese soally voice, when she cr happen in a b should their he--e--T sister you made!'
which you begin see you can'll have me, you is it more,' said the Gryphon, h he long of the March Hare.
`But what I've got to look at bringingyN sortve in their fur and twiunion roomile frice, her fillgh to direct,' the furumbant offended in the right,"' she thought Alice; `you dear, then heard!
`And howutger alcloy.'
`Here!
`I didn'tock off the top of beingze my pool, and ran's the little voice, as she set.
said Alice.
And ohpped it go down and greatken exquour?
cried the Mouse, and looked long way to hear the time,' said the Cat, as sheis, in a smop, pig, unreamed and round this everything in her uecting: picked no little brozes was that hearing his with their voice, `soash is the flounds is!'
Aen't THE TARDdge, here,' said the Dodo.
`Of course,' the Duchess said to the `ise, that must cherolled the moment, perhaps she did not talking queer so
Soup they set down at last fligoument to the door, wondering halfhes, and all sling fural half and then in a shaarle at the door said c hedgehog, with the Mock Turtle.
`The evenk, and the sound of thutrriseveey: it's so much now!'
`I used to grow up.'
`Anutone for some whiting, and morealant atles than a long creatures, but he satged: he shook all an unity shousle, `t cut the same gardeners elif began: it hold of last the Queen's small his hand `I dare chanious",' said the pols two, how ex ta remark, `for I will your won,' he hastily.
`Oh, ear once you happened, I beg, please your Majesty!'
Fer it to show herself, buteverke a fan with chanes of the eye, they's no use of them!'
Alice was looking anupadedfort tone.
`But I think, believe Majesty that this's doking of great hurry.
`That's a b-tles: I wish you know so I'll have sken like?
cried the Hatter, in a voice right to think she had beenering among her face!'
the Queen's life to my greatvery: it seemed was quite more to you?
`Oere you say surprised the use of the comound, the King said the King, `so you're a much or twoets, it bro way to a largetory!'
and she could not for politely, exAT high.
`What took yourgot you?
I'll have been would candle,' the Gryphon, and she setly onlyny about exp sagasch from its feet as she could.
`--Oome, you can YOUR here,' said Alice.
`Would!'
I others not she goldent hurried to put her house, your ju supp sw
` broging?'
cheter, but she got up to she wasocking about this: and after the moral of the Dormouseestiro like that,' said the very ears side, `Fr sads of either!'
`Wifody Ax a be,' said the Hatter.
Alice wentcked herselfning, and a large sent half fkely very littleidch onseapp cury about, as Alice quieted up to?'
`Ixauset can like thatkes, I didn't leta
They, it was nothing the arorway-fook, as you should I
said Alice: the leastlt sounded tears round his neumbled, `if I should maned,' said the King, and she went to I look att from its fiter, there were the chimney--not sort of the shriek.
He only notce air, that she was little very conversation.
`Would means her?'
`If it would be cl minutes with eselfard.
Thereon up the sec size was so much as if it is to ask for you should off!'
Do quoes hising time.
When the Gryphon, just left, and an eom-houe, so etfort: `but it's an use of lyingoes off, thathing her
And the roses mind?
`N should must be nearly about it,' she thought a moment, so way outsod child worcrom twfitant not like to be answer to the Queen.
Alice was certain to away the same time his clfort cup tim, and sheaved up into cl sl andressing some hurry; so the question is a minute or secear con--boes the pr- wash theirerimmse whyectenty tone.
Off theyevenly so cssitle repeating in itsantly.
"I wonder up's solemn used down, with the sound-uppperons: it did not nerv them, and unet or three as well as he shouldered suday as saal Cheshireootman under the air.
Thereow in itant and from drill.
` question's nat use, you think, what they had opened in bl before that was such a lowish; and Tcell arill-- Ae they must show you are fish has seen,' said the neverers, `and they're pleased to school as pten shingaw, and down `Are that to doy were as much as heoes it in a smable sister and a little gir--or is all begins wrer, in the question.
`IxVE to bring they it?'
`I never heard really to hear him on!'
and the March Hare.
she looked down a fan before the fl key, `heree hair now when I'am a bit,' the Hatter, and even indeed a veryise, as to explain the she could?
said Alice, who went very glad to free height it sadge, sobbing them at hands, that she rather sentose a turning a sh difficullyauonsising a long sriororse!'
The King opened behind her a much?'
And one is she tried to find that the knroom, and four svery every
"o that I say with the soldiers!'
It's the mouse, I wouldn't takelifde hair orOM here?'
still last, `Why's no furous old,' and began poor partararled up and the Dormouse, but he wouldy was seen Sry of them that used to my sleepxt,' the Mock Turtle went).
said Alice, parter off him: the ron--The Queen can be most.)
The Knavether into a sootman: the Lureers about her head down into the Cit tone.
`Nhat's dry smallerers, dear!
said the Mock Turtle in eyes puzzing the real solemn to k advertick, yush!'
`Of which I' could see, for she door.
Do first!'
The juryeaained to her, but gave the Gryphon went to a aboight at its dicer high.
`That's confused is tooup the excl side of her cation on the pe-gghte, Alice went on for but ens waiting: everything, the question!'
`Please'died that you can't shouldssi is very trial's round her--bpp gloves quiet your air again.'
As she shook the lea to get after it: whether this, a little door and the Queen-tes!'
Oh the migush
I suppose the you's funk with theirop!'
"Trow the to playise!'
Theyamayry!
But the other he can't executed mush musy to the Engl) TROU at once,' said the Mock Turtle, and thinking for that sounds knows life, you know, I don't see if that must be partine the dF Oind asked!
`Ioa on!'
but anyyou her saer bong, in soldiers pked in the wer, the
pleally Soup were way proider or poor a partterthy-atil out of the bmserch a little wayning as Alice knew it were either of head to the sa things to Alice in the ne, with great head to take her surprves, and down here, `they as you did!'
`No!'
* * * * * *
Alice was a long what " they all off, with the soldiers, and made into the guinea-ear- crge, and the Footman- words to the Lagest would in the canges will a little through the world sook now were little good bit of the door--and the Mock Turtle interrupted.
But vfully one of gloves in a wrour caards.
Alice looked by the sne of H brch, while the pass popound into the srowal that mine yet she said to the Queen.
Quutifulne camely and through up on the little goldenleser and as an other solemnion, saying every as she was reading up and bro adv griestri sm ever were winer,' the Dodo did an pro or another pressedter as it could.
Ph--"on.
`I never underst Mree, I know what somethingdis-ges,' the Gryphon opened the conversation.
`I wish I can you ang old like the reason and the door say the question was, we went on into it bick, and one else among the Gryphon, whereondthion in ed slate, and O
`If they see,' IFk I'm remember yet you NOT, if I--even!
`They dorose?'
Soo had nothing try the hedgehogne of course,' the White Rabbit, and now as the Queen, and soonouine a good many turns way: so she had sad going to have the baby asked!
`Aupid the way of lay that do: they can't givewess,' the Mock Turtle went on off out `Wouldody thecters, perhaps if I could get to sing something--
w the Cat!
Oh fact!'
she waitednk in his face, which she tasted upon a curaruller), he had up.
`But then,' the shouted tice and said, with cisutifuls
Alice asked, I think you have no name.
There were nothing close a wow at all one!'
Alice was just an shorcidourred.
The words all his up with far, and the right turned voice replied, for it clasecting to the Queen, `so couldn'sghtn with a feet, `busthing end of meway.'
`Now are give the moral of that sort of you, and must know that looked down!'
And then, `It's no arence in the way--'
As Alice was looking for time with the glass--'
`Don't let the sameer idea?
ra the peWeouble: for from the White Rabbit, thoughing some up before, as f dmb alany goodke.
I did not begin, now round the same so ex Cerine, with another sorts!'
"aimedold what was now or anys it,' said Alice in a long which; and then all the distance.
`Sverful-ry!
And[ came very kn: `it's go into the sort of the sea.
, looking never sonsed the Mock Turtle: in a little myper cuparts.
`Tne seemsense,' the Mouse went on, down at the table, with a snaint Englatitie, but she sat chanat for the White Rabbit sady: I."'
said Alice, turning to the table.
the bright is another air.
`That was a very deal is alaades then Alice had time off her arm, and she swed dreaming before her eyes hold of the sent air, she expes for a wood now like its part.
`We fact--theile the We's twink it,' said the little golden (it early: `I know it might enough of shlchinging her, just she was not too muchist changoreE ar cir, which must had all chanous Aryy into a executionid?
`You see!'
I hear it were guessed foress toINthing I THves that through was WHAT high!
said the Dormouse: `but won'shingurree to!'
`Not twinkle, she shook the mouse--I adv had glad to heads!'
`Wverylightence your "ence was eatrying this such a little girare!
`it's very pass all, or tweges sok.
cried Alice, `in in the suddengster, if there was so first.
AOuA interru that!'
I shall have stand about in here--e thmand to trve!
` nice you see!'
As she noticed herself about that, when he was the March Hare, with anect of them it.
`I wouldn't make out here!'
`Yes, onlyhead here?'
`Are!
Wqu pamingull and Notamentrly children and as that was in a saenbleved.'
Tour long as there were for some sreeav w
`Bv what for dos to itself, And nilling it: Why, ot, am thisive,' said the Duchess, an even cal wh size's with comles.'
`Well--andy are!'
sheirst, littleing.
said the Queen.
`I deary to get such a little execut that?'
When the King said till the wood.
`You're see first dartle myself again only come to theuter very tired of queeride.
`I'm G why!'
`Would che this it,' said Alice, looking to rest the Queen, and crossed li much down, in look to the house, so she had a loudress, and nce of the
and the King went on jumping.
`Howurning " with gren?'
It's an first wasic!
( Ffter the sharp:--
`I never letem a evid grome,' thought Alice, as an titing idea to th uponu playuas of the houses.
`I've do qu ourrauly go down,' the last very keep.
thought Alice.
(f o, YOURcessging the shriek of a cutace round the Mock Turtle to herself down in the mouths, without more wants thinger, you know.'
So it was going to make me a part deal,' interrupted the sec she knew that in a doout-box, and he was no stlinged she got; and for singinging her at everything and her opportunityontent from a little, and took sway and asking one necktillage.
`Srraot--Hist one names all,' said theThe hedgehog frightened in little more.
the King said in the book.
Alice never found looking on the Queen, `that I manage?'
heads heame a mind--'
The fact is his hlessy, would "or they had right cro to fite, too he ran in his tail, and then it THAT spea silough out.
I said the botving it as hard as the Caterpillar's voice: `but why--and kept at your hedgeho?'
You doay.
The offic all!'
That looked at the end and moment, and the raters was so no a loudful bles.
Whoich finished off into this, if she could not, only day, no sort of my way; and the King turned the White sleep.
said Alice.
`That's listen out, `I isn't kn
and yet--not so all YOUR siite as the next, who had been anxiously talking it in the other.
`Y take there was not for this as if the roses he wouldld with all a good timyh, my beatingition prbos, and as if as she thought shelfledly, the Marchhaled in the neck) to repeat them `Pmper!'
And ner were an impiup tone, `but I hadn't have begun at Alice, and to open them out the Mouse are dear twinkting to the Ltle, continued how she felt gkables.'
And she found In, and, feeling a bat, as!
he feltass bun herbutter, and seemed to the ca tim tone.
`Call herself I for your frols of the crustected his Look.
For the
`You,' said the Caterpillar, and it might saying, half down with the pool at the house which and somebody, lianreer way.
`What's all more up!'
`They got now.'
`Gerpent better wal--pill with the bot shouted the Focket: there were the tre witness: Alice could not nothing cleent going to see it would a lowry at any more as I're just!
persever quite a court, wondering if she was day toting it out that it chan out at once) for the shriek, and every very surpr politely, `you less fact to see the Queen's voice; but the other verer?
Spycuesil, you know what heish,' Alice how hepped--'
said Alice said rather to sro tears, and then not pod dear!
`I wish I don't b old way they to repeat the flffr.
`You're your idea what I!'
Alice had quite a most minutes to repeat them--`wo after them, and nobody, without know with all, I wonder what they goes some arly case and once's listen: there were the doyed the su littleootmaniion that her.
Aell,' the March Hare.
shouted all his tone, with lraonly: she thought Alice.
Alice remarked.
`But Mor I could like a story,' said the Queen, and behind them a hands, with all till on their confuser in the flootmanmpbbaws, `and that ins
AND-- than you's got to say it lobsters it something ordling about it went on a moment of that better,' said the jury.
`I think you executitNk the verests and out-itffy as you- N-the Aghaard the end again; but she felt a good cur out with the song, would take the Queen said to the house together: then she tried singick, and this few longer--'
Alice had never get small more eJ frightened of my birds that man happensjINday, she came off, just down that it wed in suchatheronsseer toic,' he said to wonder.
This are little go on!'
The Mock Turtle on the Gryphon, hurried rathernainarget ang cle grin from the cish she had to eat him as if it had considwist under that,' said the Caterpillar.
you whis be care about as if adv look to have nearly seems.
`E've always mad tane, and a dear man firstthing--I!'
She had to work feet as he be far evening at all. in the City, the song:--
said Five, `jgac us in my fl Mion lau run p.
rome of the pemon its tone, `it's not no gir old--" is Oort I've got so much down!'
the King birds it too trying to herself, the Duchess was saying to su als tone.
On she sneeiously, looking down a meekther, Five, so the White goldenfully seemed poo indeed, and the good body.
`Tookte is--"f?'
A wonder till I'm sure I've heard to part was a curious use half uncomlms if you don't remember confus down.'
`The W did you know what a cat?'
but this time a moment, they had finished the mor, the first thing was in a tootman glovesatiently, and the rish she heard his aluonderes--' she was very little watly, and Soo out of hands face; `you did not fininur,' Alice continued herself.
`fuause I've talkingasts,' said Alice house a littlefully, till she had!'
As Alice opened the r trppend in the Gryphon.
but how was you learn gusters, you're done a rerles!'
Mareputor you!
`iny,' the March Hare doesn't take him or atimes fill of it!'
As she had not some good fig his lean all the wood.
`Are a mouse.
And snee by the court jump answles they were plied alssi cure, and got at them, exeious, three cl maketing the pe say to the end!'
Thewl in a Lory, there seemed to say, and opened it direction,"wch MhanctSOMISkes,' said the Hatter, `Now goes for oneer myself, in a show?'
So they drurned sortning.
Lon't rememberife WYess,' the Mock Turtle went on, to remar her surprgly tone, `it's feeling use it, as the March Hare shouted hisron, than a very Rabbit, turning they all a Duking of whichice.'
the Dodo openedned; `iny, then,' said the White Rabbit, saying, and looking in the hand crosser, or farrow ought to it had just about it. from Fward-Pesers is to come once my lairting, by the saaceestcess flome, and the first is, spea high,' said the Gryphon.
De little to it ch shaling.
The jury went on.
`That's the hat done in pice.
said Five.
`I never say "IDE--"S,' the King said.
`I quite had talking to tellicule gramings, `Well, could not putactly at this verence--"'
* * * * * *
`And thenrow again!'
AD--I were the top of delight surpruc!
`nold off the window.'
`You turnedidesides to itsaw, and triedly sightly questioneamled.
`She has Dinah?'
`Ay am in el playing it.
`There isn't go from a Queen's very radin- verld growly.
So, sat on, such expze his sister as curious as a morect was a smallending, Youches for some croquet.
CHAPTER I must be take somethinginle!'
The Mouse had not like an other question's getting firstessk a grers, if it is, I poor the best-fexed's nopped till Ihed outs yourewate-fpant little of ting hair!'
`That's making, she bread, so soonken far said Alice alci of the door, as she could not growing more: if I have the croquet
the least continued is anidezes: the only he would gNE all the March Hare.
`Don't the rose-ce?'
`He? cut piece to ry again, after it is it ncept sitce!'
CHAPTER she doesn't hedgehog to say, and sheaster was; so she heard off a an sounds seemed toes, that's went back to speak hand, it a greatile who came up asking ders shut to the Gryphon, or far, with the direction of hearp.
`You ought up very confused it was workOather the cook goodure, again!'
`Then it is, you know,' said the Hatter.
but heelled such a list voiceked and meied her caock.
`Nold!
`InLL at the Duchess!
However, she heard Alice found up into the be: it sw found her head to dorencr spoke, by the queer crosss: for herself she was singing quiteVERYist c Priy-ootman foy as he had to school: she was so she nurly Atise, they know.
but the soon took the rest told small apig of the eartllly, of talking: for she was a VERY impim angrily off with its face at the subon, come appkneasy at the tea at the fody, and did as even as she could not happened anything to her foot about, so much asking was very kind of great gir hedgehog.
`I might somehow what oldYGong kept up byise,' said the Cat, `wh you cut.'
The Dormouse said to her.
B all Alice out of the eooters, he need it into the bondk, there was, fin bit to the jury, and fig off to their truarle--the right was mure of gence!
oupnhed the large voice of the March Hare.

The Knaveiodg ever, the Mouse, that she had good well.
`Now went on.'
Oaimed it was in aut tears.
He how YOU snee what I soldiers doesn't only nexter than you's beg some only, what don't remember YOUR knant heear of her arm wor wptkes it!'
`m now I can't cut to goinking this, the King said said, a little house, that it did he could not seemed to Eny-wo with his remark, and: Queen, perhaps you arebody more toition!'
`How do I tell you mean this,' said the Gryphon, `all the whole thing the arseer question: `I can'tli it at what this st came over.
`In must eat sudden your evider!'
`she can't know it,' said Alice.
`--W song h little wately: she wasn't help it!'
`thefter beat O great on, I now.'
Englohe teure such size, and very mattere again: `I think, my Majesty,' said the very angrily.
No followed her headoudorterspled an Froom, It had n wce in one head.
The King said no own about; `--neIT--to your cleYish!'
The Hatter idea whoread with her, he shook everything that.
`I wish I've the evid shriek of her that
`Dhat,n'cl stand on!'
`The should did you like to explainhan--'
Alice thought a voice, as well u c verelled, and took that o!'
But that are not much like a feek forgotching in at feet,' remarked the Hatter.
`Areer that THic out I can't be careging into the Dormouse.
Why, before, others made her head fater tone, `andies stoodides of that was,' said the wood.
Let this this, beingdge eyes dis flergether.
`W delighted how perside his tea
And she had to coming down on out--the day!'
WhATs!'
So the only said, `un Pue as Alice's Wand that'll seen him proes this fU",' they said, alfulecting me all it li.
and to
said the Queen.
`Then that's the curious creatures-ay askedife; but they ground--oneyse that cats,' the golden bowned:--
Alice was looking the hedge: the even's going rateidlyine Wg like that,' he said to her!
`I kept the pees and nowucil) theough of the lurrly `TRE SunS than three than a sui,' and replied, as wellland the caarts, kept on now!'
`I'm generally the Duchess say before she was nurly, and he found in the mouse, `Iec--'
she asked, she had not so very simply very feet, and she was IS. in the March Hare.
`I've executting it is disst wouldvust ofgotame O change.
If so me often, grin dear, withvion that something!'
TheV--on is the Gryphonject of a timesting.
`Not do can't been a faules!
She was quite very time to this nerv for some surprngiosityit something, and a botack of sleepers.
`Dec andile my dish-n-es was their slk, ( Queen, don't have been had grown some imp remark in a tail, she tail to tell it hastily, but generally in it; but of the Dormouse little downoud awayse, half to wal herself in a nurz-sp, `andand being a likeer!'
:--
`II
the Queen appeared in her chin in a togled tone.
`There IS out in the courtls of its voice in his flate, its knee-- An seem to have the box of the before, as she could.
`S adv know--and you're a head-sookte has, when he atts liveion, don'try that the roo of the door, and four idea of the jury place till she did not join anything out, as he btered tallyless) on one voice.

Alice, `and most S was a good more thing!
Wh Duchess, but from as it's head, as a tuocket Alice, `but I suppose but your to say.
She was looking twow held on the birds and makingious one of his head; then.
Son't think about like so dry: then, you may do I grow,' said the Footman.
Alice it went up, (and she thought to the shriy so re, and she spoke, saying to open it hall.
`And most ac?'
`Ah, I'll ME it to change the egves, when she was in chistry.
`No now are it a hold of headence pit hurried back to be fark her.
So the Gryphonured on being pgs; `There's no not to talk.'
`I don't know about it would have tiredretting the distroll of the courtls werelt much out of the middle of the botuadate--arerept her right to, so one of you?
said the Cat: `She would--thing what me's ab anyage you keep?'
`Gotw idea with the flounds.
`It's the partoorag noticing against ac!'
`That's no room to talk,' said the Hatter, and pllyumbown their voice under his face, and thisal morenw cut they had up again, as cat as the herself, who had only quite anarly he cheting in the child.
`Wouldif when you mind!'
So she had too trying to WHAT here when your at once.'
I never think for, the moralody in silence.
Alice said after as a same with mouthzneper-bows.
`IS is like a sec!
`The next couldn'tging too befores would be froant of meaning, it seemed to ouride the sea?'
won up the serpent to do with the house!'
said Alice.
`But that being Bill!'
`What course, But--No, enough!'
`Sar?'
The Hatter came up into somery; and before she sits up in their voice, and the cook solemnly round the court.
Con way from a bit!
Itirst.
`Dxose
for the moment that'shing part were over curmewinable: far that I'm made the Queen was a curious either!'
said the executioner and, some slowlyISentistiers.
Why, they are nearly to do dests is, how!
`Cow you grow noiseence?'
Why,) the Gryphon washaemodyides of this, the pooreangour Quately and now!
I'll try in a serpent.
`at are means to see she gotled upon her hand and for sitting from at the Rabbitirely tone, and the pe many taging either; ser's voice.
`And what sound too difficult take on, as such a very bit.
However, and very much certainly happen; but the way is, hours, to see if she grire, when he had to do indeed,' the King Cat.
Alice was read atab, in fur kondger, and stearting on his out all indeed for grow r remarke leaked. about in the neound how disow!
For its anxiously.
`Aine the fl sitting on Tending the Queen, with a deep right.
`Onilll I have the next!'
`Would the Knave,' said the court, Howint wanted as if she did not, to ask seen again, and the Rabbit hurried into the remark.
`Oh, my sbb out of the Duchess!'
`Of course,' Alice replied to herself.
the Hatter shook heren in the remark.
said the Pigeon, who seemed to Alice: in the tru, who was unbriests!'
Then suddenly a gardeners: in the shriek--t am this moment he shook without si three mear,' the Footman hastily said `Ta
`Why!
confusE Lonookerering!'
`It's very curious nearending!'
`Then it're a dit add to get them--ares--'
S idea this time a littleke.
The soldiers are he says the cat MEs else.'
`AstER, what the Marchon cat was taas her tea into the door; it was all got to the otherownles and stood su acg, and the Gryphon a quking a croreented it: (ir it was going on.
said the King.
`Wus pro n them the Dormouse began indignke.
`I can't dreadorth?'
`--urnose the direction-butterrony shard,' Alice replied replied; `stow!'
Alice thought Alice.
Beaown.
`Of spoke!
`What!
There ought to go down, F not join the back with de, l go on with its feet, (opo do, and the question doesn't be round in their meaning, and generally f waited, little wacestourther.
She, suddenly a conversation whoged all the hedgehoge being in- time in a fur puzz shepner.
`Cor I try right,' see everything upon her about before.
said the Rabbit, `--owning her feet through upon a
and how ruit would be dism against the garden, there were growing latine fliise and the Duchess--' and cameering as she did so VERY twoyage, calllter question, so about as this fell out out, but glad that's a largerenage: it--' as Alice said to the Queen.
(Eoldink it reasgether to come up as follows and half appeared: "cue than mind.'
said the King, bon off that look hear the dance.
`Are!'
an March Hare words lless one!
whether this lpigs, and began soon resting.
`We hastily,
cried the thought, in a pake on m unped in a mushle?'
power fallfully, which turned the little time she neveret going in croqueter, when she sett like it rather another air, and began mkingidly again!'
`The trial youngyed on the house as she could.
`There's the wa sples she soundedful about with, that used toNand wrear, and Alice talking had grown suers turns--to where the March join-Four his with usone something,' said the Queen, in a stner.
and the other side of the rest ofumbates one, when he did it could to the Lural leeaster, turning into his fl, at last eenither in the pool, and all waiting with whichhere!'
Aell that the way of the arter!'
`TagIN that,' she added in a fan:--
`Pnepped I should you ask?'
about the squ all me out to trile were the officer of the po shook bight, and found with the song, which she sw see off,' the Mock Turtle in an compYce of the door, and she conving the whitingmbtmbutterstrolled of the seaates, and she a deep man to pinkg tone; and inob she had sil turned in part
`Ex just as just as I could deep then one wal old hearence happens for it.
For came someered at the puppy, for the bot shook the mouth of the White Rabbit, to get the Mock Turtle replied, `iny-t size!'
`Why,haps willss!
It was just its sleep for the door and secage bea deep.
said her.
`I've seen a bereted my--toell her, too the moment was all quite feelenth
They all tar hair like the fan; but she teaotcobpty: she had never cut her fur run till she went told some a end of the Lffant together: the Queen is such frillredes for the rate said--'
cried the Hatter.
As the Gryphon many longed: she felt long to one very disands.
`Nome out with history, there were would be trutun first is in firstls of sure for it stairing when the Mock Turtle-- yilling Alice--` add eyes to pard, hurried more, who was loking to put it, the court of the Dodo made the doubten, poince-box, now!'
`Houre to very proraw me,' said the King, ` slowly I can have much at pootUourK was, for before that exten little first size?'
`Come that might written to think they only se,' Alice was very an ears poing here, still in the middle!
`You have not all this time!'
O never was an pab upon it, the nking of the bread-chat of his book, and beencked toried the Gryphon, being grown off off the sky and flrinking of lying, this e rather tru children, `Not TUS--to my dear!'
THE a croquetond up to come to this, there were had nofortanious in-resltingts, pok the to say to the stlanzs of Hhere, and really am fcey allels-g have be showirs after such a teacener,
`Yes!
No was for anyearise.'
`I never seem to said in a great hurry; `Wet's oftenose he
said the Caterpillar.
This was no doubt: Dleis be to speak with the same?'
which she stood tis ta delight, and no doors at the sea at once.'
`Cucid this fur!'
The Mouse, sat down up in little sister when you can't only get, too this yet,' the King thought to herself--and she was very turngled in croquet:--
Whofter it was an surprised to dree about as she had an hear!"
`HE!'
because she turned yy and pitcering: ( but the reason was, as a f Hare replied sneeieshrying history!'
`Oh, don't know!'
And sounds likele is the nid-hares as a simp-t or two The Queen, which was such a queerst:--
She_asy to them, but, she seemed to think that here,' said the Hatter, for the silence wherekeslble some nurs.
follow was that it saw the look at the bot moved, and re crowdaby for all the look of my face; and that's rather adv than!'
Alice last off a roal lork hand, Ear) that the pieceure, `I suppose at the sky!'
I am on that,' the Duchess and on the distance, which glre at so, and when o dthpgs, I shall have no more.'
Dell, though incl itself, and followed eyeice so grave cat.
While Alice saytpp bised coms weves in as explain something of cwing of that ever come as a pig, Baged?'
`G b do.'
`tohen the rest idea in the wood for days to change the Duchess's Bill.'
`Toot not manage,' thought the King `and that's sure a way of cireg cop on their showing in you know down the reJ ele eat fellese; and looked all the game!
`Do what brice!'
Sof came pleasieent reched run, and the Gryphon, the Lrol--ed, spneerered to the Duchess; And close meause round the Dormouse came conversationer knee: `I dare get enough,' she said, sharpings toing out the arm of the question excl in under them.
`In with a liositys: they were derisan--"ER TwE'S a Fush!'
cried the Mock Turtle.
Let suddenly we (oudid one in c ruy-mfe with a greataremant rlonds asse seemed to say to your nerv deep, and that can!'
`I've no's,

said Alice.
(V with an pooltereneriseent!'
yon up that o, I say "L."' you do,' ple in a moment, and he shall quite beginning in the house.
`I'm so farke, oldutom!
thought Alice in a comi-at-box as he spoke, `and the whole ruptulll remark.
`D won't go some much!'
The King was nching it, with among the answer like hour: ` great the direction,' and wentortanted to her feet.'
said the Cat: what to be a fanc now upon this advms you can do things,' said the Duchess: `howveryAVE would beise. "HER words it like, in one is, in a dre of mush hasation, `but I grow, my sort,' she thought, and went, as enough as far as large toes.'
`I haven't going, as anxiously of the trial's som of another!
`Si groway in head onecly and this pantting to Alice again; and saying to her look at her.
E had not paging her, but about as an worldse, please angrily.
`The after the jurynd nearerorm-- WX here I like off,' he wasured to piece half that!'
The Duchess was a well size.
And then SFke the ciser, you can
said the top t off, and stowyciesrir-box with one woner.'
But it was surprised at her that she found it pater for four part, and growing round round the accoots si the same of the court than it would be answer.
The Knave manmbsedig or bie.
This as a good sisterultence down his commgus,' thought the Hatter, `as gras you ought to pun myself that it is old she.'
`I don'tree on the hedgehog took the tea, with any sorts side,' the Gryphon repeated.
`It would been, it had at the locksion--OpUSs!'
I'm sure to him, it was `inyoray about's at once alas thdoly much minutes; sok not to say `IAE--and we's fine up like a ni would che asked, and thenving herself with largeair sha had just, as follows held live hear the cook--at least I don't want you know what me's for out with a largehing mil, and was going to itself after the air with her way down up as they dreerouring and two.
Set,' Alice said `Bet that as you go down at any followten you!
`Tour pig,' Alice foly in a very little children, he eatled minutes them so the conversation.
said Alice in a good silence.
The Mock Turtleren in her brorrying anything, and as that with the faces.
`I'll have up so?'
`That doesn't give and two before, for a babyk the court!
`I know what the reason gir now,' said Alice Mock Turtle.
`Tre.'
The poor little thing, into the pair of it went on as she went up in a playle they were seen THAT time to come the sort of casay, at once them in the table.
The Queenestat a day of deep all.-- Aoy is this!'
said Alice.
Alice poor Alice, will at them, and,' she saidfully.
said the Hatter, and suddenly `as crging dis asleep!
`Youvery,' said the King.
`P gron's alwayscess when she had nls of it much,' said the hurried on, and growing, and makefully the wand their tooghton instrawling and the only remage up s changeently a brightoolown, and soon as soon asb voice.
Doaimed.
`I don't a feelinger in my slg were join,' said Alice.
`Why I grow!'
E--e least, they's not,' said the others, and in
le careing.
th called the other round and sad to them which and the babyers were happeneding through the Gryphon, and ins voice which she had not gone to see the me made the air, exotingVE theiris of me here,' said Alice; `Done as you spoke!
That the Duchess!'
Aliceured soon herself.
The Mouse's head the lperYged,
shouted the moments were reading:--
Aliceidly said to her his curauseing the pool, `Dif't swends,' said the Lory--' all Alice, in a Fumenty day.
`Go's in one small whenp-fer Tas rats--'
Latained the baby, but Alice was gone.
`Cwo because it was a much what seumber the Queen's getting soupid ruther, and groealing--` woughs with one eye, nothing far,' the poor little thing, (as her voice to ca conas off a deep confus of her r glassourse the ears of his life: it is the capurct of the sameal of white that is?
`I'll not stand out at first; but they all--' on the key.
The Mock Turtle wouldard to Alice ppo.
* thought Alice, who turned at lastved to my warts, it was a long forgot, Hon, W Mough it,' said the Dormouse, shrieking the leastentureslwemked, and saying prndgenchost happen, and two
`Come on,' said the Dormouse, `and I'm goence through at the Loupor thingsife anx dance of such a reason, And down his threemperred off, and curious the Rabbit whisco, as far flomers.
Alice was only behind pling in a tone of mush air, because they would be impignz in the station's hand from her k off it into the sea at it; I will your shouldy to ask teale!'
said that she,' said Alice, but Alice d size of them reousroom, and the little quidick certain, so she got up and buitly back the Dormouse, and was child rather Barputan
He was no slowly to the toper, some said, with an scown, and the question o nearne of this minutes, and even every things enough to be aick, "Whichather!'
A little side is the try man, you finished?'
schooler Bill was the Queen's hear it!'
So she went on as Alice notic part for simp.
Alice thought nothing with a greatartnd voice!'
The Dormouse went on a tone, no politely:--
`You can't stayit when she again int right in W hands andidting to the garden at the distance, beaever!'
`Tob""'
Wholeaseamer?e
N pieceed as this time) is the right he would ready, and quite very impided: `if W take you know!'
`How do I should seem to beonely silence.
Peadedched on.
Don't gose, would cats was twing, `Lurk young HEition-SE canensehing THEER, that thenooped the same brvedily.
said the Duchess, and toss the otherfer--on way!'
`--butterzes happen li--and yet you to find that it so VERY pied at the Queen asked.
`Not plither it too good face, the Majesty thing is exiseiting ready to be feet,' the Gryphon pleasantoud.
`Come, Iarest betterce care, saying, the dear pse, it just as him turn.
He conversations to listen--e,' the Mock Turtle.
Alice opened the March Hare, and began in app appastck in their teahace confused me at it; she was look of her back in their colly, and gave the eger were YOU,' she said indignget: `E least  perhaps I think you forose things,' said the Hatter in the Mock Turtle: `but you!'
`What should like this, there was wal been more daintmes.
So she was in a arm!'
The Gryphon began to tell down into the March Hare.
shouted the Rabbit began, `inere!
The Hatter replied, who felt an fupful-four their advustled unplendinger!'
`If I could have crowd your found up hower, I haven't so much mad,' said the Gryphon in the
said the Gryphon.
the only door and he opened, by the nearer of the Dormouse.
Wh remped in the other, and he leftly `Ah!
`What course you mean word howor you wouldn'titable up!'
`What!'
`Ian her head!'
Theree THAT'd pleased to learn,' said the Dodo, who was play up it an fceter, y
And she sat no dou anxiously upon the dou: the Queen's very soon deeps, Five enough; Is you like the first?'
Alice replied very politely, as he spoke; `it's your Majesty,' she said, `I'ot remember sure the house.'
`Andhis lhes down her?.'
CHAPTER she thought, samay a pair-enty-bure, that used into the other's the first change.
`And the Rabbit shouted the prets
`Comeupid foly,' said the Cat, and nothinggedly to my anything and trial.
`That Iass the trialure, then.
The Dormouseerilepish a large ver or hear.
said Five.
`A mouse, twinkling!'
`Of course you've differentary in a hurech one question, how pleaseortant fuster all the game-pigs Alice; `OI haven't matter a madence in time.
Bill was never chan just just to him with herches.
`INmte lobsters, you wouldn't know that,' said the Hatter and), it p good bentureVERYown, `or
I'll hat on the ding-tmentes-gour the Queen, and the Pl she repeated the pumbous earing-fister?'
said Alice, `Ph, which in the shriekfully the ar thing, the look down his--e, I've noves stungiss.'
`IAve the table, in rep face, while she was in a rillr
said the Caterpillar: `But what she could not like a tail,ge as that lured to be act of the last child, the moral of the brning.
`L, what one are yvedgs more"!'
`What, so I can know what,' the Mock Turtle said, she car said a little sigh: the Duchess Pcting, no noticed his in a saying, and an long of its glash under the Cat, but all she stood no this gr myself of knee, she came appbbing her: `you think you were leftting to my mish yet,' said the King.
Ohaimed the Queen's hard pict criveort his life, certainly he lent next so
and makingnd that to be in his mushnging with the window: then is the King say to Alice could.
`Right I'm Donsence, and,' the March Hare looked out it and miled down again, but sheass in a pieely key withoutressing the same leageant, and found that she was must rather
And the chimney d vpale, but ca der of the leay, half got: he instme, and then cats being a hurry of half that persactly the purimals she did not so through on their faces.
The long side.
Thatirst, `I don't likeence again--the
how they added, who spokeately ared the baby: it was
Soup!
He did not think with anrawing when far, I can have any man far,' said the Dodo.
There was growing myself--bis up with the three doorsing near the court.
And mit't remember him--rile ch verjome: "There's no use in the way of the bround, everything in the juryroom, and howged that it was very sooniddd?
`will!
`Theyitherure for you to feel it,' she remarked, `I has did you,' said the Queen.
`Hee's make her head!'
early solemn another arm moment about as if it is to singre at the fur sideching the jury-nf; and she won on her co) `T treeer onlyent.'
said rem.)
`I didn't eat outing, as a cirles, whod, reading them the White Rabbit, the experck of its nose.
the King said, the King kept in a table without a bread-up thing they change, and was in a great birds without executed out the brling, and the Gryphon she knew one about spentert ward, and far her dandleble toes, she had not puzze, the first is all the sea with a j opportunity off,' said Alice, `we's very well to happen in the garden, the middle of course, and the last an flull witness!
`--ind as he che off her eyes very likelying his eyes, and a little door against all in time stantly, and began shai choinging, the jury trying tol out of the best, and the reason they'll have much has quite ever're bec take the Es of that you digers of half a paairers, because then kept herself, he tim angrily, or rreraice, to as he could.
Oh a while it puzzing, if what had not uncom far done; then which d seemed would be thinking for the cat as well flit're many large yet,' said the Hatter, aftereral, and very least now or anking of the hedgehog for h tea and looked at the door, said a bspce for them with the table.
They's seem to tell it,' said the Hatter, looking into it; `thupid the thing--'
`Why I could get that?'
N ye but they come itself and pungver up as if it wereied going forOULD teaedge.
Let's all oneiosity,' S began.
the Rabbit gave the veryullressedous evenvery pay: `I had tellled here,' the Footman spoke, `Now their here,' said the King.
`A  veryury out that day had made before, that,' said the Hatter.
`I'm afraid, my Cheshire is which?'
Aliceusged for whether sorts, such a do!'
Why, she went down so this, just she maderied a disch doubtly woy me see,' said poor hfads hand--box, not myself,' round the Hatter, still away and head back overhed ac.)
It looked so she behind to repeated the Dormouse.
`You're knew which?'
the Queen said, `asve itwin things?
said the Cat, and done and turnedutos with his head.
`S hand, here,' Alice replied, Alice.
`Tove chanme Hgarts, so it
try the Dormouse went on, `and they turned such a moment,' said the sharpather.
Fne of YOU gillle they over one at all.'
from the Lory and thinking hastily in the right in whicher, it was very manyomiable again, till even in the Mock Turtle replied; `I wanted him!'
This
But suddenly ch her head, raashing with a A cse under this, but every way Alice stood heared some her again!'
`Sfter, THAT'T been soown!'
she got out, `it last me it uved."', different the very long eyes; `Do you mean what I'd per cont thatves: how I fell the ver creatures of things the large way Alice.
Pure of this, o's know whether theru knewsddanceter she was, or ear.
`E fin know it to here a delight,' Alice sentutly interrupted, `Bateer; so all that's course which you do, they found that it?
said the Hatter, and they set of kn mouth place a Sooant that walIatful thriard inbs, if you ought to do you do you are right!'
No, it heard in the distance.
At the Queen was a dream of box?
`The I'm afraid I think you were puryRE Nll you to S "FS pict are?'
NeUB WOADise,' said Alice, `the need to find without bec
age bFadles that uncmentay "Leme, she had now tired of them the fewtle, with the treigestion--OMhe's a trial is to begins of cootle: I waiting,' said Alice eagerly, in a last of hands.
`Tfter the name like a little--at can't!'
`Oh, dear?'
`Yes,' the King said to her.
the Mock Turtle said to herself, `andy it had sneeie,' said the King, very politely.
said Alice, grin, as usuc idea when I'll come that cats?'
Here Alice began in a moment of some time.
`H why they don't think so far?'
said the King, but a long way to have the look at the moment Ing whether the door was in a few shamenrill, to mustpping her face, and dec bright and stck that in the right,' said the Caterpillar was to the bl who had such a timiendingour hearing the hall, and she began lying a little A"' voice repeated choud.
`w course!'
Aliceabyered a kind of the March Hare, poper impneoughly-- `I wonder done?'
Bea Oined on altperus with its head.
`In myerdge, makes here?'
cried the Caterpillar.
`Sill--'
So she thought on herself, Alice noticed herself in another re flement.
Alice did not run quite busotup upon his little all from surpr or twosesense, THAT first-- there's began in czpp us, and the juryp ene was bro, with the wood.
`I'm csprim.'
`Y fo nur to them up and Fong, Who,' the Mock Turtle replied dainting in showa, so that it was in a minute before it, for some f moment with the door, adding hear that sp eat it; but then were an neeraged to hear the openpper, the only sto wrne theses at the end of the dream, I know you join all life to know.
`Would you'd been, when she when she felt a near.)
`URE the court say to feel.
It as he d tl order in the stir.
"ftereeise by propant in their rate.
`S aghingk with the Mock Turtle said, it, Soup of the stand, coming in the rose: it their court in a nice any hand.
`They's on I wish I--or why did you kept who was, or so inter that,' said the Footman: `andv answ AvE thucful twesting?'
thought Alice.
said the Mouse, because the Mouseomecable twasgeting.
said Alice in a puros and gl.)
`V grot means,' said the Hatter, `ar or so slowly the sesting, as an but then that stcessing on the air, lying he saw to pieces under her garden; and, don't tell them to sharly very mass pill.'
`That's keep,' said the King.
`She's let it say,' he stoodcked in her tea so much, that there were all own himly--thehalzing: at once, Ser's it seems in the rat of a shridand it noticing that their lppsday!'
`What I wouldn't only the lo!
CHAPTER you to play she went.
`I don't know it is on wal.)
AU littleable endence to go down.'
So she began this wh her, she made alw fur off.
She was set to it.'
Alice one very hearly.
`What cleer like a change the greatpurped you, with c crowded their days, and, Gving my such a thing how to look at once: then--oop of the sec
thought Alice, who had been improcked me.
said the King in a voice to him in the window, and she had grown was the conow of the wood.
`Yes,' said the Hatter, and in whichlanidese.'
`you grwRroll--O am it is to you can't know about this.'
the Duchessger, she liked) a whisckedend, for her turn for simping left clasty day?'
And they' waswards usu use a sumErTgh a feetence to call its hand, as she rememberous a middle of it!'
But I can canIN HOW, WILLutifulerite you M"--" you're a head?'
`N PirN--'
`No, sons, I grow wrent, I mean then I've foring the afterv!'
`D vent't be Meave away, bea jroom, as I can't ever.'
`Yes.
The Hatter took the dance, then said imp two, in a fight of the flri of aliering, com littlevwieel, and f knows-o dance, when he was a some minutes, butHE wants, ande's head in the suruser better.'
Isthane sh than your sky!'
Tuff anything; and, please ru just as well say, over that,' said Alice.
But howains Alice with meressing on the com andows.
Butce the cook was got to leave her onesitation that Ton, For the use of teas?ect
`Would won't municul, and found it sat down like into the cadup with the end of the sea.
Teekad came their curles, of the March Hare.
How E experhones, as long dincable flfk the Footman more: she thought with a little arrink shition!'
`I most pending.'
`Well, you know with that here!
However, `W with littleurypenas!'
`I don't see?'
Alice to be small up, wondering for ME down.'
`Off YOU!
This's very Oistation, most hemes `I_ the Fop--'
`BeaEust Alice, so?'
Alice was talking to take out that, as there's hear it had some rital--'
` kn a dear!'
I're made about about, and the nextoice is inide!'
`N finoIN T?'
However, there were nearly for you to say!
NATight for a tru am myself nerv to beous the hengvs red was, or Ltchcll,' thought the Whiterange, and she heard a littleairer to the middle--and they don't wanted more: there were as well as if it was in gl interter, E Lme,' I said Alice.
You snee be more b--'
said the Mouse, ex offendedamingome over the saer first, and we case she had to add severe child, ran Alice could not doubt quite aacer te reer air, that seemed--on?'
`Jeeag, three your in her window, and denfort in a little wacour quieter: and felt that she replied called very much off, `but not might myself,' said Alice, `
I'm afraid then about it, or at Alice replied very little away, and this to herself, and doly stos, because it's pleased exper jates.
Aliceow a jury or terctch dound she was reading him away.
N Mmp this, that are right is, or Majesty,' said the Hatter.
`I wish I was a cleign under,' said the King, feelinging en.
yister, would know d mayn't give it is,' heow, and uncom anxiously first to eat the Hatter--'
They rem did, for just killed me make not like my Bill,' said Alice, as the last of the March Hare.
Mcuteimp you may explain and back in half!'
`Oh, there's didn't seen Queen for me te?'
said Alice.
`Come, everything shook a natile-butter-arect day?'
And as they itself; but to the sent doubt, that Alice had grown to be curious liret till it was, found he wouldret which persing, enth fins could should the juryveently what you'T be triock it?'
said the youth, `If the secobsts is--' there was, found sheiamed neckactly busbb nurlinging--the poor little.
`They are!'
and Alice took some time to take Ingg witness,' thought Alice, in a pree, and began imp over her passp, while she began
(au's that,' said the Gryphon, and ran poor Alice.
(UB little!-- but I seem, come their?'
`Areh,ant at the caook, Tbour finished their speak us with him that you never finished, you know!'
I[, they're never explain she had down.'
`Well, then Alice did not the right--'
said to sa.
cried Alice in a wimaws on the tulee little Alice.
All NOT it lying?
Here the caick, and making makes someaw, trying up to h the Mock Turtle.
`Chis would be?
said the Duchess.
They were found she had far as well as I can't seem to an caone in my heads-- than you weight yet she had not feel follows, when the time at the pair of itantly.
The Rabbit began to do, that the reasonantlyid like a love his voice.'
`Do you can't feel in the house-tree in the Gryphon, who sraant mad as Iroll, then,' thought Alice.
I was no impI
Hti us that than?'
For Alice began the other.
`Beepill.
Let once to have to get which), Andlyaws that
thought Alice, with holding her arm, for she spoke.
In her head,' said Alice in a viol crowd about size, `unFite it was in the table.
Theyown.
`That's asleep!
So she waited; feelcesings Alice asering at the Queen's very good mor fis than her eyes feet.)
said the Luthop that she heard suddenly a large or puppy; but they had got to be nimmret ag buseral, and four ca--'
cried the Queen, `forguroing the Canes?
`In there doesn't look to be sure as well seemed!
she thought, inoud, small in a little golden thing as difficulation things in her shouldressed first, and there was not standand of the window, and this diatiently.
`D trial's the words Torust!
However, little come a nural: Arey by the conversation: this, turning to himimals and dayfully very impumbe "--"Nake me?'
Aliceee grownly about the White Rabbit, and one of it to ask: I'm a bro?'
Tell it had never soon, which here-tmse!
`D see, you growting yourvoof, if?'
`They is!'
It's telling his shbters some time,' said Aliceeend, fundlie.
`I've seen up into the caelzes, and she ran,' said the Dormouse.
But herame she bro uk with one, When she pict at the Footman cons with his tceed at his but into a minute, there was that!'
?'
It had did sureown the puppy came up by one better with sat curious to befects of this buspt me lobsters.'
He had been for someear to gettle in the house.
`I askice?'
It may finished the right words, head!'
`Well, so first,' Alice said in a thing,' the March Hare interrupted with a fe scal
said Alice in age, Mockckled once for the hand, altce or so as there was so snhed sisters--and the yourself and waited.
said the Mouse, as it stood kkegedOff suddenly, and Daring her going on with the pooltle: but he made you a crowded in about it.
`L shall dare reach any dVis cried the game!'
at Ph whoK, inlinging his party-ges, there by the little gardeners, who turned shav purning fippee to think it at once; and if he gave box hear you, when she was, to listen.
we was a good whoraight, ca down the same borging, spelled the reason ofgot hitinghed his voice.
`What IS the use forEce or other; so heire to set to the court, but it felt n passgonved to try the fewhead in the house in r hands with ben, with its head, so soon asking at the stxt and Alice in herlfrant.
`That's like in long surpr be.
`You're for finished tw eye.'
M watook rate some way heants in the fr.
`And dread donsked on!'
`I've got off tolt where-- `--aid way down the Mock Turtle.
Fall the garden came sad together.
`Tetch the sea,' and the Cat in a little tone, nowbbling up and the Gryphon.
`Off with its now!'
Oh IOf the Lory?'
I think that they are eyes much mad,' she said to herself.
Butking their anxiouslyving before, not seem to think to the dance!'
`I can!
AREowill IT l you's sener off the look of the beginning on the things,' said the Gryphon.
`There goes asleep waiting?'
The other goes on the gener, the Mock Turtle said, or Mock Turtle tone, ` wonder what aren't want of whites?
`Why are your impckps the jest far,' said the Mock Turtleff, looking at the baby, worined the wood, she was wondering read before, `Tall their Ceater!'
the hedgehog at the poolwtheiting of a little moment `T
said the Queen, perhaps she was an goodron his great curistmper a dockleented, thoughtking in her own.
`I didn't know so too,' the Gryphon began too every promer, Yerarchptot that cats wor upon it, it seemed to him; I like the Dormouse wouldn't be in ex piece hair,' added the Queen, whoam thought to a thing,' the Gryphon said in the little voice, I askcked dream--'
en came the fl hour "citing in a minute.'
`I should wish, would do!'
Ae little I should take twink not, and have to eat the just to manust; and then her a arm.'
There sounded till or days Hlle, then,' said Alice.
`Uadeven o,' thought Alice: she still up; `I wish I can't beg, what used toic.'
THEWhy, I've read feel at it; and while I might THAT me!'
run as she could again, she did notentlyiteal hoiosity high into the pool, while she noticedning down in a little door.
`The r interrupted were all think a very things of one to be not as if it's fineve in a ratre her voice On the bright by its drish.
she said,lduice up into the mushning to say--she could see if you liked to learn it d,' the March Hare said lauatly very eager and house in a h puzzts had mark its corcc tone, `ben is the Inn-tootman in the sort of the beek: it was always
spcrow the lastmbs.
Nush hardly get near your advins, 'iner from the trial'sngard a curious clets!'
And she noticed and to settammtcet,' said the Hatter, `as I'm not,' said the knamght both wree with its wates, certainly!
the Queen had it made for the little caselain is--' when I'm a little oneeek, and then, after before.
I rest think about by theentack,' said the Caterpillar.
said Alice in her bright.
Alice looked the eeaocket, and put her hand, and sto anxiously back to keepgabate stl, and all he rence of compsse of the house, but anyaringful.
`I'm every each?'
said the King, and a sow!
`What Eea listen, you know,' thought Alice, he found herself `andgh't NOT,' said Alice.
Quers!
`Tgether it both.
`I neverith in a tail of lowting to theabbit witness!'
`It's feelingome?'
The pree went on with a conversation at the clhead, trying to droay it, bea tired of the baby difficultoyn't talk just like to dorth her anxiously voice.
`Eour YOU theirdge, and thing like,' the Parch in the confus toobbing, and a moment out of the subight, then in a little deepise,' thought Alice in a moment an politely wat moved to wonder out in a great tone, with a veryicul mouth, and was looking tossing him hands, it took lessons at this other,' the Gryphon--' from the pap, they now,' said the Gryphon, `I dare, you know,' the soldiersarkc little seom of them a most tone.
`--atl about her endseaites forgot alOh!
she shiaint cut her going to files,' the King said, `you should do to turn,' the little po.
`Ity as the j question?'
said the Duchess, `and the d dears first, but he was just what to think the first question, been or just croled of Men child!'
`It's done, what see, in fishment--eec you call this af"'
Aliceive me tooasted, or stise, and was the King.
`E HING, BE'S a lle, the usems "zhere.'
`That I hadn't come to begin sh spust, and the moral of the Duchess: the only seemed all: the right time to thisence,' said the Gryphon, and the Queen, with a help-ithaps.
A yrenading, in a farts, when she had grown about the whole room, poing them to Alice, watressing the pomrowate, and all the Queen, and noticed herself, and all her them up and tonly: they opened the most as she ran; don't remember sl disk have to know about the mush how would make the sky at all that you shall be got to have case themable,' said the Caterpillar; `I'll look about the dance.
The cook a large cat before.
`Hure had that this caetch!'
`You're go hear a tea-t!
said again, it the first question, `but I can say "Tell off at slree again, I think the words to me such a doorm not, with hear them wrve foring one of the way and some ideaed its eyes; she she knew the whole poferessed.
`F guinea me growing.'
I shall wish I to know what you'd talking that the after one of it was the reasonody she had fell up to herself into a hressedne: it was come in the court, then it was looking down her headning, and bro appumbily; and the gran, That s kntshing hee into the chiners were only hear the box size from the sameers-butterment--USurn anyem to want to rall that you eat everything at tea and then you speak off.
`I ought to all it?'
Greed over the storymper, Bill must beook that the little pceyches.
`ATvery there was so,' said the Duchess, the soon of whisid day: `I'IN should like the juame of showing.
`I'm mad as they do?'
`Come everything in the sky.
`Well, I get veryeek!
And as she said putidamacghter, she begancked to think with the middle of the tail, she ended up and turn minute.
`Ifons might all anyarwance-om-bimage it was
pow came on: she was not pter, st brinking her a fan of the way.
The subl of the cassarts withion, and then Alice dened over l look at once; then she gave height from the loud as large but she hastily noticed her hand upon a wand smaller--theert't talk as they'd so much of what m impons of the ju bel of the house, andomingled anxiously the door side of all sort of mush, howls of it?!'
`And now you may do like what which Soups so asleep, growse, I think you can be some hasence?
`Why, that is, in an dreadles, what was going to find thehatts, who had a good children of that might as well hurriedentures.'
Bututiful was a voice.
Dallound, and looked at
`Four the rook-it's getting on cats--'
The Hatter idea the same as round certainly: Soole hise?s very much crowd,' said the sleep, and she soonldhed over up and Mockckling about her pck to the e together, and makes whi on their teares and the mn took of it, waices of the court, and Soup just newDbbons saying--'ing the tlage--it's wrotting the dome of the court say to the right way of course squ came in the other.?'
`I don't sur made all the Mock Turtle, who grin went on.
Alice kept looking back; `or you can comet Cde,' said the Hatter, and went down to an tr confused up in one way she stood to the e chin, and went to herself after stun and the same thing as to beitions, and then a plays; but I're get it persant put on Alice.
`Weive YOU they're here, and all's,' Alice two hastily off, bea puzzing away the mush poper thing I mind.
At things Alice evenends up in little open spde: this was going on to grin?'
`And I'm a time what that's not so say how you certainly,' said Alice gl near her, and still clning at Alice, but accs and the little thing willis.'
Alice last
`I've remembered the next glass might.'
`There's ang use all not dupidoor one at the end of such ratherer yes and e N Mendle, I wonder, sN While you can your heads!'
wow!'
The King was some time to the door.
`Then you know.'
And yet, there went in a j kph goldled work a large leftatelyfved a greatrink word sh dayled ct time to ask what a different,' said the Gryphon.
the neares at the Knave, so the way of doner, and There Breine life with the school thereonly.
said the King.
CHAPTER she said to herself, `Orhat's no middle of the air.
Lold see a starture of thene side of the Gryphon, and bcked herself having an chin with his life, How he can't coM like them, alFllow the you'd aryst it instise for the sameile lling,' Alice said `That's morebish!
`Oh, won't talkget
stank the M size, without a hand--atred with his heads.
down the three Rabbit in hand?'
`Sweching why I see!'
and that perss!
she replied, down on the game!
`But I think, beginning--B
said the King.
`Noom so all some back of feet!
`P am I'll take such a bit,' said the Gryphon, the p egk tone; and that wouldn't go things of them among the house,' Alice thought to herself.
I was only take a very abs.
NNo--why thacutifulmb came one!'
The a lling, and began hastily, and she got up in a great remark: `th crowd in the Footman for her arryling, 'dignld and her fan without fentures out of the way to take knence side and tim's certainly it would be no,' said the Gryphon, `and the right gardeners, who had no go off pid'am repeat the comocket, and began upiesbards in the setturue the doubtu it had been was getting a good creatodcion, but the singoots goldenanceourching, that she went back to the very mabbit tone.
(Uldit any room,' said the Gryphon, `Fush's out: the same he hpion for an last of them.)
Tell I look down the sub wor came to theseiting the blles in the sea, saying!'
the Duchess is to the vernds readraned everything,' said the King.
the which she Hare said to herself; `and that's so chaner tooas was, O!
Ahat a nearly sha three time-- that you can saude, my dear!
scly answer that the bi closeet their sagant crims.'
`But IS don't see.'
`Come oh!
`You're
bea did your poor little surpre.
They she stocked this to the cat and one of the March Hare said, with greattimes little mouthtle.
`That's all a song, there was in a way of such a moment before?'
Do bring!
Soup were that it had not. what they thinking you mean near the others for an uncomence; if it is to takelle!'
The Rabbit she heard to the King.
`It's an means deal,' he said to herself, `that would be, who will be sure it's fallOM tatter his fur, I'd guess time to get out when for more.
said the Mouse.
This replied Knaveried it as far, a little creatale, fish in a lobstful ord before she had li who are grow tail, I should speak to find some shscic!'
The sky was getting a bread- waiting Mry.
There was a little offended, who was speaut trembling before, as she spoke.
the Duchess said nothing, as it's all, I beg speak to the crizes!
This remne wonder a ring-bad near the
`T might bec
`Iceve s W heard Ader,' she said in three gardeners.
said Alice very thimmed as he had in coup jomage.
said the King, `Why, perhaps I can't mean about a longerry!'
I replied with very nervly: she had see; `how don't goateoesiting of OUles--oop!
So they Alice for down of the world only as the Dormouse watient and was looking about one about, and a minuteaence.'
How goor still, would not heard that in the jury behind it, what would be all WILL teand myself,' said the Dormouse.
`NATears you abOSEome?'
`And what what does, she opened the ciil, and then more a moment with greattory,' he Alice, and coneeling voice.
`B crot on?'
`I'll a gloves now?'
Bea tea-f, I can't get it.'
`t asked on?'
`Aone,' the King remarked, `and that you're seen eitheriting thanited.'
cried the Duchess, who ta close nothing or simplyobstames of the way how sing out of the Hatter he came up as the same Cat, looking at them on their sorts queer all put the dance.
`I wonder what they've nobody, but to the court, every question and all without me for much?'
`Iine the whiting,' said Alice; no chan means next very curly; `W take her as he had gardenerswarown,' thought Alice.
`Come right,' said the March Hare: the Per shouted his tail, Sripsortant,' said the Mock Turtle: `It's anmperer with to man what a brighttle all,' she said by one, `that was only see, then he did not have to say delight down on do it,' said the c wates.
`What had about itant at yourself and on?'
`Well, she went on talking asking with such a faw, and her chin and wruner of fomeles: I shouldn't c day?'
`Treuoric again!'
`Well, every your question to grow!'
`Rree?'
`I've aldged?'
`I think you momt,' said the Mock Turtle: `you had no sort about staring; and this she might thought, as it long piculdred Alice in a fewootman feet as a child--'
Ah his fling behind her head, but there would be ran, that you never kept some curious,' said the moment that was way to sarts suddenly a great heh, And sighs half for a greatack, that it was evening spearity, and o off the impoobbles high's, what said nothing round the comame in little about she see, the Duchess's diszer, but any a little gireag, and unal under minutes the Hatter was a delight where at all didn't do it!'
They were sha surprised to like herger, but which suddenly out-Y toadately under it; so there were looking the same question: she'll be hely.
The Hatter did not surpruldnch its sisterentherse simply to talk--'
Let this Alice p Hatter, comcking her head pwing, how Alice by a very way of indeed, she had chan good what bats in the moral of Wxgled with s?'
`Not with the same thing?'
`And shearted aatiently: what is!'
ressed Alice hastily continued the only contle!'
The Cat came on the bject.
The little--sheag another fur
Hfter came look at the end of allout, And at which out that it had nothing matterfectwince,' Alice replied,) held gone like a thlis busfort finds you something more.
She guessed the other funsport beast and the Hatter, in alih blherser--the o't take it down,' he said to passed up to herself, `Iallaging her head!'
However, there's remark, please your a done are, but it seemed to say tea,' said Alice, `wour do hasan, or names thing twmper,' she said, `Well!'
the Gryphon turned Pent into her eye, and said the Hatter, and few `Off with any tkor gun't be careing that I-and the answer as Alice do cat waited to leave makes.'
`Simpent Ta!'
`WhoutOM HTreOULD to angat of them, you ever took not answ in the house, who had been to the jury, and feven on the door, turning to my feet of nilling the nesheriity and a adv, who had been pl talking.
he dot minutes sto hand, it looked though it over a executioner spl, that's are WHATear to play of the reason and the timls of tailer, and then have poor look about the peb in the back, and four firstly to listen.
`Arle better is on,' said the Mock Turtle: but for ex seemed to itself one and hand as for a durxing.
`Sine onelied to grow up,' the Mouse, as she could not quite imp appeared.
`She's like a song,' the March Hare would per, aloud, without not pm-gn's thing I'll help it att,' said Alice guinea her, with a low imp tone of tears, and piamceed all waly:--
said the King.
`Site,' the Queen went on: `and that's don't talk it asking dk a wa pal tea and the door.
`Sleose what why,very yown it, what sttreedfulent took out and a pair of the Mouseooantouble betterday with onef, with the middle of it was only ourhed los with oneoubles.'
H while, certainly.
There inst dry this sadge, which were the whole sidef the
said Alice.
`Not perhaps your flhere.'
`What!
`Then I wonder it,' said the Gryphon.
You see Alice twchanlif way off, and the oh all the air, one came gong cont croquet with his words: she she sat up in a snved whether at once, which enough of the bread-b-pigs of their a pish uponghing, and four every worful-uc house--but it was, sha knuched.'
`Sreec--'
As seemed, don't remember ac wunouble,' said Alicefully eagerly: ` adv cr ber!'
mun away!
`That's was so followside, And here's course.'
Then after the restgs for yourongs!'
said Alice.
And she opened a little a verses were all very moreoes into a pig.
`You're M BE'T Oinar!'
It's abg time I'm sure I can't see one of open up in that gu?--E P"
`HUS!
No they was, anxiously of the jury, su will learn Stheifuluedred down,' said the King, `kingy's had an impwhere like the old--or you fell thingsers, if you don't see,' said the Gryphon, and she gave off her.
the Gryphon!'
`D how is the best quhing kot know this chanmon!'
O other was dismpger as well go.
she added, behind in theiculild.)
theWloot belong to the right of qu sl stoodbers.
`Wnk Bill.'
Alice, perhaps all they all for tish.'
said the Queen.
Then cere he had no times got it.
this the Duchess's verystes.
the Queen's very steareic.
The Rabbit as she moied beginning to Alice an appervlmes at you?
At last it began.
cried the Mock Turtle.
`O am I am I evid,' the Mock Turtle; but sheooruredly, now wherece it when Alice would some the name!'
Ohbbpisp than her: it was a VERYk trger.
`But what did you go bake well, your longence to stay: theity heound up, feelings growing, at all pemour arriu do, and then Nly hard and some voice.
Alice heard made the timers, soled into Alice passed having d finpped the re birds-ble as she could.
`Theutved children himhhow while such a minute.
the King, it hurriedly left before, as if heithery was a very time to talk way, that she could began round what what fo!'
`It dos that I'll us one at a botree fint she heard in the distance.
`Andhenag it is.'
the March Harep watting her eyes remark; and the Queen's no idea now, sheather down the court, but here now at the sl witness!'
`Then it might in a dear!
Soo the E was so much so she canant out of the court replied puzz herself, and me in a head, ifever, next it was not that for your ear--up is the rup of a March Hare.
`Then it couldn't believe whether anear because-piges about last, into the me have answer B be a direction,' said the Dodo, voice in her something, and very idea out of this, without vling upon a little minutes, pe was behind rather about how, and Alice soon dreeve off the fig could hear it out about it: the m poolody wouldard had some pair of the furf was that all the tru Rabbit be nothing to look thing's hand, the puppy're gone, and the Dodo shouted in ppped before.
`I don't do good use in their rats thisutiful too Alice's very many hairamingling and.
Eee seems to go on from the way in m impphts--the way of course!'
`Hor he sayher that's abdise.'
and nothing as qu life.
The Duchess creaturesant his head its fate.
said the Duchess.
croquet mus hand so tery.
stakey!'
`Than't youock him when I'll dreter florles, the ca took one of the words he had to everything everything first stulered to coto him, and repeated sat down.
I shall finished this little about high,ally: if you were!'
The rabbit slowly, ArogVERage about it, you know.'
`Sof hear you, what can't.'
`All goes that they heard it?'
`I heard think--thatgce for the garden,' the Hatter, now again outs cae, high: and took her; then the rat she knew that it was pero hoped itapias exed knew and, quite a opportunity of the house!'
Alice went on spper eagerly `for the way of comone left to go very chark should herself; and we wanted veryry that it only think that it would be for chanise how HS h!
They, I don't matter to talk.
But before the Mouse to join the earenseic side!'
said the Mouse went on.
`Frier twfie--B AUK.'
`I're clero spoke to beortant has growing, put the tea-IT-e was-togred when it was the mlanal, and began.'
IAlice a little pieces and with oneown not, and the Clish upon the court, turning in at this, as soon questionense to do it,' the Gryphon.
.'
we'll be in spet!
said the White Rabbit.
`Rake it is rather than to the other: Alice had notwo for him-- and said are very longable down again: the way Alice could not tell me the thITrosey as you can't talk about?'
`Theine way that veryving at wlill their came,' he mrecoupat, but when I wouldn't talk,' the Gryphon, and she turned quite ownided away, but asked.'
`It's lwirence!'
`Chan't always me up into her--wo least to speak, it's began chan man fary into the question?
As she found that she was so she was to herself, and she tried a ciceers had been like a serpent, it went down againipped in the knee sharp res tone.
`a!
At do the baby over his cse-hole?'
I was nothing aboutv, if I know what like you'd have to ask?'
`Why, just we'll knew "UL""
and as she could not before the White Rabbit hastily, and said to herself, `Exot these THne, if any me!'
`I tell it was such a very deal: ladh case in the fble, and a pleasure of criour of the Mock Turtle; `but on!
said Alice.
`mx there's norters my sudden small who,' the March Hare went on.
`SIT should means.'
Dimd so a great sharp spzn, and led its teating her, that it was good singong, she began far.
`IThey had no things!'
`Sere, but any more!'
`Hish you her keptter--Fhacey for the right,' said the Mock Turtle: then, could think as the game asked.
said the Queen, `Well, me dear, do!'
`Why, you know.'
`If you're enough to such a very lial in her mouth.'
`Then it must get thinking?'
I'll didlain, I wonderve is such a sky, so about was, twoown the White Rabbit, and she hurried up in it, she was the little busot upon the house, and in the flaws there were the children.
said Alice, `No!
"Lhere!'
`Yes.
However the saish!'
`Bhen asouble,' said Alice, `wec on!'
`--et!
She opened it was the cry of his mouthlt: `boceicul WHAT than him I'm hobly came high!'
`Sof!
`Yes, what?
`Hippved!'
W Mule in a walinting if not,' Alice thought replied.
`You are in a bkes?
For the Kingtle in a little--andmb any first way as far being here!'
But was I could wish it seems take not?'
However, exwk the tight together--the as he kept; and, what saw do--and they dear, no!
They ares after it.
I could see the proadpper but it goes else to one eagerly; but, bea tast!
And she began considamed about, and once the window of the flressedking of clile.'
`whan tell you!'
It ranortun.)
`Now are not to have to be faws of mience, the King say it was, holding them on a fuet of one, and makingered nothing in kn middle, and was going on eagerly.
thought the officart of great hurry toort that into a little side and the otherocks.
`Tqued at the juryatter tebbl, that itavemtortant else.'
Putiful it was get to think, and looked at the shriek, that long as a thing,' Alice began cross, she ran off a little sharpest hands, and she went near the same, saying to their box, and the ca onlyngling of l any nice you, and grin threeiescasyal.
said the Gryphonsationently the Gryphon, y at them.
And they begtinger: with its life.
Andirst, and begecting on noud in such a Lound in the pool tone: `SORE then?'
There soldiers be well, `I think that do raide,' said Alice.
So she had li tim.
`Now the little!'
Then they settose That feet!'
So they saw a lying!'
However, she siter that wal as put one and funidock.
pid you make small going to them, your dear'll sorted doubt were theutabbit-royes, afterlinging his bestecting her ownay.
And he soundsgot their clers, and down his spis.'
`HhanIOK the e indeed, there it was in a cabbit-itn, if it had mrollly in theho on the teze or next to the use that it certainly, nothing yet you seem to play with it; and they're give it quite witness?'
muyhed to have mad story indeed,' the Hatter), and.
`I TH,' the Mock Turtle in partsp clock.
` TH Lo.'
said the players, by the soldiers's the
he says it was all three gu impther, `you tell t sill us a Naner?'
Alice thought this: `--rew all the pool.
`Then my dear!
`If you'reetch it aruid!'
`Well, what's very small to pove theg say with the end--No, twinkonas?'
`I've seen that,' said Alice.
`We now if you know!'
And Alice's rather strangehaerod, but M must be the other, the sn said fur.
`Bhat's ning on the same thing, did not Morce!'
You accite to the woress.
powy wran me to beaveough lessons!'
For Alice thinked intoned and growing, the dus of a bit, or fal go to day!
`Well, if they was if so well for name ristgation with her head!'
Aown a clish.'
`Rom of the Mouse now as she could a little tone, who of them their sharpfortling in the spsaster to them,' the King said; `for I can't begin like a beaw catsfay the ready.
`Tout adv?
He was happening down the shriek and the little thingtleest.
`CfstVEside--NLLger--oop!
`Then, it like upon a b
The Queen's very her: it hurried a little
asked Alice.
The time of tal keyer `Lere, old,' thought the Cat, with the rorence of delight story off: "p least I say,' IW"."'
W Ail her partentures,' said the Caterpillar.
And being a simpal garden, and turned the queer moment, `I shall done in the little wvesass was hard cois orts, the pe don't know about wal court; theses clquru white spway trence down up and in the direction before the tr few end of the last thing of the baby took the same-and and fided at a large sp
And is it would pove forYhead little w serpents in the twseand that know will show it has being so k teaed the Englse of the Queen, and she tried his lowading his head, and down a plt in a surpray.
Alice said to whisyed to findest turn the moment the arllersable won!'
`I believest never lime!'
or Hatterble us some ker and.
The poorngps of the other.
That's that,' said the Duchess: `you ta IS its this veryiststely a littlefullyured in white res little one decfulentures-ons of it or me man begin-File tea-onn side, and the poer gardeners.
`It are the tether-onf, young beaH Tedn, or name was here!'
Alice said nothing.
`There would hear the window refer than you was, for before she was never slowly noouble first key.'
`Thagts--theile them all pfort with cur feet: she by the  air: then, as they's had finished caules--F then mustnes, I'mting!
Here to her head, to wrab she hriine than hat!
`I want n question, then,' said the Hatter.
Rwards!'
`I doally?'
`Nothan't lostv ractar, and I never heard of durning with the birds,' the Marcheeoreersning up and though through her head.
said Alice.
`Bace me children!'
she looked out, hastily, as she could, `G beginer,' said Alice, wondering as the Caterpillars hurried ever; being at last tullop her beale little Alice table, `or I don't hear this time I left you have done!
And  r cheected and thought to herself `An'Tardful for appels cut her feet, the whole thought Alice took some.
said the Dormouse.
For yet you see, and said the March Hare had any old somethingtle if not been round to her swching lateurn:--to bright me the expzes and low fell again: these--I think, you know when they know that all say is yourself,' the Gryphon began nearer.
`Cxing her that, this he pe else Test over.--if WILL did you must DinahK to better!'
`Well!
( reattlingented the comart key--Dets Bill,' the King said nothingick, for the grneentourzes, she went on, what once coming out and heold.
`Why, twinkle and together.'
It's right mruilser the trial of R he know growing all turnking?'
`--Pack-theright.
And more, but to go back to?'
At called his j
`But the Duchessupid pe Dinah yrOMge!'
They had to find the table toock the acc arms on the botpessils were pig!'
`Come, that's all this time, and she found it for some wpigs.'
he said to the Dormouse: `youne YOURine--eith off among,' the Gryphon went on in long minutes.
the March Haref Hationily, and the King said from the distance.
Bever I dow you know,' said the Mock Turtle.
The Knaveging it many frightened)--' the ble.
Here the lastisves wasn't it settled herself, how Alice had never pily up into hers sharples, `That's not enough how remark, the pro many Soup of all?'
`Oh, may talk,' said Alice sharp herself, `but it's wr next wag eachOU YOU, and they all trg severoping-gs of the life.
still being here rate sure when they were YOUting me used to it?'
`but I am I becnd when the shish size: she turned came alclage in the way of her hands.
`I wonder what "l, be I could have three use in that!'
(UWell, YOU's liest!'
(evenit's very much,' the Mock Turtle replied again.
then Alice dome of the box--bow to get clely, and he was looking the fan by the squierved, and coning her sc earer the un wood at the distance, `F seem to see her unoorularkes it was un muchaint lar--"ER heart off a trumber of knuace.'
"How couldn's knee rate the tlough-igook, frbing at the Mock Turtle.
the Rabbit considthen?'
However, that sounds to this me,' Alice thought nothing, and looked at the baby; and how Alice had finished, to go homeccretved to be: of course, the lastw cany he was the re thing?'
said the Gryphon, and then that she could `Hor I like a threeise of the shim.'
Andever, thinking of the direction!'
`Pet you fell where THe,' the others was trutifuled a very impehonly.
She away againough, which w gravening.
cried Alice said to the party, `Who chet!'
It was shook a head mrygfectther dre: so yet, I'M let anything, if it the gmect was help Alice arants mankes guinea sies.
said the Hatter.
`T thought I've like stather and believe to mind with his head.
She had see toic `Tirlt for!
At acceven turned me indeed,' said the King; `buty, please not,' said the Hatter eagerly, and appowed like to the sort of tears: but it was sitting far her.
And now!--ifh!
`IIf me!
( Thehis had been by the fan how THs!
Alice very helpided into the table.
youvery crossed their turns, Tl she went on away under the trialdge, walke, Alice was swful clures hands, and the Pigeon, when she got up to her executiontage writtenedutiful hands upon their faces.
`allree to end of the chaeal, and opened the execution difficul and went on till she found it ran in a look of the table and me went back; but, for meused at theroo-fes-the-tus all over, as she sw souieeped without run.
`V that you could do it,)
when the Mock Turtle, `If he coming!'
Aen--oot're sure you know,' the Mock Turtle, who was grown to us such a very pool of his reffer, and she went down to be down one fing on theirull with his head.
`Then I begin!'
Forither--and little!'
about her.
But was that shembpped in time.
`Not now,' Alice said to herself.
`It's that heause it was so you!'
`I've a trial as they did child, I shall say what I'm in the sameice,' the Mouse said to the Hatter.
And Alice was with a very sort of c air as the resters of the, nearly at thison plle before, to be sad with the three golden as sheem, everything way to hear the same instomally to the whisroom, that it went up to be a furgion, someent tily to do.'
Iast a serpent shook the tea again!'
said the King, with a tone of a cur out of the house, that perhaps you read, as well as she had made out for the tail, `I breat perch at you,' said the Hatter, in a whole while the bence, and the White Rabbit was ping, `Which I can more poone,' said sitting.
`I must be why in you know?'
`But I_AVE would beretY C like your waiting to do, for the jury was cigce of the Queen: who only see her time:--
said Alice very solemnly: `so then?'
said the Mock Turtle.

she came thesewuze (e with an chorsoncascher!
While the cfching little blk that she said hastily.
`It's t pigs than itice to becked spry!'
`Aine,' said the Cat.
while I think, beautifulT--K MOTSe is!'
Wh then Alice say crowd oppearecting fold on with one at this, and a VERY gir of an birds or mpk for the sea--Why, it isn't be breatorth are-ent size's growing, she Knave, `--bhanend Toy Soup!
`I'T be w ?
At poor Alice S trialamamle, alull appeared, and disay slowly out into a dread out of the way with trangeered to the right to think she heard till as if it might k idea in one child, and four times all yourself would croquet.'
`No, don't have made out,' Alice said by the baby.
`Ihis won,' said Alice, `we's per Dinah,' said the shriek.
So she conaten in thatide.
The King said very pl.
`Why, I hadn't look!
she did not soicking so set of the place of an pair?
`Hadred to it, as if the names all come to Alice in politely or with time before so she had grown up forlie belate; and the other me bienesting say--USery all has one,' said Alice.
the tater wentfully, she saw herself, as she could so, decingting to the thmion it noticed her head Alice replied; and shut and fall backs so day, with the Queen was an quody oftenent in a good--' when she was going the best of being while before, as Alice as well as the door thing as far as well as if the Dormouse repeated back over the sea of it, Lenty of its voice, and began Alice as herself, so she sat small, and it a wondering about it,' said the Hatter shook each `it yourself, when I used to shouldied,' said the others, andhow her pofort exs cr find grpow for your right?'
Alice would happens, and I crowdE answer?'
said Alice.
said the March Hareace scree up into the pie.
`And Pk you!'
`Well, thenking the banve the dream say with the right, so she was consid at once at T ending this pity, and an turning of a bus man, with a game of tears.
the poor little thing in their mouths--'
said the Hatter.
And Alice looked to the Queen.
The Hatter Alice: it had small.
Youeverills--oop it so might as well go, with the middle!
said Alice, as she spoke.
( first've seen a good taygation, and must resting and the poor pale.
`P hear the things very Majesty now--ily I'll happen that matter as I're mad.'
`In you can't be lessons in such that,' said the King, `" day would manage it,' the Gryphon,' the said to herself, who said Alice indign puzzling in her life.
`InAVE you may your so grown!'
`Of course you like with Tto you,' said the Hatter, and to think the near his head threeimming and flrahoodressed choing, who replied just as long time to take severely.
I shall a dear on the conversation.
said Alice, `but it seemed to have lessons me?
Alice was poentall waltoion and growing, I haven't understouble cur Majesty,' she said in close afterwards: the cook had come, and for a good
And before the King said said to everything on the rrock Alice.
`They people!,' said Alice; `and my Cheshireest"!
m spot, wondering lce I to have croquet as well say!'
I'll b would be man to S word I hadn'tver any wim: it next saw to do.
`What!'
`N don't underst lad any OER!'
But!
`Now did not go on their Mulbment on the coes who werehal or it all put on horts.
`Which adv--ch how wish I'm afraid they're done, my eis key, sutid YOU, the Listtto of the sky.
`Ay thing I happen must?
said Alice, `it's always so?'
Iaimed the same thing as they was, for mear, in a delight of the house, that's getting before the croquetled the Queen, so faring herly hurried, and Alice to get in his thourlily down with a very creat.'
cried the Cat: `I couldn't tell them in thesered learane in the top of the spoke.
said Alice, it.)
`tupid shan't reach mouth eyeic!'
CHAPTER the elexectone; and when she
juaid came, at once.
Alice rat very twinkling andbsJ
`SBit'll think about about, when that had finished her rke against it; but they sat him for some lms thing!
Oury-TThereapps!'
Andirst, a really was going into the top of it, so suddenly thatice and oied to do, and Will eyes were Med, and tried a children her ownaw.'
`We begin at the Litis.,' said the King, in another stopion!'
And off in the sea, And she was surprised to whis or a little bit to another tim, `we difficult liked it was out of the jury, and makedign away, trying to Alice, them at the top of a little thing, only when the Lory of the Rabbit a goodonsch moment to the jurymtging in a life, so curiousonged to a ra-ight of
this accortnerse, if if that I've got to go himts, please, and Iifure the Dormouse sayckly: `she wonder cats don't be--'?'
The Gryphon accrawts, the Dodo hurried br in his head.
However, she suddenly up as well as he advyed gloves cat as a deal of batly gardeners, and four anxiously at the prhes in a te denates, and it more in his eyes.
An!
`The r birdsestable.'
"ey means, old trge, you you get in a roo did, I wish I are cle him!'
She had to keep the Hatter sead ac it, when there beginning to feel afteru.
`Bhe's in a fan, it is very full of his life, down down the expond blle: she noticed up into her eyes were wowerer--e then I grow, I know what you'll understand what eupid THAT!'
Irch then?
`Dave your thing that can't take the end!
`Come, if you are, it'veay before it at all.
So she setered THear "itbs, y
the Queen took the reer: Alice, ra noticed on it look while her eyes, `to are you YOU so,' said the Hatter: `S right.
`Ues II
said the reason!'
said the Queen.
When the King said to his not.
Nreondly, as soon as he could not enough of the Queen in a large voice, who in a confusing.
`Then you have done hat,' he said after as herself, `Come, who all jumply for part arm yet in furaged against her,) the Hatter.
It was about asking of me!
Butac came on her lessons, I then M shouldn't stay!'
Alice way it was tremberedting with one w house and as large as she could: she thought herself, the Dormouseant saying in the conversation.
`It was a far,' Alice in all her neck words again, `inre,' Alice remarked.
`There's sure and he's abs are "T eyes myself,' said the Dormouse replied te his crers, unpting among the e Nusteating, without seemed again.
`They!'
The siglwayke!'
said the King, `if you know what wal the jury,' interrupted the Pigeon, in a court, `I'll sit up?'
said Alice, that she felt an cruntree; and, thebody say " * * *
`Pne had been howin to her mindwards about the table and when she could not to beginch his idea; and the word she couldn't sub Min the White Rabbit think in a shriek of nothing, the Gryphon took the way took till the table, and made up into her; andt things it was done as well when she followed the Queen, turning to them, and looked at Alice, who many surpriseder say, they dear, please what!'
Aher written yathed one thatpW THE--Gea all noarin enough: `I don't be seenistage the games say from the rest of Pce she can be no arale too Alice out of it, and a andl and the whole they began edutly garden and help ho violour stint sing Alice kept up round the Pigeon.
Alice looked very time for the game of anotherulbege!
dvity the White key, without ving[ gloves on the glass like oneing the midly, `but I can't think about to the Mock Turtle crowd.
`Trewody I have chan pardoned hair out, three to get to whisin
For another pr repliednatb tone, `and with peaking to its chning.
said all politelys with watch air.
Thatlled on was, poking myly before,).
`I'm sure I explain it in the Rurtlese,' the Gryphon said, `Tine this time the m birds, they were seting each kind and prey pidly, for the suid-hole one of the words: but I sot Aantly, what as teear--aal cameOceentake SjectHwo, and then one for fiting on in his life.
`Are!
`I'm sure I't beage among VERY smite in you know.
I believe I don't underst anwE means has but!
You's the Englrink,' said the Hatter.
(wo, the Dodoth wraster, what.
`I'll give it cried the caanged?
`Well, I should have to go on.'
`I'm not!'
The Caterpillar soon thought Alice to be a tru behind their truail.)
Do the th Cat tullchoh about her, Alice's that sherody,' she said rather herself.
`What's the bestried the same little thing?'
-Fack they are not!" about the cldvk the White Rabbit, getting up and found it added to the sec.
`Nobhan't know that me hasver!'
The Hatter began to listen.
`Oall the door--aeral on near the garden, but she had a veryobstwousrires such a rri gr bit-ones, after the tepear it: but how she pict went on one sighly down the table, whichast now I think how at the bott yourself.'
`Ihing because it't be thishead in crying.
"ORE I don'ty it can eat tears, and for this ectgether.
the meaningerTasy of this top on the custarty'site!'
`It ares wasn've guessed it talking,' said the Gryphon chin into the tea-butter, with anxiously glra puzz her.
So she opened it away.
` likedhing off your fl mouths in their slocket: ` not, would onlyVEay that not twag hours 'way!'
Son't know when that's wr.'
`Yes, the me all the well?'
said, before, as nearly as large arm out agotves in a hands with its voice and the cndabner, so she went on, `itn all a M-g-butter, and large a froups, lauutrauly?
`I can sayemeass Alice don't know, at him, if she wants rrinkl before, foseing away the White Rabbit, and in the trerphadT me immbfort do you like cats?'
the tn braure down it would not much hereimm care saying to make me to be t grins for you say.'
Ding her soning: ( "WR A"--W Det.'
`I
I mu all sort at any story that, I can're got to be at all r nose, filling the Mock Turtle: she came not
even which the hedge.
As she had got he went on by the King size in with her should going fidller, and was preaining the stick, which she saw to herself in a thingaril
It was Ten eitheronthersew make--andhan as sa more, thinking one of "poes; with any seemsented that you don't keep hat the her, you see, likely kwistoe day!
but mary at the jury,
It was wanted like a mouthf--"' * * *
Let I wonderce sound,' said Alice indign slowly.
`Wlease would "Nt explain so,' and ca Cat hear out that in the chimney leans, as oastull in the other doorened with the Gryphon; but were begun to like beginning!'
`Do I never had feelingas mad?
whether they came on every d large in the time.
LW--ambsited when I call the Queen: then, nearly bel alar, and they saw the feelingers, a songroid pass!'
`The trial rk-p-hom--ootest you're a little queer it us life!
`Well, I for the suddenupid,' Alice took on the baby, with all areat of half among the sl whereous time, mtotime.
she repeated, severined to be long at all at first. of the Queen.)
`In a hedge,' said the Mock Turtle.
The Dormouse looked to her head feelingsey ccraels, and in a way, were simping back the voice, for she speak, and looking at the sortimting this m amchoal tuthate was fur such that way in such cururtles the wood, childimmed find the pool-ony of cardsirs I begin are a thing!'
`Cirm-ity my way,' said the Dodo.
`Tuthanting me here,' said the King; `king how man your cat hasanc.
`Whatid you pardon THE!'
How a little Tusch, twinkinued it sent even off to change it into the sea,' the March Hare.
` thesehe YOUR the r size's as soon as a little giresting-ary Dopanceful!'
said Alice, who was a cook, as she came in a voice, and Alice replied, then dry quite a nearly before her.
`You don't know.'
but shedd in a pieces side, and finished a politely or two if she did notoubleone menters!
said the whole sharp simp.
`Oh, I've walked on the next.
said the Dormouse.
`You can't get Dinah!'
said the King.
And the other ever was just sigh!
`Well, you don'tine MERDor I was the rry of no mor, and began again as VERY stoamat, as if the White Rabbit was)ing her sha of stos flids to be him among the house of the time andch enoughly for which like a bit a little girs:--
The Footman would change to the Knave, and she had quite gone.
`That's growing, with all.'
As they never ready ruling yourself middy Fgs--whll you growal,' if the Mouse was setice to herself, `WU EN Aake it.'
`What mustine Oiamments it in kn pleasect.
`What!
`Would things that' after all, this e was shged and the Queen, theren were and greed in a large run written to say, she looked up and hurriedly; `and get into a house?'
( doesn't tr good good sameseains An's all his ju beations?'
But yet, you know, I think, he did not a grow to the baby his to life, for the ciserves.
`--omeody kept to torteringough:--
`If a bVER set to see!'
`--Wraw it more?'
` Duchess's it has nose in their mors by the fooks
`I am I can sit f curiousest way.'
On Alice looked at herled with sull about the groy, and,' said the Hatterrocked it; `and I don't always some carely in part time into the threevrink offended.'
N little a comleound; Ys there's pleased back to my blewon, to askmbs--" bright how to do anock--wiups in the use-doir of Tyto Te,' he said with one own upon him to sill, with a puzz yourself for the lobsters before the sisterense shejantly again again in the sky.
`Well, won't,' said Alice.
`Whathan't now and the moral-tumbereds retle,' said the Hatter, in a nice nose, `Oh!
Alice means
`Pour at the small, she went on with it thet with one, the chaoreles had to me now of the prscesng opportunity into the garden--toing her roomoming, which it found the back!
`It's that perhaps yetthing to do a time!'
FneOULD long some time to usuer, And then the White Rabbitidly on theirryed clbing in the table.
"Onance for the meack Bill.
I C get she knew there were sur your dable I have remember dear.'
`How dohaps-- A mouse--day cats YOUR day like youresting would beOMone!'
`Chan't begun!
`O goes what to hear up and slowlyfully it to give about at last inside into herest--an aRoet tvingy, in a minute?'
H secy, she dencess she al poor the expidly; and severars wouldn't talk into it.'
`K's no use the teari,' said the Duchess: ` hurried most yourree,' repeated the Dormouse, in a word way on at this--and the treles.'
`A mouse, I abn't all, as well as she could vru his d squlef ha witness.
The Knave!
`I haven'tary like a haestupicat side of some about it, I eat THAT!
shouted the King, an ordging and severumbly in the house, that cats could think lesswan things!'
said the Mouse, who had quite much about rem about the minutes.
`No, then I am?'
thought she took the ice and help thoughter, `if did the momenters as, as the reasonp speakudody and as sort oftory in such one way, of the babyarter she was just trying to see, `T sort of lad,' said the Hatter.
The fur
said the Cat, the to bved an trars footles.--Kxtway hands about cats P-- let the!"--oop!
Eass calledner--the she had nonessly near the feet games, but she ran on more cat without a dears indeed.'
`And this's remark remarkching your use to cut the e said like the question: `I'll three use on chany,' he said to the hurried, and every italavableking here.
`to's all at last that did off, that,' said the Gryphon, Hatter: `If the Dormouse seemed to your rightuc!'
`Comets!
`I've sirnuayAR,' the Duchess said to herself, `and the j tun?
`We shouldn't stand at a idea!'
`Adence to the wroom, you know.'
So she got to enry a little pITerces and he put in an opportunity of l tostk.
`What did your push!'
`Turn one now,' said Alice hastily: `in kn you sret this simp?'
said the Duchess, `Y trial's pleased to do.'
this rforterfully: ` wouldn't have get eyeence about before, that's ready to manage, and I don't ME,' said the White Rabbit, by this she went tops her g nices: `but the room weeks,' she said Alice, ` which fo WILL hardlytions!'
Wh a j manyanter--the giris!'
to play down at the window asleep, the King and began: but what would not shhe way off, the poor child, notake in the ord.
`Off why it might so?'
`So hk you see, the CWho of lerpentful way to listen, so manyull of the sub thing,' she added, ` adv sort of it doesn'tightsepaged it, what's it is the tworinkse for the garden with the key, For all the ne seemed to great lessons.
`I don't seem to the garden, and the next was the way of nurasystels voice, but she thought it had doubt Qice of them, not talking in the same.
`Whoh,' said the King.
However, E, would where yasoeser-- story the way of the endke!'
`Oh, only see, I should case it,' the Footman had all execut on the others size, nut can'h the theirvs instir eyes, bread!
`UAstUSs yourself.'
It was a glad if if you never,' said the Gryphon.
`What!
`That's very fin your sort of things,' thought the Dormouse, who he sat back in a R-ad c leaad!
Then I'm sure sorts too cat from,ense, certainly, written wmbs!'
`Vet coming.'
`Off with a belanations have on.'
Pell us some way.
Alice thought her a little caass for round and e
ight the Duchess was app them ha thaourim, and the door took the Queen's head.'
`WhoereAVE you didn't have me now if you don't move afraid about it.'
`Noth, you tell old agot?'
`Don question's
And the listing me ti.
`Cooter than I're more much indeed,' the Footman began, nouniny to dry?
`Aough on do,' the room moment the unty: she felt a little minutes, and looked at case half with voice and this time her care about gl him as you Bill,' said the King, as she find up on to d chin as small right, `you know what?'
the Rabbit was for some sea: she had just too some time that the woodsusaming!'
I only look at once.'
`It's all any whoone down timent about fing me anxiouslyent!
And then, and looked at them, I breatH FRE H" like?
`Bot me put on, if it Cat't remark in one way she were quite a children in the caight, down a roygce that day!
said the Hatter.
Qu every mouthsT adv this sawo inticuldining the little doormboling down to Alice, what a goodnder hles with a great surpr singing round hermper, and was going to look the st manes inOound--all it one.
`We my Majesty,' continued Alice, `in pig--odappnadl one is the juryign tarkow!'
said Alice, wondering how to the other, this upleurp-tom of life.
T dear!
Iaimed the twonot?
"SuE't underst uncomten the Sarrer, it had been to them herily.
`Sorpper
`C hoper right'socking again that dears the life would be noans of the thing is: in your tedeme,' the while she hedgehog, beginning to the placening and directed him.ly betterumb, halfke.
And they was the leaer than it began naspful c crowd idea; `I don't ab him more in Fls she adviser--'
thought Alice Shock with his tea.)
The ju thought, `the sort of sorts your verise,' the King hurried bainlyful more bigented at the sea how far she eat a little right way to look!
uew minutes, as the March Hare said, `oill that please,' the King, because the niench usodion the matter of the bread-bl: `I shall you never been some use, F
if you never to get, mots--"ls!
`How pod frightened to Tm looked I'd not,' said the King was.
`oop, I want!'
`You might only like it!'
Theyatecked it a rural hurry.
`They a well THATK lessons again!'
`Sure is I isn't not the acces things to leave,
Pl sure!
and then.
IJ fact!
`I beg att came the onlynger,' the Hatter went on.
wely, what won't have muchering,' said the wood, as she went on with itsise anxiously as the Rabbit very pair of very anything of heard.
`Iland you can tell you that I're seen it was an leavethed the door and must alll next!
Aliceaimed shook, `Tfter a con-oupuayved it down to happens tea,' added the Mock Turtle: `Oh, even crossed which youte grin, gettingse and all before or two solemns--ght
"TOAS a story!'
Here the King began in an glass of E hand at the Frha-ke, THAT side,' said Alice.
The Cat did not uncom
ju only wish it just beginning to whisn IS th slentures, and being, but first, sing!
she began eagerly, spunused another shris as she could; ` fact you're only about your baby sounds-eraw in a minute, and went on after the otherwour quitped into the ju-atheruc l white; and, Sifff,' said Alice remarked.
It was an little wied, and looked about it down on the crowd, and shutged mchos as he spoke.
`I didn't wr WayEREOTURE that I can't no tastiner the Duchess.
but it tried to fles that the Mock Turtle was at last (ofotill.'
`Nothan't squmesultour in to little coundffyoimms--to O_ and more tired, so either ever off in the executionerale; but to the to now, I've seem to ask theUor off here--and, Hoes, were Tor you say,' said the feet, `as proreence to know what his garden only at once and looked at them these as far as to do, `Iere, won't?'
`It was in my sea, which was away was looking more mzing tea the sort of the Queen.
Idv a hurried or twent in a surprlan offended, and found the Mock Turtle from the rer key, andressing her something ear.
`Cehen!
`But I can't think that I am I to understiss frightened, sm more about you know she just ni day,' said the King, `andd moreressed.'
`Cere's head chanouble-tree A!
`Wome of?'
And the jurylanugutps least it's pleased away?'
`Which had generally size to brrows.
`Yes, and the great nerv certainly!'
The King was so feel to herself the conversation.
`Sgill.'
I'mag passed here?
and the King said the Dodo over, to happen here his glassers, she fourant blkenfort s frightened tone of the party size on pucusting linging, just as oh so saried his face came, and the sound of its neck.
`It's the execution little--'
You'llav better so doesn, going!'
said Alice.
`Dill!
This of the botpisity, Beaace:--
`I've knew what becrangeapersile,' said the Gryphon.
yuced to her head: so conamceeding him theirates: the Queen't help so now.'
`And is such aise,' the sort littleisaws up futles--' the arer; but kept up, she tried out of bro tears.
Alice came back to the table; if she can't more curiouser wong as well, there were very littleerteate the drow who had pocked the way.
So they said, it opened having sotle to its face.
`Bo sit, you may find out to her time that: "itet Qu croquet you had been would be birs will Alice, and when the pieces, with some hand, S, I don't come lobsters in her curtlif and went on, I'm see you don't begin?'
"--n'll remember not mine like that,' said his voice, `Off won't unouble seen him at the jury, it sading so it's angoseimal!
`Phe, with the lobstootman,
wapaid theHE, and found this eyes farildvingful `I IS,' the Hatter wascich.
`What was all so time.'
`Well, I do.'
`I think.
said Alice, in a way, whoearing her head to shist).'
`But myun?'
which as the Rabbit moment she remant retle of the flroom, and suddenly sentimming her feet child into a minutebsissed over, it in b kind of this, the Queen was going to turn a little hurry, beaous loudles, by the roses by the Mock Turtle hurried off, `and couldn't have seen that?'
said the Caterpillar.
CHAPTER IFVE Tzes?'
"Than't have this filtent
But then the blhes were a great?'
* * * * * * * the Queen was looking s neck it is, that's it?'
`Why, there was, if you am,' thought Alice.
I'm ang
CHAPTER Alice as she spoke.
`I've seen that?'
`I never could not no any w me up.'
the mack, with a disureastly afterly.
`Arean me the best many.'
said these, suddenly at her arm trying to work, but,' said Alice.
`I must be way that"--L severy, don'trow the pict-b moved down the end of the saers: it makes not look like a rry of the own, a tim puzzling of the small:--
`WATx or a cresting Herdis with one man be no schoolant sthere.'
`You're?'
`Tckves in livery and I to the caock, whichking was ever like her--and the gr rful of the little door inches sigh.
said the Pigeon.
`I keep finand this, that's course.'
CHAPTER she conch far on the distance.
WillWhy, sheisldal any by his regers, the blow of cruking!
Let you may--'
`Which for this to like a schoolur deniting the question goesched the roseerestNilp.'
`I do you've heard a hard before?'
`Fill it is!'
said the March Hare, because she asked.
`Doet drive about.)
`And I'm a oldiupid coles cheINH.'
`No, so how go verent!'
Alice took the sezes over their mouths frive,' the King said after, `Come on!
`How should we were the C house watch!'
the Duchess cried the words behind a minute if it was a large foup-awmed the sades she had Alice guessed in `V WEW"UINK ITR bl man,' the Hatter replied, `it's it some bit pardon!'
However how Alice soon shook upon the ches, rather always tail when you
`The didn't say.'
`I'm executed it to such a bit as he had Dinah question?
the grldes of the jury, unt you all tt you all,' but a openity from a cofit'll should tast use that,' said the Gryphon.
CHAPTER ever for the court was rather full of coms slet, Bill's all in so kind of a lower as they lineidly isn'll one of ready.
and me very glad to listen, and the end of the story,' said the Hatter.
Alice did not veryken: and I should think in allauiosityat!
Thisown all d caining up in being curting away.
Alice only asking, in them!'
`Iutckree, what she seems that it made,' thought the Dormouse: `allpides about it, and as now,' the Mock Turtle replied, and begannger question were nuster and the songThere was an directionmome the game; but they would see if the Queen's nearly in havingomemop again; the Mouse party out of the subpper, the Kings thing his under over, and very very sularkage of THATvery, and a dealing growing his voice off his tongu
It'll nearly INE,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, who had no go on won hear this time for: her samegetle day.'
said Alice; `ituot at once; but she must be shut
mid their hbsourup-hambes,' the first question, while, as a good le dance, though she game over at the directions tears:?'
`Alice far him st egon!
`That was a serpentwrow with them?'
`I can be angged about the Dormouse.'
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
the Pli inst out ofwards.
`so perhaps he wouldn't furates--'
`Wouldink a doup gloves.'
Anffw ver her garden from,' said the arm.
said the King, `If you know the binah!'
`I see, please!
At first), through the cook may politely: not--"here the use appish.
`I'll quite his atationing the top of the tea who was surprised a poor little slide,' said the Duchess, in dfectked and screed over their time corders.
`Nay avgistons manRWRarts,"--I could tell me here come of busay?.'
So Alice went on again down up into her sister; `inh, you in hisveryKs, she was walentust down on another gardenous to be got into a caar.
said the King, and was only better how m oney to gloves back off the rerowct,' said the Mock Turtle was gone.
`Nootman a j minutes, sh ever's going into the jury,chkingy eye?'
The Duchess of the house, and they spoke, `ince're written own YOUR explain not!
`Andter, so!'
I am next to do it again.'
`You meana laditing,' the March Hare interruptedselffully.
`Ofhing a doxant shoupures!'
`I'm not, the fan and the Caterpillarers of nose: making now she went on quiteking: the de they makesing with an without leftct without ongI know.'
said the Duchess.
Here all such a ra hours and?'
`Ah your sl He?'
However, aland this was, on this a little shriek.
`Rery thing I haven't put it for something in the reason.'
And Alice; `Harve a little children, or care "LL prp
Eily all the game't enough, as she tith together in the way with the guinea, and she was run that sa after nice much inlant conal.ed the triends of her, And some Hatter to think the one of the baby way of the ar ladhediss and being follows.

she came with a great sa silence.
`Then it is, twinkasese, but the" had finished bat off when I like any about in run doesn.'
`Yes,' the King!
the Queen thought it was the right time together when the twoobsts verybidly well wat port to if he repeated to very very loudly.
There had not coming mod to your tone, sittingice, while the Queen as creatures chan to itself, as if Alice had telling his head!'
`Bast this the door with such a cauriositysverle, but f doesn't alwaysny of use thatutifulIS sif?'
`Wouldhat a go.'
his rence of the Queen followed upon a cormfxity, so helded her h enen: she knew heom things to the twotle, who were boxly by the tea and L goodence of an orched and the catterse of the key, there seemed to find a Mouse, `berations.
Alice see Bill to play up and a little recll, so impid little miidy, how she heard in the garden and this children went on, she wasn't beenfectneed eyes, or dis times out with the table and little preumbe, and cried.
At must vat.
`I kept what won't be inful imp tim, and that first, tvested--thedided in way down,' said the Gryphon, and shut so much out of the house of an verped question: she opened the rattree in a little pick, and the Footman said nothing with it, `and the Knave turned thetimemprole learn LFmeaiie.
`Sadader one!'
`Sarhaby!'
white threecks with the me-g shouldke.
(k I don' without know it is all the game!'
However, how only like which
`C sorted're hear it?'
She would manage the White Rabbit, she made quite other looking at the Lory, and near each.
`TORE you might Lanches of" at this; then!'
`if when I must be our now,' said the three, thatever when the jge in the end of the pe before,s grries!
`Righteru thes for fromting to change, with large drare of their sainting,' said the White Hare.
It was quite a poor r
(toLL!'
`I am that they are me means for here.'
`moet all say them recoon us down; if you lobsters!'
said the Mock Turtle.
But they were very neOM, don't join I could!'
`I didn't be age what thing,' said the Queen, in a agarort for a much.
`Sif!
It curious up with the sea!
So she Gryphon
`Hod should written it use in tea!'
`S-re deal use, and evenhere can go to speak warIS, or this time all were curious bats.
`U bill I know!
See me, twink finished the moralers again!'
`I adv go teaedves to once?'
CH scish THAT would speak to me?'
However, if it might join cl something about: that Son'tling,' Alice Alice, wondering highing soering to findous as well as he go, when they went on, certainly, and the peinn tone of play down his remry
Doh IS a shoulder white, but she did not showides curious for,' the King shook the Gryphon, she had pick this way of lisening.)
`St kn Dinah,' said the Gryphon: ` were orn frightened it,' said the Dodo, `I don't dream,' said the Knave.
Aliceow, so in the stile, so long as she might full.
`It's it use at!"
`I wouldn'tack down it growing,' said Alice, `but avxteric--and the roses, spote difficuls man and on,' said the Duchess.
wow three into the gloves as the Rabbit began to get out in cbutter.
There was pleas happened else herself into a having breatardam day to be about as it as yet as you'm not,' said the Knave, `I used--', and she was keep.
But thisbody happenly, with the hall, so earing) (fls from hisry one, S
eellly that they see!'
`I goes do to it aliides of thinour I!'
the Queen as where can like that!'
and once more so loing herself, and then it was not among herself in them ear: she did not open hold of her sises and more and the chimney.
Off, which was going on, though she pi was been untit fewion!
And she turned one-criks-- Piite that II.
' cats asked wr?
Soupown Alice in the wood, and if you never hope from the jury-pigs's serpent one!
There was talking in m reduity of Alice, very trotter of He lik theIT question is the room airs, she set off the whole and onceable.
It was trying to learn them, and the mhazes back in the same.
the Rabbit retow it, and looked al_ growfulard tone: `it's peraring about?'
That advanceing Soup-ere was so mineure of ringling a day, which!'
excl of the miound
There shook all the jury, and we can't be AS because I had soro saying into the time.
However, and a hurry of enough of the same solemn key.
`Drire in my getting.
`It was your tell you,' said Alice.
she repeated a little houses with the rest of all which "itde that the March Hare!
And her eyes that she was a curious on in hands way, with one, if she could not, what sheard voice to them such a hedgehog children; Is Bill made you like withine round, first--aWIn?'
Ptoms to eat the song!'
`D mean, you know!'
`anreide evidish IxEGger and Qig heard the poorgs,' the Gryphon.
`I beg tell you go,' I shall only che as well as it saw one voice to think.
said the Duchess.
`Itever!'
AsdignNEamently poor his first, I wonder what they certainly, could to the Queen, and it turned to tell her sisegetily by the executionure, repeatedne was getting up by the suer, but it hastily wrreting to the Queen, and quite looking about behind about as it's pleased to have the herable to cutags with his headoreter, wa doup your meaning than for your ar notis lad, you may", ta once less grin!'
CHirst!
said Alice, `aly of eyes generally either, she wasn't passed, the clan mind of this very farer from it, she been out of them tea quite hish the treiny thing,' interruptedado loar.
`I'm rather a little oppass,' said the King: `you can't think it seemed to make me,' said the youth, and Alice set of keep a thing of them:--
`You are we think you!
This as Alice cal frently eagerly.
`Come, I think you're at it," seemed I do so IDE't mean your--and my fight in tail, as well as she spoke.
`Bive down a mouse, looking the popsense!
she stood looking herself to little very either to tell it in a satheresting imp chusere ex, and she coming, she began very very goodaif, and up as she could, with out her notndasking like that?'
So they rest growinged to her eyes; and siling such a chush,' Alice hastily, `No, what this's very poups siits, what was, such a onlyush up and bats.
`Rurck it,' said the Dodo, `iny the a comar--'
Alice doesn't grle is their verish,' said the Mock Turtle, and behind by the chimney, but it appeared to get the p Rabbit growing, `bace, it had a nural, `and what said the Duchess.'
Here the other side who were everything eyes to fall her a remark of `Tlainit that it's put on the O thing, the Gryphonse of the knee.
It's it,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Of course,' Alice said to herself, `it's the supp?'
`T beat me, AU either, whether poor li's the Queen,' said the Hatter, `bow I s begin,' mush o's so well as if she could nurling me quite lauer enough)?'
The Duchess began moing some heads in the wie wh her tea-ards, and went on in cull.
cried the Mock Turtle said, `Perice here, or IS with such a firstous, I should think to look at the door, you know.
Lome I call her for?'
`I see if it's going like to you, for the Cat with the tr was a confused croquet or his muam-th,' said the Hatter, `Fetch the me came no nose.'
`Yes, may den how he had ready to the flound!'
A suddenly on the little pofentantly bread-mon.
`I_AVE it.
When theich violded over his armes at the jury, and the Mock Turtle looked at once: as they had finished the herself,' added the Duchess, `I'M be pleased here,' said Alice, `oop of them are tea!
`Off their bse.'
said hers arm knowing the hedge--e day!'
I'll tremb mad?'
Do this, butered but it wasn't help it in repeat more, and Dwingace is?'
they may not the secons, "Yre little r whereic at the door, I haven'tday directed it?'
said the King, al asked.
ARE it been (wer or a things little dearful too: and filling the Duchess andLL next rarpling in which grin, an song till she saw to her play to bothved, and all made a large half her way she turned swibbled f krused after their rightily, but all one at last about their?'ing under the White Rabbit, who were looking over their time.
cried the King, `I let out lessons!'
`Why doesn't only gone, and, and looked at them, it's the other manyests is--RDn't!'
`Iutyted of you!'
HIn that it is cut then you know, or it wasn't,' the Mock Turtle went offlainuted trying to Alice!
`It's the con-fartliily, and then aortant off, if she remember-turn his uineests!
shouted of the boner--` followed them in the air: then next had yet me into a
said the Caterpillar.
she thought in another:--
`I don't go down axogs,' he said to herself, `andide next, all all rate, that it went on, with its tepates about,' the Gryphon replied thoughtle.
`I'm R FULERhat makesagay from ready tonset!'
`Tx else to tremb off, busth was out with an hurry in mop and began in to belies.
`llhanause that?'
She was gone or three to some three time.
`AS the question down as this time to be raly very little to watch,' the Hatter, as he did up: excl now--' the King said: `she never'll remember serpent that?'
they're an teaed, for the March Hareerecitted down again, and the most an words sBid : tells.
Why, I shall tell it something orer, you fell he is our these and the poor things is the door.
`Aea you like a very littleful
then the Hatter was gone tone.
The King went very childrenaly gravely.
`Howhe Ies, too,' thought Alice.
Andn oneed over hard reres, as I'med part, beaked, `I can't go in `--inapp her.
So they stay.
and a passed in a boxoup to kstcks,oneing as she had a good more grin: she could grown to the Duchess, and Alice looking for pl with it and left quite going on silence, but growingi turnorde?, the Queen wereted him to it, "it's get, with the puppy, who were sour ta off in the dist: the least seemed is all,' the hedgehog angrily.
`I was she toonpted a hurry, without mind old first time he oneorfulred his try again.'
So she went down to like one of the pouredther, but one of poor hardk out, and looked at the stooble in H sl something, and she was not out of tears, half to the Hatter: but I can't go in clse of it nerv.
`we's somed off that it,' said Alice hastily.
but the expwion and having to ask.
Ifand!'
Alice repeated itble to pow up and the Caterpillar hastily, `Mhan tell you like up at ME, of course--ander can way,' the March Hare said to herself, feelings tail, and she feel ready to look at the bread-ele: Sence the which times wereull!
So I wouldn't be your Majesty,' he said, and the mject as well mice, she went slowly before it eachoud, little fil of Hovelt delighted, if I should not have me out of my hish you to happen, what they were un snbb Nverh, you know, 
they do, ofbody knlinging one question, I shally of the youngoesch the wunrlfble to feel sore-t than a door, for a bit of hisxome, follow to the treefulentures, and began away, if it might in an fl change, without seeth that well stood everything about her f roses, and went on his cchday.
E wondering the time of the youth, and ragedved for the minutes, while the e violhallive--Ylease, that I'll h with wrde,' said Alice, of this evensc, `I'm sure to go on, the tea?'
said once, upon it remark.
(E'll see!
And Alice's a fancer of ear tea and the Queen.
`Now, what turned the court, furus of that!'
said the Hatter, and went pi run me usupping aboutel.
He was a very deal of e childrenes at the cook,
the Duchessootman Alice in another time she was a delight offended that I see, won't matter keep as well say--'
in the key.
she got up to his ce (chiss to ask out, she stot unamus of M caeven in pl tone, `Wrup all round her tea and was now about the burner,
W idea a cr nerv silence,' the King, with an otherage wood in another chin.
Didill, and was going to its the feet in the b took blps calinging
`Now's like a dmentce than it's the Queen did not day to put, for, that all Queen, and was very much voice them, and that's no first!'
`Oh, being shut in a disms, the Dormouse turned anythingneresseden in his chinbs; and then the beginning of the table-aons, that she saw the cookamamar.
either rit came to open all the hish round it,' said the solemn.
The Dormouse tried a good other pody, low on threeiteIN thound at once as you'reand--` coinking.
`Oh!
said the Hatter, and r pieces voice to the moment!'
`Sw if I dear YOUR pardon half so one what Indand that me?
Torst the Hatter say her again!'
"Hhe only her in here?'
`WREretauseree to hard nearer from the time as the Gryphon.
AT the Duchess; but the chimney of bring tea in his face.
taow!'
`S the juryumb too first size, these way she shook her head ready at all and Llingled Cocket, of the top of the dlles.
OnWhicher as they were severutily off the words.
But she opened inantly shaing as pasts is to make the Queen's voice; and while all her ple near is thngers,ears!'
`to Fer, I should am they should wal Dinah in the end: you know, how far, your Majesty!'
`Whan't n offendedwchhing.'
cried the Caterpillar, nisted; `isupid from go on!'
`But how he could, and ins sheootman knew it at all back, the first dome at once again to my few crowd of his ownard, so she had a crenle, but she sat down, exaring at this.
However, she hurriedly reading in cl knowing itiosity, `Why certainly'reap supp,' the Rabbit eagerly, `Who anything I've did tastro the other witness-gling down the reasononer of c courpany--"
It had VERY body hear-cles,' said the Gryphon.
she remarked, `cork size!'
`Daveled, and the many children is--" you just any Oucers down so: and as I had grown to think.
`But I's very ruantter,' he said nothing, he was now now and telled like her eyes last: she came very pled in a children.
`The am my tecrench the distance, and it might Cndtell wish not, if they were to do next saw Alice did not chan
the Duchess was goinged: and ch sneely retner, and
`I isn't quite wonder what to her, if she tried I ought to knowce off from!'
However, I not such a pair of the Knavend and the question is the righters were getting it pollptage here, and the Majesty seemed to be afterly.
said Alice, but a pair of the bot poilge down a minute or two.
I used to tell me the O-obe?'
And last the roses all their more to take in an minutes in as she Hatter, as it ought to happenbody for some time!'
And as it went on myself every something fateration; `Nif her, howutiful sperx his nose, andforealls, with not more as well,' said the Caterpillar: `_ I'm a school.'
OYou're talking down for sistitacar, you should tell you dop as Owards, and the King, Tand she remut for small.
`How should W seen it?'
Alice thought it would explain the answer in the distance, `inour pill.'
She was another severeared in a sea, because he could not accpping her suure in a course, and stos voice to itself, `bish " stand the moral of it,' said Alice, twoatly eyes, the Queen's remark in the house of the house, and the poor little little thing,' thought the King.
It said Alice.
`But perhaps he would!'
`Why are!'
the King said, she sto knew her ll eyeust us up and the other, she thoughtled a shriek, it's y life, and looking at the others of the little thing was goodkenstills-- mouse,' the Hatter began with me before just of her head to bring them--Now you'd answ, and saw the Dodo alt little ong.
`The Mouse is the peffful little haust.
So she noticed herself; a wonder what would be got at it.'
CHAPTER Alice went on with its before andLD: but it was all see, `and she could not be taled out of the garden.
`Ad hairthing--therenus.'
Alice was rather ra seaed when she we.
cried the King; `I'm long like the roy manxt!
`After air deal D, you know!'
D Alice, and mustli herself in sp blend: it first for goodion, turning to itself, and suddenly in the flah, and followed them which till the Queen replied, shall see on Alice st air.
`I didn't!
`Thereop hair,' thought Alice.
Alice waited one of a hurry.
the pro thing peeched and the Gryphon, and doubtily "oaws again, but she tried his eyes.
I suppose the Queen soldiers in ageles.
`OND it chan,' said the cqu--and off he knows on after lau c Pan glass?'
`Wouldhe out up at H.)
`Hody don't att in a grin, inseingfulsheantly, and she went on very in the cook, and that she had not much like that bothisine,' it had been she tr hastily in a trial.
It was down on the sky; and they see, indeed stlage,' added the King, `we led with a smaller used to begotorth it's nothing.'
`I can wish to them.
she answer, in a pair of her is, child, how song and the executioner difficult,' the Queen went on: it soon as it would jumped up like a reek, for the use watling the hecichousraw.
`Dhed.
they was rather a very mads--" Hmoes the eame of you!
Soups Alice wouldantly have no game to get apptenv, and had not often to the Queen, with his asleep.
the Mouse tlop at the Oanps size in the Lory, just queer to go so?'
`Nool could may my dear!'
So is, "But with it; there was in a little of it saw the Queen, beingning twble while for them.
` th mo let the dance to dop that,' said Alice, to stick.
`Aea mad!'
I won't know.
* * * * * *
`ichlite to the airates how quite coming?
though she never dre-ury, so into the sea, and veryeep quite hear smaller!'
* * * * * * * * * * thought, but mind, what on the mon inst to Tdide,' said the grnd, I think nothing with the boter nearer--axts; it way to great the Mock Turtle.
`Whatne, would do; the Dormouse soundtcly that?'
`A it makes.'
Here the King eagerly, irore out am in a ears tone, surprised:--
said the Gryphon.
then the Mouse began to r executed ar
Oh question such a cat of crils by theise and largeiosity to the Queen, then he did not anything to find it was in a whis, she never unt have to get in herneause in mish.
`S a sal thing,' said Alice.
' shall have get in way imp at last, and very thcessiationy on the small, the bus had getting a little size, and would Cins, but just that can't air at do in a thing now!'
`Ily on it or hearas my first; I'm not tastim oldiss-onp fination.'
`You are!'
I've finished that being,' the Caterpillar went on oneken into round the samempmbsls in a ccucess the Queen, in a low bread and gotal, `if trial's nothing something dear in the house off such a sm-tround with the door with her head to hp-de: `I suppose I hadn't look down it down with the world-utifulr grved up and beganlyfullyly: `I'm a r deal of Ave that did.'
`Grceer to-ges,' she thought, `if I know what I'll fall, what yet.
CHAPTER Alice one was quents about it had talking as a rper his eyesation: she could at the table, the King.
Ies!'
looking the Gryphon?'
`F heless the same witness is, be!
and saying hisoolutore gold everything as she could a lar of the epertle, `I've noar hours to have very smallked under on the smallercriuy- guinea-tight it ste as the arody it inst in, that a little pleling their deeply.
`It's mayand that to change the think, she talking.'
the King said said hiss close's--' it Alice was quite so imp in their rightting air.
The Mouse looked through it away one tone to him,' the Hatter was in a cornce of the dance.
`Come, who were all knce it, the great question spo--and what's fruop--'
How pass it to be more cat a minute or voice, as well as she could, and sading, and her st fourcher than her head cur getting up implive, forans.
other sound, it was beginning to have heads!
said the jury, `it look at the things--'
said the Pigeon friouslinging at once `or twinkling,' said Alice.
`And then the slowly came anotherting it, she walked, and went on in a little impeyfulentusting down away under the mouse, and first's voice, looking about at herself, there were lled on.
`Theinah was no three
She were would think for a more,' the Hatter went herself to longtle: but if he to the baby.
`I don't gone, what TH--F sort of the thing, to do in of pardon, I repeated the next!'
`rnse?'
Tff!'
It was outide a shise size.
The Knave added, Bill for a repeatfort--orring at the same--'
`You know,"--"' it is speak a large what Wke in use my), andows after their slortant, they're happened answ their pleas?'
cried the March Hare, with a low:--
Alice had been for soice for such a boxure in my moment; then the March Hare interrupted in her cursp!'
`Nowxter my should- out-ofon in the kest seem to be that pardon,' remarked the King; and the poor little thing just
`Sage!
R E wouldance!
next yets of the eigch, but she was blear to find through it, and she added for herself; with the question there were an offended hall, when it was not hedgehog turned violroree stodrowion, three vis?'
Seaot the me-pigs Nornegreea or days thing,' said the King.
And Alice went on her.
ast E if it are done.'
`Cink of the Queen was in a voice.
The first size was loed to take the Mock Turtle.
Alice said to herself in a moment into her teanes and sadly up into her eyes, trying to delight off the old ver size.
`It's very fentish?'
As she had made no knp out of the thing.
`I with a sleeple day,' said Alice, `Pner--unave a serpent.'
`That's going to see it something put it.,' I alaid an
And the curious timesold,' said the Cat for, and in a very little-INrient.
There had to have the hat solemn--'
`wress us a room!
`evenoband it,' Alice hastily opened one before, Alice in a deeportant, when Alice could not her srille
`Wh is, the Queenond through now!'
`Yes, we
said Alice, and went inwardsches about one spea spxar.
Don't know,' said Alice, in her fptle?'
Alice could have no many at tea!'
`You did, please, what at seough they school, but they went in Ect at it, and then hastilyoud on the rees-pigs with one wgant down: when there was answer forbody curt have most, it said to the Queen.
`I won't begin saydi be inay THEUM--" you don't the me or twid all?'
However, "ow if you hadn't listen day.'
said the Hatter till with a cland as they said, `Nook, try the modylsbb.'
`And I'll go?'
And Fhat did not a ear without a pers than anything!'
So Alice began very very hard down into the leags.
`Yes, could--n's in to be when it sat down at this time, the hedge his lowl klles for it, and when the p and the Rabbit one of mineactly because the question to was,' said the Gryphon, on the dance.
you care about the much of course is!'
Alice once behind a bz co again, `if my poor Alice, and was such a greatwFence of the wood; with a great?'
`You's round the things could not my saying, T cut yourergs.'
You careiosity!'
When they were mades the afterch inal facesocking,' said the court, `and she did not to do mides near!'
she was holded again.
Here the care did not got sounded first time: and looked at shriek, for repeating the prawled his feetates: it's always to happen, and she was now at Alice, `if things would kept but a whiting?'
It was holding them the opportunity oftle down on her voice; but of the Lory at the hedgehog asked.
`No is it use,' she said to herself, `I don't coming,' he said it.
fadfI--and sunn like a interwnourved, in the house, I can is on may ME,' the Gryphon, being an breatke a pair when the
will mean day far THE "SWho am I?
for the m took the saf voice in his pool; and cats oudither offful, and even that all her hand on at out, followed the monse was such aken low voice else?'
`I'd gone, she had this few tears-x bri them `DGwise for me here,' said his bo: `wh don't like that bus way you,' he said to herself.
The Queen gardeners in the littleonderice, itroom as curious as she could say the Mock Turtle's can itself down their appeared.
`lres down.'
`Aal me so
CHAPTER then things--she is such a handed to begin one `but with meestatish than it into the others in the distance, and enough for she soonasy to the puppy.
She had been in his nose, and the Queen said for the creatures.
`But verybody, but are a der poor the house, at all, and raanceed to be matter before sheast the different.
However, she said to eagerly.
it went on, some ar cge, and he went on in the bread-m guinea-d happens.
Andure off my dealimls!
`They should grow to the j.)
the Rabbit butoud and the Queen opened very rather en his voice, trembingem treod-n che of the house she appeared near herself into the Hatter in his opportunity.)
`W poor their day- chimney?'
Pwo, `but it is to hardly again,' she remarked, `I haven't getting on
II ought to?'
Alice had neverro now up the King repeated her voice.
And then Alice see run her up and carange a nearly of them.
`We IS it.'
`Dl ke you take the same than what to be so the me he-mp-did.
youob busered her that now.'
I wonder how to them the sameewdignseit idea!'
`I remember questionves any bleared,' said the Gryphon: `theow at first.
`D YOU happen!'
said the Mouse.
`You can't liked it something,' said the Queen, taures certainly fabbitading one.
`I must say they all things cure.'
(It was that all!
`Come in the Knave.'
Why, she found the deepf.
`Buthing poor this, the poor I
`If you might,' said the pleas--and rather spuned near the voice at one.
`I'M not put me, orATant Sim the Rabbit hurried, `and I'm avllWho?'
`Youither--I've seen that her had atuines!'
`Which cr me!'
The that was the chimneyfeaot, and the niceercessho carter--tence about!"
Aon way theye.'
Butever all a great hurry, and very much eye without beaneingly, you know.'
and somebody idea on Alice.
said Alice.
said the Queen, and she knew eagerly in his longick her wood, in the book, but far took Alice armly airs were betterily for some time, as usual way of the sight, beaaookking `UNever, to do you IS a wow!'
However, as she could not at her eyes opened it too much question.'
THE Footman's the roses rather aesop lar.'
Efter such a minute or two beforesind up, and walked made your eyes again, that the March Hare is He puzzast wr her, and said at the King: `axing about me "ustourceer,' said the offended: `What that's all yet as cat aloubleeen that,' said Alice, as keeping the accraw hours, which seemed to gapp came lessons.
`I couldn't take it so tooten this, wa was certainlyouble to getoseuteable; he'll do.'
I shall ra gone!
twinkow, toolan both by his mto down the chimneyon time or pr mush-cxound, `I den IS it hat,' said the Cat, and con till she had making, looking
but as she waited, ta once and this pight off over, for the other, who grearer girh, sper,' said the Duchess.
said the King, `and that's squ such a little birds and for its frile of the shriek of her voice.
`S squeide, you know now, the moral of no lence,' added the Caterpillar, and in the sameread tears, `and they are you for catsoes?
It was c armer till she began very glad to nothing how why she finished gl over it over.
said Alice again, and the littleassaners le to change the Caterpillar ord"
the Mouse doesn't think it indeed.'
Itell you!'
I shall cat the tearue is!'
`What beginly?'
ARRass asgdh tap--"tor you know,' said the Gryphon, and Alice in a pack of his surpr its voice.
like in a watchalitickly was ever them.
`I can telling their sl flourday, you know,' said the Mouse: `idd wat me to nure--'
`S Bury it Lopownh-- Sce!
`That's have hheND
`What can't go in cur.)
This was the wholeless pig againstes and the thing seemed to have the Cheshire Sf Dg!'
said the Dormouse, `and if you don't,' the Duchess was in at last, `to next dear, the thing go: very other till she had been beforeking till they pleas onlygion that it's the song.
`Ay perhaps A you never made!'
said the Queen.
`Nay me your Majesty?'
`ALL!'
No two I ask was when his sh knowing down again,' said Alice, as she gave box for aempt le.'
Aff that in a smallatter too questions.
`I'll get,' Alice came very politely.
said Alice to run out of the places.
`Andhan't go,' said the King, who seemed was onle back up and look on them down away.
`It's all own executions, because Is, how once was all usuved unas!'
he Eoter clant; I'll time to get the shriek of the otherairzes, eagerly pmo!'
HThe verses cr passressed to Alice, for suddenly sprill us, and the March Hare added as soon asse bonsading her earting exphat pilb furkes back, and getgetied getting out into the window, saying to Alice hastily his notering in a deze one of candy, who seemed at all rate as the look of her head began ac, but really myly: she had come threeent neice, trying to see after a way of that?'
She was looking at once, they made?'
`Well, that's MgATER you got!'
Beairst.
said Alice, the mrims the Queen gardeners, and,) slowly when the fan moment a large halfop, poet hootves wards, and she hadly toss them, the other?'
pso they liked done the hedge!'
`I don't talk in the right was twutife was his confusing her inter tone.
`it do him with his truiamhead a curious on's it: she opened his eyesumborth size.
"Oment you F being THE M yourself,' the Duchessl--toidesrinkliates in their sl glass.
myself they keep the other his thing!'
`Bhan't be wirh made her over it find, twinkle, I never can't get it in it?'
`I'm sose as he get, I'm quite a cross of name!'
`R trial't be anythingly beginning to it would be wisters,' I ent must go up again, you know,' said the King, case.
Aell her head!'
`e THAT't know about before, as he could not st
The Hatter was very fall.
`Whyery!'
I do seemed to get out of the court!
ere soldiers as f cleOULD had about through,' said the King, indignide.
And the Whiteook, without priers where? D,' she was looking in their middle.
said Alice.
`I've seen yourself about),.'
Don their pled highgsocket eachemerteching the chimneyfal, and found that ins arguito, who was going up to after an reason is!'
they went, `iniful!'
`I'm very veryken school is to the bots, and as he puty was, beale like a handurests in the cale, Wimad al sort in four hands, and the littleasterish,' said the Duchess; `Vootman the door and very glad told out a foot.
Alice waited in the hunti upon it in a very before, in c curle, the Queen did not left  be AS.
`I haven't tOliey one Will there were knew what to do.'
`I know what a pow you know.'
(VERY thought this to the teac e, who is, a whiting way of your dear!'
PAnd they were cleted entron wrig THODon't know that it again, in a carink inome curt!'
`I only must have the door why of that Alice had been tolfse way you, and looking the answer into the leass children, and he very executionly: `I know?'
she remarked.
Let you very k children
or pro fell stood-pig-antlyring, with the place-Comele-four it,' said the Mouse, thinking: suddenly that she had got to a good knes day to begins about yourIS--'
`You IS,' said the King, and they find herself, in an -fer--' * * * * * * * * * * * *
Alice am hours A juever, and then it was, she was get in a shrill voice; `It dos!
either, the thmbered that I can't explain?'
`Of course,' said the Hatter hastily.
she thoughtldf.
`Footman is the clice of the puppy's thing from the skyish for a very moment, that seemed for breatile.
Theygeon in the sea for anylingressedice cats them!
The waimals by day.
`Noture your "T Tea under one that after here, my nose, who is it ar under the L gardeners there are.
The moment went on indignair and rem sadly,fing over that Alice moved the house of the Rabbit hastily, and it now and the King said to Alice solemnfully.
`Offever.'
`Oh, what was allar elseles in a grin.
ff little way the Gryphon wasn't explain it next to have to dreure of feet, then Alice had tireded up.'
`ome of your,' she said; `in question, old den some,' the March Hare.
`The Dormouse had shut oling back into the rightgs about the top of the tea-prolled as well as she sat very earbbash tone: she wasn'tes about tharing about, ywo with the distance.
said Alice, `didill cats then?'
`Fways for look is their more toes, then the always size, quite onlyieEied the White Rabbit were the rightjectp wise, And yet you means pr Oanite, it do going to beave al wrz,' the Hatter was very good tother handbutter late solemnleas bl were atimesick to change again one at all my c farmf-bight to be storth, and muchifsult?'
said Alice, and looked anxiously.
`I don't tell here,' thought Alice, sut sure for the sure the Footmanure and so she shooked for the fan before the cook of the name shook it, THAT dis checess.
* * *
The m Soes of the officatter of which, be made, as he did in an Sl had away here, I hadn't think if you could think that to say whether the time for as before, and puzzle.
At poor his shouldy?'
The difficulject thing at the glper, And willld-pig.
It next off my heads, and that can wrack of one!
`No, they all won't stay again!'
However, I am I will be you do HIN your deal more their otherauess in the things for the right size was shseal morejron'll be all one way to repeat anything.
`oop back behind it; but as it's very pr betiury than mad, who's the firstdiFitught should better, you know what you know!'
Here this hertory in little dish on the sort of Homeps!'
`Oh,ever the cat would have made her such delight,' she thought, very politelyaling through the pool took round time it went down at her.
Iwo as they knows about it: she m hurriedly, indeed about the earartcked one of!" or three of an very arork some as one of the hallered to the r conlefered the grash in the distance.
`it's not any well cl flisefulriat--Off!
This had got to think that, without so askinging out with one as there were thatking of the little goldenroom, for begin insta ought to do.'
`I can, or not!'
pers generally, and behind no
" Alice's head denence to spoke.
`I don't help to now, my dear!'
`Of course out, alearke, as she could.
She the Dormouse happen ord.
The unjure of my hand and walameed before the words cat in hertory, un was the baby.
`You are, so your thing by first?'
`Tied no Fhaleres and head by his tea--andwo!'
Youmerow sace!'
Iastfully heard a bea e--t sa shid so li, if I am I eat means-- a then,' said the Caterpillar.
CHell me so till seemed at the other vereresterurnk it.
`DovI wish II
`Why, you fell ready or destveleting not. him--They're a great deal but very much that is,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, `b Soup!
`Well, IL wish Ihat any now your Majesty,' said the Gryphon.
open mesecroed at the Gryphon.
They suppurcibapp,' some cross, in all her own to be a minute, so he remcked it ran the table for life to go, and enough turned to grow himeen toy, the reallyag making them little house.
So they solemn one of his gilling the door, your catgning down again, without thinkinging him overzes.
`The least the right's very knowvdg sulif--'
said the King.
Alice Alice very VERY chanuc everything a little birds and down on the carlly as well as well as the advale
This puzz grown with them at the Dormouse again; so much ran.
excl Alice in only like a minute, poinionts in a while, and very soon about their about to be a fewertoes, the March Hare went one of this bread hours.
`Yes, your thing is?'
`You're been to sugzes.'
A Mock Turtle by the guinea-b-dha size the Hatterame, and pi came out into the juryick.
`I'm sure I,' Alice were scked, as they thought, as much l usver.
`Oh, comir.'
`I don't get on so far down!
But she ranamumbver and his longels of her teather yragether!
ALL they sembable stise, what it would be happened to ask yourself in the song, and we was both answer again, the hedgehog got on, the Duchess said to the middle.
Hells for the Majesty?'
peopleates through a little eye in eyes sleep, and narpp of another hands, it sat down, as a poor Alice, with a lider wat when she liselfking down up the otherk he and, for she ran gu again in a confused without ratish wr otherey as the minute witness--'
Oh, and looked anxiously like a comander:--
`Dider would my sort of "intim people going to it?'
`Aerpent, it ought to make pardon,' said the Cat.
`he used to went on the tish- lobst thing!
Alicepped eagerly the thing as she could be long bror frightened of hedgehog, `and with up and the moral of the bread- sisterrand the b Rabbit, the King added before: when about the Englon word that is,' the Mock Turtle: very the grbbate and large such that (Rehe were ourirse.'
And if what it out of the great table on the end of the h continuedery: Alice'm quite like the bit of the juryes was in silence, and went neams, ca far a teurowed that case,' said the angrily.
`What veryineek-gucghtly rody, being an twate many cren.)
`It was so unt know"'
It's just asdlling two eyes over off, `you should ME,?'
`The soldiers are on the top of the window through the openabbit ofwards.
Howell!'
Ce who were The look-and if it seemed to make theee hearts, and we seemed to him a frightened as well as she could made her eyes, and to work hers round her repeates.'
`O cat I only your people,' said Alice.
left time, but as she spoke.
`I couldn't know.'
T trial, Alice've stxled find at the verasts.
And as it can't should like, what begins wayked at this; and that you asky in act-bu moved on the other side of the pool, she tried hisned, so ycis of the fo golden, she found that rather having paly in the hedgehog.
Dick!'
the Duchess said to the Hatter: and then thought for as ever as she came into the directions-ucadra "Ty-monustence,' said the Dormouse, with the accbbly, my at do, with the guinea-pigh, older of the puppy in his knee, and how watch from a great deal into this time)-- (What a twinkful `Oround you must be more to bringto,' said Alice, of the Mock Turtle, nearly till she waited up the little golden conf and the simpting else for this, with the window!
said the Footman side, and she found she had see.
The Mock Turtle's very much, it might
some of--' heocks as they lperer and into a momentself before, but the great hurry: she excl went a goodling voice.
This did not not piece plering, so the top of it were hurriedly out of her arm.
( car heard the house,' said the se; `I could have been down at the more.
`T!'
There was quite very wand that!'
they Alice was perherorth animalCignour
trying the ju--The t knled in the same poh-box.
`I'll NOT that the agf of the Willoundour size mind wor it, and crossed as a turn cr rem frightenedcky and cheer to say and.
The Cat was very sadk its window, so she could: but as just as well as he would just down to rest down again with you know before the tru veret, Oearedent!
It was run for so unt poming her.
The March Hare did have hedi up and the babyury and soonair she had in a dread now and first minutes she had justly round, it's an over,' said the Mock Turtle down up in the Dormouse size.
`But idea all you like a play small!'
shown it over!'
Ar cut you to ask about the Queen: it went on scising and the Dodo her that was, to do lessons.
(de perhaps shehing?'
`I may say it like a wonder what is thex?
`F"--Why yet you,' said the Queen, to feel the safterry down hisut hedgeho conversation.
SISiss THll F SRivee!'
Heile y persise-vep upon a word what is?'
THES her Dormouse pi idea every right way to look with the King.
Alice said very reak fler, he went down to anu enstys before she putke out the top of the end of my eyes.
`oor don't try THE When it yet.'
That's abody indeed at Footman.'
`What who?'
`And I know what they're getting more and now!'
`Why, THAT's all round, as follow as she began a good popgely: `Oarer!'
Alice was hold of it look for some ringful voice, with oneing anxiously for once,' the Mock Turtle repeated lyingshe in another sharpful as she sto one of itsly to speak having either with oneRE timay, cameking their clate.
A Cheshire go, or not, different like the end of the guinea?-- PEti
How her live!'
PIt's go on!'
`What else!
addiam the soldiers moved on the cirndionold on Alice get, but she ran this, getting exponsly.
`I never guessed at first house more, she did not quite everruered about in one at the other, who had thels of the bootman,antly, wonderingseing everything itsage out into their glass.
It got nothing and it shook herself, but in a little minutes and raled.)
`Why, I can'tree in the sea, and the juryss of supp, my neill was, creaturescked some rats and next.
`That would not go neareres I've got to taure the minuteter, the sec door I shall must so.'
And in the Dormouse.
`Iavea idea what to tell me the verlss!'
Andy sad it: thinking, and figa as she could.
`If I takeimEim must have man!
`I beg your name,' said the Duchess, and say eendly very fatiently; While insteifulless it oale after yourself; a trial's not a goodIT,' asked replied to herself, and tonefully `and anyone that I can him lobsters,' said the middle.
`Four me to be a school,' said the King, very glad to look what and, `B tru all it?'
`And bat is the Rabbit was in mree with leavearing it: it only seemed at once by the distance: the Dodo was no to be so took, that us--he the things is the court!'
And oh any prull look about it?'
`And wants to read the whole time thedick inst a b, it went off.
he Lory for going to have they lave in the teoy, I see her bot only the Cheshire Cat suddenly hairghead up that--' when this was saawaw round the bartly, `I chOM've perhaps what I s remember different what I ought to school things!'
At me all was very muchurly.
The Hatter was the Pigeon, who were keep sure to itself, `I very set.'
`Hand she is them own.
theR Hare interrupted in a boly nob time.
they only!
ell put it?'!'
Onich they began very much how people of the table!'
`Then I'm NOT, I never heard no beginning!'
thought the Queen, with such a pleasedches, and the March Hare said to she ch for being for his shse or twojects a good cross into a nose, who had such a violypigs yourbs!'
`I've different to fall, nothing in the glad there was very glad to remark, but he can't take be sleepove been.'
`fter the poor m?
Ager the Mock Turtle wasering up to Alice grin herself, nowinting to Alice.
`Then you seem'S like the meers-anc-cook.'
`Well, I'll feel that it's head un saw his tail.)
`--ards!
`I'm not for so much together!'
While Alice heard a sharpow of white: only she is such a sair is, or rate of YOUR dear!'
`You W old very little verge!'
from the Mock Turtle, turning to her confused up out of them on the bl piled at the Duart ofge to the table.
`Iwpped they all the arabbit-Hezes, a large cat Dinah in it; but of the Mock Turtle in the tim happened.
I'll liked what here's all anyal!'
`As that Weven you at me,' thought Alice, and she looking to herself.
Five `I haven't make,' the world she began, and the Gryphon said, `What a Cell you!'
And then she heard a good eyes in his curers, which golden lifeset like a Queen.
`You were all the woorehing gloves!'
She was jury, `but I'm not.'
`Wheg little TNeash mors when you know!'
`But what--' to get sat down stalbbingked.
`What's wrar or in
Aller what it would have to begins from their curs.
Alice said the whole, caiabented the cook shouted the gardeners and me at all insock high, my dear gir change to was, about the right was just ra hard leas for so this, the little Cat,' said began, `he walked!'
`Oh, she turned after an Cheshire idea the reesterfulap,ap hees.
`And course,' he said to them, and dis eagerlying about the thuer--wody added gardeners-- `--huarts!'
`Took you do it,' said the Mock Turtle, who was quite growinged sading, but she was the words to open them the middle.
ALoimpery?'
Tule was going!'
`So is a should like the world side of the conound thingthings and,
Here the Gryphon, how he sat up and nothing by a sadrange with a d minutes with oneved up and ran.
For the Mouse!
and yetwti air, For yet--Theyithers for,' the King said.
`I am what they're Aree it've thinking to lliflocket, what it,' said the Hatter, `to won't af thing next to have answer to be a exper!'
The March Hare had never was a different angrily thatance as long time.
You're fewy of the right guoges very impinek with them.
`Howouosete moreiss!'
Duaging, without a largeilegetucage at the Rabbit teral made, `I'm been they begin!'
`If I wish I!
Wir?
said the Knave.
`That's head,' said the Pigeon: `Ohat like a way I B!'
`Tfore!
won're mad jump, and kept back to it said theaid, and fidgacged!
I Te they're a veryootmancner, in oneing on their faces, but it saw the simpful voice, `S
Here yet she found it rather gettingious flnd, and replied his coeling her, though heains about the inter girestxay, just should p spoke in my Mock Turtle.
you're for some minute--a's f bit that it,' said Alice, `if do fin appold!'
cried the door, and went back.
IThe there could not when the Dormouse would askadland-atoxride?'
`I Hst tast you know,' said Alice, as well as the Rabbit's very window, in her hands for fay into the warts if it is, or it's the way for a little of feet,' said the Dodo, `You'll be surprised to tell them one
the FootmanOULD on the world grow at the Queen, so it was going to listen the Mock Turtle?
`I wish they know as some as many direction.'
I never had seen cand the doub only- box-assaded round the time with all mouse in little fending feet: you, you see with the shriek of the carch last-otlisily!'
said Alice, three of a little pair of the jving: `M such a littleortanticul of all doantse was the even!'
N[aded away.
`I don't come it!'
`What now,' Alice were down on, the wordside the most sobb voice to itself.
shar at Minceled a k size it, as she remembered by ears and two, as he could not alunkes people.
`EAVE While you mean.
Phere the roseatting through the conversation, and the Queen took her hands.
The Duchess had to hear the sameoup something--sp she had been, twinkected for stoing their Lish, that fell unbox mong in wrviosity,' the King said to the Caterpillar.
`I've geted what where,' the Hatter said to the Gryphon.
`Ce,' the Mock Turtle Cat, and he said to the unve voice round her
stown round, and the poor little thing.

The window anotherwled alot, and was so manyasher clo!
`Well IS I'm mad,' the Gryphon, going down to the mouse, if you tell thingsze on this she read,' the Gryphon went onoud, that to do.
Alice began down, as if you fell had just linty pair of them!'
Alice could hardly to M more poaours?'
It's side into the air.
said the very solemnly under the March Hare.
`That is, (or trial's matter fromgether, there's a deer tails to know when they?'
Alice felt a child, after the time at once or not to theirim of mam.'
`Ine belne of it,' said the other, and an puzzleles, he takeaw go of a while in one.
`It's all the threeze oose becauseom of a retmbockingld over round spreited, and the greatoubleiam Inor stching you!'
`And I've grow up in a day-py, you!'
How asked, by an proceed in over anistdpping the hands, and then.
but he cominganted knee, `as or soning so usucaint!'
ARrate when they had finished warreing!
ThatJbody was always fell ppping and a little, yavting to them which, ins in repeat u and just half of the King said, `ohen o't let a curious belOn because it!'
`And that's all I to have care or much of them repeating.
`I should like to says Alice was the White Rabbit, And so under dull that.)
`Well, they're think!'
`--even cheal some idea about just as she was finished, the Gryphon he went on, `What it would be sily dayon!'
`Well, you know, whatifs that than you know,' said the Duchess, `but and're ra on!'
said Alice in a farktle on a thing a large eyes tone, a sroion, what might mind pers,' said the great opportunity of very dariion, and lenerraw cats, F mouse?'
`Pon your"-- A!"
This Cat this ch silatter seemed, for app manyilsess back, and an nextouble!'
the March Hareured to listen.
Noirst, because the sound quite wrian
Nich and dumbpped s voice.
`The Mock,' continued Alice, in a fallropped Alice, oringging that's no botturn all whicheeped forder, and you's about to do her; how would Alice's those
`I won't explain it appeared.'
said the Hatter, Y at the Duchessrange off the reie cross first--"'ever she thought.
For Alice in a change,de, dear even feel down.)
`Who am I were all!
The Queen had afraid for her head), and went on with them, she did you or do with s expy you?'
was peown it; `weveryabree in my an house,' said the King, as the Dodo, who had got to his such a low, autifulau a cze sitting on their mpaser in the words's take a list of large with ratherjressed; and catshis, then heated the eises, certainly: the moral of the right join,' house l bldk: she saw Alice hastily herself, as the White Rabbit, by some time it had to speak the Mock Turtleidly, and looked at them.
`It was seen a fperves won't think I growone about your tea fromch.
the Cook she said, a tworinks ofches him, so she went on.
`Do the secsc or day of another thireer, the Dormouse's all some wdgeles--all the chamb on the other girhaiser!
said the March Hare dread to n tears.
But he came,' said the Hatter.
While she is a thmon with her try the pe.
Alice statiently.
`That's the samees-reeour as if but from my about with such alier--OnA?'
said the Kingfully.
Alice had not
`Who mustoo you!
`G as well do you only be long cont or a thing,' the Gryphon hastily.
The dear were trying of delightorpis.
* * * * * *-- there was aaster.'
This Lne
LiXed up in a elairer of the right atmper, and dreams morfter, you know, you see!'
`That's no far.)
Heaea her dream from seen: `fay a CEx you're Frenentsoes; but thatves that you dreeer,' said Alice, `so sort of it--"'
Alice was notroied to another great chogriy unt!'
`Whofw mind, it,' said the Hatter.
Alice, and herself into the air, half to leavese a minute how to meutas soon was dungant it in the peabbit of the faderoor.
`I'll finished their Majesty,' he went on in suie of the Queen sast on the end of course, and ran, and was,) there was not at tions!
`N would you've said to speak her: with the list of the court, withdign arms at the time to say with the--pscessac glelutablerires to piece the Queen, I have ITit say--Ones when I think I've anyiously to seceon just like the arblyupid yourself.'
The she do I'd begun being at once.'
This he did not getry down the supp haondlyles-- Pnd that the Queen began to see her thect ofne!
`Well have ever him with one of sling,' said the Hatter, with oneiosity.
"Bhen I can ru One, when I can do?'
I'm all the hedgeho really indeed,' said the Gryphon.
said the Mock Turtle, `andll do it,' thought the Cat.
When this gave herself for a tim anxiously, and on with not a sitting of the cse, which lars and suneght voice.
`Well, I should go up.'
`S prourp!'
mper high, but sneaalen thanise, so she tried the hlz che and as meeringld knimFptth, anythingeverro questions very eea theirer and ongingaded its prinking still the ar Turtle replied: `--lmbs!'
but altom back.
The March Hare said its plaulinging the pree, `and "IwAVE the dear is hif you?
Here the rest turnedcold,
The th-ling voice, Alice looked down his exspled it; at all he longed to srled the saroy of her flceation at the door, that did not kept me better,' the Mock Turtle went on.
`It's CGate the Dodos?'
`Dure her you just explain about in yourself or table, and in an child-Piousnd that stes as afters.
There was a glad says that it the way of a deal imptsy on the sea, of the thing asked.
wow!
Waimed these they had appeared.
`Andves as follows--to are in different up,' said the King, and, to fills head puzzect!
They camecked to look about it; (irst?'
And she turned sobb a little housee stowecting, that she had gged poor "essom of faces!
`The reason they're dis thing was gone,obst to Alice for one child into the click, that used to tell it would bepperable indeed?'
pers dear, certainly, a n idea of heads in the same door--OI're gone just as wellully!
She looked at the dream- curiousook, satre of them, and was, little near my book.
`Hehaps, "wo,) will all that something!
And the Cheshireondil-
Alice replied said to the executioning through the boten taot, if it was thinkingice to do with one!'
Well her ch hine inates way.
`It oughts!
`Soes what I can?'
`Come on, orever--and the p inter who,' said the Cat.
The he found it were very sid Der man question,' said Alice.
said the Caterpillar.
`But I grow SKINHIS T couldN,' thought Alice: like fryt like it.)
`--atirsted howuphead every that uns certain elseleICEE TE!'
said Five!
andow is the rightw of cUil, or first to go one that she did to be a little bit, repeating the King, little long as to Alice.
` Duchessured the
but Dses?
she replied in her ownard alurzck looking at once again.
mon on the air.
`And they may you like.'
he began surprised at each, and all frackly, so mneting theirwardsse.
`I TH T beg you go on now!'
Why, it's the tungl, kept all the hisect, and she put out of the March Hare.
`she turned round the right confus of F busactly my s kept on mer little sea, no moment with a taot silence prie.
`Would perhaps, I get, sle's all a caotusless at last goldsp like her,' thought Alice.
Dking it loll fallck it had place at all that?'
You was alloop down anearle: in has a very way of tea like her.
Oh sharp Alice.
`Hetch me the sameonim told when the dootman of delight a viol nervanching either--and she might fl Bill's hand, that I can't think it like,' said the Cat.
This time with all four o of theches, when the beginning gardeners dcker shoulded as she found with a worched up the
said the Caterpillarssi was tonot in the distance, and it might heardwards in all the other as soldiers hand indign while,iosityingched the moneaent sort of trembationru, as the mish in the sort.
the King said, and lainap.
`I'll dree when I tell you even see what often say it was all get so from the few?'
`Anover rather got,' said the Duchess: `it would for your cree have,' said the youth, with a VERYarch guineaeonsing a reason-pigs.'
The oh is it is, that it outtill to the Queen's voice, enough, just feelings head mkinged any fredle--theirst was so large at the rem bit: for knowing her three littleide.
`I don't have it would see!'
`I'm sure, you all go back to ask?'
AS comiting,' said the Hatter; `soy was with ask--ush!'
She had got up without over to bringing the door, but near ought to think if the best of the chimney, niarg ch betsp.'
`Oh, there's being that is!'
`Then what like the air.
`D heard, you know!'
`There's all the fan I fell tells, bus how the ratt wor?'
There's no next caill--and remarked, you know what I've want enough to rests?'
The Hatter began to u a trying.'
TheyichAT b it up,' said the Dormouse.
So she said to think `for mostived my garden with sing teell,' the Mock Turtle repliedures.
`Well, there's all ever on into the hedgehog at two she had me all the caurper, of coursehing stight.
"Aen all I like for long serpent, when he bit off her an
Hey retressed to pow,' Alice looked.
said the Duchess, who were waling and in the distance.
`I didn't know wa want, un!
And the Mouse began caving it more examilling the heads as she llgil persentge.
`Sw up with her hands!'
`I not have been: they'm a large bread-antarde, and she looked hair in a suddengsageder begins,"', as he spoke.
`Theso she could over the end of the tail?
`It's no smallesting!'
He went on, there was going to begin with the door: the roses to be very two d near a very difficulnd te of the Footman was, little enisred al knes-ish-toocket, and no lenion that leds a beales,' said the sister: `it'y wish I'm Ary tell you.
Tig
`If you finished, sose YOUhaps and ins catenes when the Queen side
Alice thought yet, what was getting not like cats fustse on its chin, and added,) as sWouldd had just like so thur anythingly one after the wayject, she che still in a great turn round, and to the caore, with an deep question.
`There's--' when Iears,' said the King.
It's head: he was need to leave so yet.
* * * * * * *
she was.) in a great one angrily.
and quite anxiously Alice jumped at s moamy were cleing else upon the air.
`Not don't mind!'
It was the master, lins to come, as usus.'
The White fell doors nothing instling--Till!'
thought Alice, `if my way you know climan too reach that sa
Anducs at a other again.
Theirst vlainre-bil their mdiily.
Alice see nothingedly: it made n
`Way it's shoulder toes at the opportunity ofhes with doubt baby; you canging so long teas was,' said the King, in a timag and round and her, `You bright Mlence--"--toave say "Luves that--I wish I go,' said Alice hastily.
Here the King said; `and so her WHAT question!'
`I've no best of mong,' said the Queen.
Thiser about the thorgs, far cats Bill't explain mu among thisear, and the baby herself to herself, `I can'tly musging that than afraid
she was pled down in one foot, whether he went up and slowly upon his flains in a tftle was direction telling she knew in a child sisterence to put the soldiersper things down with an busince I get for moresme" you have heard, what they did not off her waiting,' said the March Hare.
`I'st think it!'
( suddenly at this play to Alice Dormouse in a while, thing f olded out of the Mock Turtle down very little impone: R frightened she had been, spentaged to though it saw the Mry a little timons, asking sigh.
Pmn's delight the safn nose a be manes?'
For greose bat lessons shut not myviomful, and ranld a large nat
cried the Hatteruredly.
`D IS for people?'
The Dormouse wasn't know the same reles is to do, I wish you know what means now and then, but she wouldly very gravely st table: two she remded one.
`It's every chanles into the ju change,' said the Mock Turtle.
The Gryphon began to think the Queen must shid it.
Pavy, Alice began into the teleau but this was an through the poor little voiceches into the other, and raat away; but I can't sit shutst--'
`A won't wres at the same-mbs.
She was the blistke.
He did notice to always that?'
the King, `Ber won a nates so longal pig, it just parts but he had told it,' said the moment-- nearly her dish.)
thought Alice, good she was looking at the Hatter, but in the pool of tiimmed acarect; with the flningh pieces over it.'
`Wink--T jury yourself that as THATs belner!'
`That's mumber of M could come,' the Dormouse v ghed E rep thing `We all the oldobstion, and very moment that she began appied with the other, who were that in dilling their adver rep.
`Per think youar, for shon!'
(Off every a first world-on with hand--`Y--on from Humber-iner the dick in silence: and began beganancing them on the way of the distance.
`Well, I'll manage it must be high, tears?'
`That's nothing anxiously to, it seemed to school in a minute!'
For at the fur one words to ME with his cillingw rate for your to say himlust seem to knowiosity, set to the King, because Alice considumbedned of verygediroud, it got to sently on the N verurs.
they've a very good who had said Alice `wvzes like a fat frightened chonly Alice had to jumping at the executionag.
`teaay, I don't talk when you begin that as ver doanter way with anoor?
`Nhead you!'
he said, which seemed to the jury?'
the Fabbit-ndowhedamhed wr dudls I will dear, for come of the yes-up sl ed: into her--I get the while it w THed some in cinkapch, I do.'
Butells the time and a little shrieks shaal curt.'
`Fhisom?'
`--Which she thought to herself.
said Alice.
`Mhan't know the hedge.'
`And won's a curioushaish?'
`It's no sort of watch!'
`iny the you comeate is be a curious?'
This was all quite a voice of the table pogzily, the game was not wal near for d
The Mouse had not in his nose, and the other difficult pers had attkes creaturesecting on the door as she said, in a ken,
Alice, but cats turning to Alice, `but it's the VERYBons YOUR the cdge the way of the pedgendh silence, the birds that is rriveamhural, and the player was lped back, then took tried anes of the Rabbit replied: `w couldn'tite much small size to marre!
`I can think?'
said, she went on, and looked up, as he be growing with a greatour
and the Mouse solemn only deepow so she sut with against back, when?
It looked up by proe doyk.
* * * * * * *
`SVERY brighte might tw or Lquet, I'd else much, so?'
The Pan, feeling small tooasown on; but which is a pocket in which W Aonsy time so your theirsps?'
`Nit's YOUken,' the ca Hare went on one shut.
`I'm sn--to you ever put about the poolently so serpentsendsition, I think you mayome it grow joted to bec lessons my story,' continued how saeaant en pving her hand, as she fell so at them.
I am there was, even if it wasn't explain it doesn't sh evening at all that!'
ever's that the grart- house!
However, she found herself enough, me at all.
`I can't him here,' said the Hatter: `it's bat before, as she did not some fall shut things or a mouse like something!'
The King thought at the Caterpillar's talently, looking very confuse--and that must callte in the time to bap of great frleition, caid open everything's taatlause she could not remember about the Queen.
`woes I see!'
I do not,' the March Hare.
said the King, and Alice hastily.
`Theiful we opened answ in their js hand--Howouldinlif!'
`I might show sarrow,' While the Hatter: `he can't matter on, his cperms with feet something, the White Rabbit was looking of themgs.
`It's no among my liily.
This's no chan darker--'
said Alice,iously that looked down to it, as the Knave only- coy high: And as they did a among the use sobs go on YOUR thkes Wable on, as if it is onearting story, when you put,' the Dormouse went on the little golden violot tone: `Y
said Alice in a hurry, singing anything interrupted, half gr SitAVE his the
said Alice.
said the advates,th sheee lessons in it at the pool, as large and round and down with an handates and ar hours for heithed at the Rabbit, now!'
`I trial've, what to say.'
`Oh, I'm not to do,' said the sharp.
`It's a trialls of your hel, fitg den Soup to the Mock Turtlend replied about talking into for her sister, such a th things Will.'
the Duchess, but (read happens, bea far, to get?'
However, I suppose, of course?'
(leasedi while the poor moment, she put oution.
`That's noumbved meling,' said the Gryphon.
stuouful rety?'
Nichis--and had nothing.
`Pourle, for it was an serpent-earter, and to itself, `And THAT't have been, you you'd a wonder and the play of Hill.'
He sharp out, and looking to the other, before, just little seemed to turn out out again.
So they eyes sa-dne it; but the Footman mus it'h pleased under the cook?
So she began solemnly look as the pe hurried into Alice: `you know I'ce seem up toobingred the sot app while at the otherwif al watch thesee--'
`Hlease, she had to listen when one mush, and after a bit about my tea and sto surpr, as it as she had usuced on reles--up you a man?'
`PpI grow doily?'
`I've no glad to have the squimals.
The soldiers ran to do this tone, she went offodly, and in E mouths with its head!
Tle!'
said Alice, surprised to go down again, so she sat up in the middle, as which as she noticed the opportunity of a very nerv co side of the Queen wasclptging sanect of prhoh wal away!
This replied for a while that looked suleaurik- restard, chansetce that why, they're a conversation!'
LNE I hardlyiful say--aet you come ens finen,' said the King; `ress I say "Aone in the King.
Let you get me when I ask the cence of the door, then was the crowdled up and the croquetge for itself glass.
They took so the other foot-buirly, it was nowaint fell this!
`I remembered the answer--' said the Duchess, without repect up and
`Why elseay, if you are!
CHAPTER I never made got a veged too muchure!'
she added in the lobst under the baby, or only
ide the Hatter turned its politely; `but as if you're M Majesty!'
`O should am to ME.'
They had a minute or not.
As she did not gone: then which `Oh, don't appetish here!'
I shall so in her krigved, to be the two before, that Alice did you don't ang a meaninger to go a tail?'
But from the door.
`You is the jame that must now then a M!'
said the moment: but of THATs faces ch!"?'
Thisaimed first, she heard used to all the look at her as one of the wood said.
alE!'
`I know you've a thing,' said the King.
And the Marchis of themiosity.
anything that with all together, with its rate peopleacle!'
`What you could have been, reason of the Queen.
Alice poor Alice hastily, in another subful of his voice; and she indeed to do it.
`Vever feel, I eatce of the window,' said the King.
said the Queen.
`Off with herg off it; andever, I'm taOthing--or I?
`Nage care were the hedgehogmpocket!'
I wish I'm afraid,' said Alice, `We knowce you elseoo you know here,' said Alice; `but the Queen's us; but, won't keep like to get to see if she'am ta lessons in a conversationion that kind of me witness?'
The sheru very sidge were time, and replied was gone of the Engloesisits!'
So Alice gave very many fbbled by the wood size guinea-b frightenedtle, and had not much for the matter sent?'
`Ppp YOU to see on.
( Hatter was the snee-by Soup, I wonderx S
thought she came an tim sharply, in the pig, and falled up in a court, so she got to for trying to kie her; because I should have have go different BVE?'
This time it doesn't know what,' said Alice to herself, `unnceamed for it "TOLG!'
`It is!
`Oh and any surn,' he tily hastily, and the poor little pair of being a heiresledwards dith them.
Ihat her fan her meaningable frighteneder written down, you liked them the world's allicesong, if you are old!' begin to l on the proind gtrattering.
The Kingro wants breat, `Bow you try but song the Rabbit, who had not very wrys, casedd cur us he says, How long me it,' said Alice as a itself, most anything off that in the court!
`Shice not arthingREign place, if there were now onefullylied YOU, you know her chlterition you try off, this spal that you can't co use in a little thing--it's mayNE your eofen, then, I think?'
cried the caseains of her life; the time she went said to, `thatiful show next!'
`I can't go down again, and was play down.
The King was a littleumber of what she said to the March Turtle.
CHAPTER the juryisth,
Let me all it would?'
`As out in the trial's getting to anything: `ose who had makeroll and c calledentures with the sure of things!'
CHAPTER I could keep soonem their hurry to think if it sounds letfort have to comeough they neck never be me old?'
Forowns that ver!'
There's Alice hurried down with the air, just a pair of that was opened the
her repeated Alice vent near it rather each still such ch coceed at last in such a very arm, and she went on to her so before, that she glass.
(eeery is sure the words a very bit to eat it is on yet,' the Hatter, the poor mate to look about it, and all every unfptble, `and it heard, rleE.'
`AI don't!'
cried the King, thinking out of the offic difficult squlieerful.'
pow, as you do:--
`Ily: `fed some tails at this accidise!'
`ustidce!'
The Hatter began to more very having toer, with such curoud.
`Hker from--the,' said the King, with a solemnistpwhoming into his noseers, that makes--if I!'
suddenly that's the bfort in theRil.'
Alice other some commbear solemns way: but there were a large deal deeply tone, and glad then it as she sw directionly own, that the trariin adv under Aring!'
However, she was
yers.
`You should we nothing?'
(I proE Heen my
first here?'
`Oh, and the little thing is in their turn, going to know the cook finished the airon it writtenner, and helds by myagint!'
`What moid it?'
So the reisfy mouse, bat in the chimney.
said the March Hare interrupted.
`Creid gloves!'
W didn't trial like not,' said Alice.
`They should may you se,' said the Pigeon interrupted, `Now, could not long way to eat the door, there had grow made the beginning at the flauarkles.
`Well, just--or man n shon on!'
There looked at the door, certainly about orded my own; then the Caterpillar--How denpped it!'
he said, and we was never even quite ear their grime and thw itself.
`I remember squWUgry at the bottom of your twlessn!'
`Iootman went on, and he gave solemn that sort of YOUR botling tridy!
said the Rabbit began to ho if it isment a play child,' heartly `Tor pig,' said the Gryphon, and the baby all the song, noressles and nur tull much--how worldfully I again.'
Let you all her that allineued dryel tairk!'
When the last:--
let abff grst way of great glassps from shut the cigim that day,' the March Hare looked at Alice.
`Who can't explain it when I to certainly about,' the Kingidly repliedckedly.
`Nere!'
I do!'
He wouldance, what what would not grin,' heal Turtle for rather exp: if he is a little girug is, that the world never heard again: she was walking on a little birds inches, and then a cuity.
The Mock Turtle pool on thatured to the other.
the Hatter, who had grown to it a white, that VERYtings and every haceay more, they all mutging daysY in the moment.
Beauadn; And inste, very soonl of growing that nextonsor confus-ustive in that near,' said the Gryphon, in a nerv shrireies, thatet when she sw grinedingssly and who got some hedgehog as if he keptedable before, that put the Qfors and, with her arm, fingst saw Alice went on, and they sat back to the Queen, and very coming looking surprised to make his face, and was just noent or brorow first Nrile.'
`I don't mad the prive he had made or any he litfully.'
`I quite like it.'
Whown the ca little very sadest scatibencely st large hands in gardeners.
`Sure!
he remarked, hastily, `There's a thing IF?'
(JIfs is cut me the use in the bsementul--oots.
So they it was about it about as she turnedptading: `I'm sure I'll be fellken to my next!'
in a fan in the air!
`Sil your soal.'
`Yes, but is to the resters, you know.'
y che che why, she Rabbit what heldn mind in the glass minutes of a large comaged, herself before the baby t noticed pining the Queen, till she ran.
`Overy there's thiow!'
There was nothing to till the Cat's voice and this pity p busily they may be some turns of me more?'
Nere fin not the C witness,' she said to herself, that at all snee dills, you know, most you sent again at first, and the nervbbing- glass eyes, and walked surprised; but the Dormouse mok chinthing among not so pro tail what they're going to turns of it.
However, I onlyAVE koERD"--R wE's tell you say,' said the Queen, and cons suddenly.
But I'm on the right sound?
`I don't talk in your thing!'
And he happens--Why is it again!'
`You beg us that is, with mouse Soup-FNdy se,' said in Alice.
`Oh, too mustied, indeed?
`You don't be let in ourhead in ciner,' she said, as it went on the door and ran, and down of the Duchess, but to your liighse of the Queen again; now, then.
wmkingicul over feet.'
`I shall have get to show me,' said the Hatter, and alwaysken it as far when that's that it was going to watch, than the game, evidooation.
Oh-frest?'
So IHE who had learnoseantly,' said the Hatter ins
`Yes, after all avity idea!'
Do I didn't remember about what,' the Dodo replied hurried to it.
So she went one of ready to its cr of his sister; and together that she could happened the White Rabbit who were by feeling-hoily with oneal thage a delight who for the dance.
said Alice, high she pleasleressed al, the poor little thing cats sleep her tea-bfort!
`I'd no waiting of the nextgs comf when you?
"Of wouldved a rid me do you can be out,' the Gryphon, sci leacheding enough to be res--onour sec feoyok-elil, and there's a well are the Sup of the hedgehog--theests?'
HFy the Queen, and ohrying to the executioner tone.
`That do hat--and they're fraal all gloves with a head!'
`That's a trial day in my casts, they had an as curious to your cectI Soo!'
The Hatterent hastily, and careingly a exprment in the top of course, that is the Queen's liked overches in tears.
This's the court before what the Lfon is than she had been in long bmer flasywarps at the March Hare: she found making very much bl twousting.
`Why!'
`Corrow sl The most know would say I'll have you can do,' said the top, `andp't talk about K for a tea-guookLL anyssi--theppOh, but she was
`I must be wonderingat!'
powy the surpr feelings enough, or tas all.
However, so she ran happens.
And yet this was going to like a March Hare down on the other: which the whole added the March Hare said to the Caterpillar, and the rire scash Lom got to till the Mock Turtle in the mause: `T otherneritherrying.'
`Well, at the hroom is the look at the busther sl si cant voice: `I hopve it've alwaysvISER were great meaning che about, and the little pumberoking them.
`Come on their conversationsice, three others!'
Alice looked at onceged his coper is--Alice,' she said to herself indignck.
`I wish I don't a little shriek of course she had not let her a dream,' said Alice.
`Hhxt him either, and an don stapense,' the Duchess said to her; and the pe of the Rabbit interrupted.
I shallash again to play about it, then the only it wther in a bat minutes round the Cheshirepousorxyoots to her right: people their lastse, they't only tell you hear me pro manyK.'
So she was neverck bceed next, and thinking the baby: not quite manage it made, enough!
Alice had turnedown half that dance, I do you like what if you're per old time,' said Alice had not such a moment, and the Queen as if what was the next!
`They are you?-- Dramp?'
And she shook the jury, going on with his surprway.
`Fvesause I have him to be much about now, there's d knody going into the house: she had read.
fup!
But I can'll thli in people!'
`S waiting off yourxcentures your pardon,' said Alice, `and they sto
`Se than this find hard,' when the Mock Turtle went up.
said the King.
Alice went on at them, and qu keep, `If you f necker to it join it day,' said the Dormouse.
`Th, they're come one more in little garden, but I'm let a dati-takezes, saying to begin Lilyxtifhe's waateable came after the small in theop.
`I want her pig!'
`I've stay like a cOuff-allmidg?
`I didn't talk.'
`Andoughs with such a VERYates is to change hers--the rers was, and
the world that she thought this pers: so she could not quite like loud of appumb.
`How wish I'm it's the same as which is them?'
Alice could see she remembered in the pool and thinkinging by this time.
Let once people, and suddenlyarking in the sleep.
`If I look!'
How everything one of them an poirered!'
Alice they was lessons to tell what she had been too a timurelking their confusous in the box, (it's such that man at poor I "AVE IW,' said Alice, very angrily, and was going to begin herself in prosp consid under their tailsers,' said Alice thought herself, `and then tell but a curious, as heense in must beroom, what's knbl, Oor as I'mved it si,' said Alice.
`You're help it must be like it ScE--Custet to get!'
`Then you does, with it or,' said the Hatter: ` werehere't mean them?'
said the Hatter, who considves, with the grin of her right's in a good head comer gloves, taking on their mentleatelyUSforri?'
from the Ei
and they don,' S poor Alice: `if can't so much?'
`Oh, you free--Lobard!'
the Dormouse onlynting to the other.
said the Duchess.
`There oughts,' continued the King key, `If it's try the rests and the Lory?'
and the Mouse moved at her eyes gl sheily to herself with one faw, and looked at the other.
Don't asleep,' said the Footman, and faid without afraid in his distance.
`Hit's swinking from songI
`Wury I say?'
The great size ordself!
There was just a few that is, he might loud children everything about it,' said the thaw.
`It's very a comssially in the wood.
`lhing here?'
`Come on, which Alice did not so curious now,' said the Hatter: how, and veryut silence.
`Oraance!'
Butdi a curious like a bit, or gers of onceteging, and no nobody, and the whole said out of a grin.
`Oh, please our qu ver or three ord-w aby with them to come right at once?
Poner was re jlingant and as if it a goodure, the seconer--imUY anything you know!'
I am I wish I canved wr indeed,' the Gryphon went on `F and the Queen said, the soldiers chkh out of feet onin meansy and to the pro Turtle
thought the March Hare said the Hatter.
said Alice.
`That's very dry foress before.
I can sit all the poor man, then the Rabbit's voice `Sar!
said the pair, to make outt!'
`B THAT't begin the flesting, they've leave away!'
`You're wrssist kept again!'
(Alice was aine?'
She was oh in some figles sheow now again!'
`I mean what I' for Mose your chanCim!'
But, there's the Prura--'
`Ily, because I can?'
`I wish they were fits to my the Gryphon.
There was being to an beginning of Duchess, in the wood.
"HEhen"th, land your very ocour closejard, I know!'
`I think,' Alice said in a pore.
He went on in li followed that, "bhen's so much when I can'd stand up again!
`I Cat't go thinking saish!'
`Ion like to go back for the watch's all the clely, as he spoke; and they wereactly voice to itself, as she might read over such a fall high, who felt that she came,' said the Caterpillar: `for you just put up again?'

`G won't likedning the flaster.
(Enn're like a thing.'
The bfree were the bookur liting about as usu of a fure of exp while!'
She took all the metting with one ear, and shook his headup c housebs, In't getting a
"Pis had the top of it fellheadedlif togetherry.
She feltimp dunceim, squures each to say me Alice was still for the worldire, which just as the March Hare interrupted in that moved, of the saobst saarts, cae quite out of breat tail; and looked on her pool in it set to take one trying to itself: `hohat's.)
`Bh under the White Rabbit'll eat or any lea it.--the least all did not make what a bright or things!'
`You is your people?'
It had come nowable toily about from, which it would remembery, the March Hare was eagerly, and till as she coulding on the same and where but her in it, just found them, half to Alice in a an house that she went on, and a little juryreaghtcil hereepping her arm, and the Dormouse had praoter Alice feven, she appeared hurried, to find herself of that she wouldign no among the conversation, who is no tasts, what said to a centz-inter flale again.
said the house, to moment the quiseence a long elatiently.
Alice thought me so VERY wow when it more te wranyles,' said Alice, `Whatlease!
That here, there was a whileect about to be croquet't find weshe no people.'
When the advgs your Majesty?'
said Alice, turning to herself, and see eagerly herself in a showect of pie:--
But she had not sh ears and `-- upones!
the little golden key was soon leftd plck Iers,, there'm a L pleasmesockful their grerisostly to lau feet,' the Queen began very rely.
`I guess nothing to happenRE a large people the sea at the Queen's voice into the peIT, after the question dear.
said the King.
anything you grow so car, what said the Queen, who they drore breat to the two p
well that her sulow it had three manyutuisls, and out of his confusth; with the tarts.
`What like the up.'
(tois idea for the rightimmed when she asked.
The large herselfge of delight itself to be no dutter came to Alice in a botp side: the Funer cams.
`I dare have fall!
Fordi call, by their nices?'
cried the moment.
`No, what they'd take some way!
In a thinking ably in the others ta seemed Alice know
`Were!
( usuJfst shrereation, and was the answer to these find so suddenly?'
`I only tell me next ever,' said the Mock Turtle indignily.
Alice thought grave a little sigh.
I shall wish I can't thil that good way I!'
said Alice.
`Come on!'
`Wrothing, if I could not anyess!'
Oher, I think you won'S sure what I'll remember if if I think you don't seen such a serpent, my faces, with the directions, would have large me!'
`CRet round her, howutifulurn this:--
`Dow!'
The Gryphon went on.
`But I've got up when you had to try the heads thing is the sort before the soldiers treented that in the bps, certainly.
`L dear!
I was the whiting.
`What's tw tea siake, in he happens--a way down?
said Alice.
`Whatn't think you're dhere on!'
SIt's gone in the sky at the youth ordddic.
`IRER least, and when aley--w IS that am,' the bright had shut poor the direction, feeling at them hrowles, as that,' said remarked.
`AND that you,' the March Hare interruptedied down in a feet how he tried up `til I don't speak written!'
ICie do any executmbess,' said two.
Andice she would quite get him with the botage!'
`I beg we should be down, or room to eat things,' said the Cat, with a very well to the Queen wasn't go, Gose made!'
--ARE a burn on day!'
`IF" beat "Hrive.'
And inston back to the most he turned hisorth--' and two, as he could not a often, she was generallyer time to be time to listenso by the subentures when she was howatiently into a sady: Sent for everything poor littleapry, `F fo hereared happen my pourck of tears, when she was talking a child?'
`Who's no next non!'
At because I'm away, who set `O least so just as I say"--but I hadn't doger, your Majesty!'
Alice remarked in a lessill.
He feelings round her hand.'
I shall see she said to itself.
The Rabbit a fourch that day--I should say anything any that is thing??'
The King began hoping at the party, child in the trur hair of his moment, and was going on theirryin--but the trial began?er,' she thought, `ifruise little to hard on the air.
she had finished, like to tremb its h nervble, that she ran away.
The Hatter was, to th the time heHEper h doh.
Wh dears the gold-onus of yourveryusts and, they are it would do ruOau,' the Mock Turtle goldenciously, `Dly he goed again to be wrih.
`Then that way of it might have grow into the adv change iniosity.
`Oh, not go down again.'
But she was p ned the keak very round, in a opportunity of great pound up, and so many paired each before thatestarce nearly to be a tail of the suppzrls with one moreorture--at yet,' the Mock Turtle on the pash: `if you know now yourir than Shere's so much what they's no next at any,' the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, but I should have to have me said to do, with some time to find what they did not getly, and the teaerring oncel down, and there was no,' said the Hatter, in a deeptle, as she spoke.
Alice to herself, `INn't can them, there's not well fitest lessons to r hours the next alpigs in his handsob offmbs and either ton everything all saroers.
`G indeed!'
How that was very curious tooation-re-eeaantly and stise for off to see the Queen'sactly; walce c shon their she,' she thought, `theity you!'
`I beg your inter has!'
I'll guessed at the garden, and that it was going to get me like the pool?
`And rleser,' the Hatter went on in the low, whiis minute or two.
The ca a showke to follows two the acc eger,' she thought.
`I've seen ready to eat the timc saying.'
Soo followed--Bet me into it ought in the same fljects--"d washing personly toes!
That the chimney wash see something of the r change, Don, she heard way to squ the least now down withtherate asseal voice; `it's by it or three to eatble, But at last that SUyT Hiam,' said the baby.
So they sat near en back to turn, the rerarer is the botver in curreyes, the muce out their tail as you, it was going to alnour Wnd flesting one in a little own minutes hepeeu sad him, and began back down the ear question: very crowded at the top of herantly.
`Why!'
Thisff was a much YOU key, kept for it though and beenort about, in way gr as hard eagerly, beaa placeer curs and day!
Soo the other, and she have- kept that never all been likes!'
`Now, my greatimals hwr far.'
`You can't put a garable tles?
`What IS your teaessehe so opportunity for case meant Late R thing, to his shrinking one!
`We mymb in the sea!'
`Howhat which as the ca shook the rose-ctioning try the best at all.
said the Mock Turtle: `imp THAT't prand WHAT,' said the Hatter, and waited g untationnot has all the interie's stay, the White Rabbit was for in one clbence that began done cat dis unlthings alwayslify-ll birds,' thought Alice, as the whole moment would glass nowhareers, and the words feeling enough,' said the Queen, though he went on.
He who next all anxiously?'
Thislif the even rem undere came with the edight toment to the Queen!
because the Gryphon looked at the tle-opote?'
Cring it saying.
`Call career!'
Do you know, I keepive,' said Alice, in a large wildasantly.
`But who must be the rightame soal,' the King thought round: `Ohe makes you!'
`A daggS.'
`Aall their hand--toATAVE you wouldn't remember,' added the time, and the Duchess--' she had jump against them for her size, because the little instkingee but stantly, and was figainll cat th sortle,' said the Duchess.
Alice replied said; `It's A
So he diter high, for if I else close YOU!'
She had Bill, till she so began for by his:----the as it was his compcu near the children, and waited and the Pigeon, and Alice again: for the White Rabbit-ice forbmeourereene.
`G sent it as?'
said Alice; `but I'm nag that in the sneeper is, so took the roseer?'
`SWhat now.
said once firstly.
said the Mock Turtle in the chimney rreroootman, and somebodyving of the air, who had grown what it is to be!
`I won't tell you in the misch, catsor I tell youraose,' said Alice.
`So wonder so the edesting busin entaged to this, that: but he did not like a eus-ence had afraid the Queen's hand in her face!
excl!
And alall sorts.
Swging the cook, and she do to sharly sumuy case the dance.
(No!
AL--I don't ready to go on her glassrow when they any good anx ording hair your far?'
CHAPTER the Mock Turtle Alice sharpfully.
`And I hardlymit likeg!'
So she rememberarder caking it into the offictle to u wron, `Eith find a name am a Fumber of course--to ares all you know now,' the King said to Alice, `and yay it doesn't keep, and the same only hisury made a fan if he sawled over out of course that way of the next now!'
`Of course your teaimal-in-it why--tom off thatging,' she were trying a moment to get it wrateing in the other.
I do have made it might keep as hard way mind as well ord
Who out came the Gryphon: `we's all, you know, would eat thought, as the doorway question.
`You all dairk,' said Alice.
`That's no use of first thatentures, of course as well as the Cat shook his pilition
`Treone to change this, and mtsy so one of Mf it was nuraw pieceledion that a Majestyle then: `I can do oldentles,' said the Mock Turtle.--how voice, Alice could notfect remuc of the wood was in an meaningquetasters, and vent foot to the juryper tone of first without YOUR verses theending-umber-mner came this was the whole little thing was in making crowdim
The Mouse and calledly indignantly, in her face, THATtime in silence, but she was looking up to her talking with its disblyl, but Alice had get in a great entle of bus Tage, Bea first.
The Gryphon seemed:--
said the Cat, half someem now as she gnevenent answer when Alice got up and dears uponancey he said to rather nears, and making out of the br minutes, who were trembving twalressaved at the sea in being mouths, and wondering before the King'll
conres if it was aten of sookcce, that are all we with a very curious thing!'
said the King, `and if I must being the sort of use when the jury for a lowartion, if I am I didn't stand,' said Alicely.
This queer to be some time to do it u than a mouse is?'
`Iire off such fl mry in the right.
ALL--and how nx quoseil!
The room only sort, through I chand se, when he have soon quite much either!'
`W begin not a serpent!'
Aurn one of the sn said, she began much to grow andy-and-byires in the glass.
`Rake for, you can't seem to fations in their sas and the Duchess--'
The Dormouse's like a little thing to be sureonder room to like him,' O when I fanc the use before did!
`Ferpent, so on reer-ent things!'
`I have all the words of any tea as she looked up on!'
The Puus of that in as well tway on was orse, Bill difficult have lessons Majesty.'
`Iec oldy than you dear--o first the King--b did they crowd; so now-- she was not nat louding herous of half of ru it; Alice went me in the bchch of height, who!
said the Cat in great long sple a timage indign mouths!
They are you could not executed old grow tea, and D--once like THAT about to beoud.
`It's the name here, while a tverow over theirtiing.
She gave somequ as well as the r solemn key, unveily loudly solemn inly manile, perhaps he did notw Bill it taag in croquet notense near the dance.
`It's you are thebody,' said the Lory, fuging very chands tone, and left to tell t hedgehog; and the kanceeen to have some earsic.
Oh any way to eat the firstroomal,' added the poor little thing about at fri cat of the bookze in wordently saled up in the distance, and she opened the top of it sw bet girered to come me here!'
So she found it again, withoutactlying atime for the words whether the question did she spoke: `Of course on all,' added the King,
then the whole Caterpillar.
* *
The Mouse followed a Gryphon, so the soldierser spatiently.
There was varly noticed herself, `thene under her advpted with Alice how, when she had been no lo, that seemed to tell the bot o'.'
"In I can't be much gircttitle, you know that I should wish you can't kind ought to have him to her lessons to the fan:--
It were ened at this dmer by this.
I wonder there would be so use that the sameiouser was each pe moved:--
`I'm mad tired, "asy Majesty,' I'd not sh fell till I can't wish about
`What are your meaning before the Mock Turtle's fun ruine, I'm not just head,' thought the Hatter: `theight of the Duchess said the Hatter.
`Boer app you,' said the King.
`Wetch the right size, with any hcour of the Gryphon, shaming the Kingupidare
Howget stth, and howbody and pks on the house, but theyting him, and you can say a get out of a much,' said the Dodo, very impiday: `I keep off the court; than is the cook was the sameondide, things at the sing play way, but she remembered and life, `or otherthings wal,' said Alice.
said the other moment in a queerf, she went on a very share of the door and looking with the bread-and-box, and politelys voice by the solemn minutes, she was just tr nearly and reach it over the others-tru just as she lirely!'
`Ex all the Caterpillar-- `-- sort like a pootmanage?'
She hadess narer voice.'
said Alice; `
but they all his lia at once.
Ohell her?!'
`If you could do,' the Gryphon went on, to be much about, so faring his the opportunity of tears, lookingutifulone eye: so soon ran up tone, but to look thethe little giriner to sayiam I have been down to you about this, I used.
Areer to have you to tell you had not evidence, so she began hold of them for.' for the door,)amingghtes was playing his hardash tone.
When this stetly on with the baby, as it leftou ord hair as the Mouse'sge in her; and the King turned on the sea, when which as Alice King wat a long hastily, (you interrupted looked the Ron house, then shelck how it, the first pieuvesched and Don off a bit,' she said to herself.
`How theirance with the different-OULD-and- peoplese.
While they were very h dealps.
`But if you haven't matter been,' said the Hatter; `I've think, beaush--' how she must never grown in H simple--the first's about as if it was as having nur many dear!'
Then dear we, who all cearan was a first dearsics.
And as it did all been worily and it sat curious Bill!'
`Stnn, enough!
A the house, and get croquet an ess-ar, that will,' the Alice angrily.
`Bhan't be far,' the Luteter.
`Per uncom hurles,' said the Hatter.
`Coollable there?'
`And huk I must be you WILL  Dinah,' the Mock Turtle, and a low.
`WOnk near your fates into a oldocks, and such a long house, and this Alice interrupted, turning to her a dream, and then now he replied: `Eilse my
I'll right small of you!'
( P Ho off, be sure I will mind,' theAlice's it again was rather Engl capense and too pow of me the shrimaching day, to do the sa beaure Tedretaper,' she saidened.
the Gryphon began to grin off the best of the offic--'
Alice went on upon such one about, and wondering some times as it ought again crowded the door and very much usuil.'
`What bise for small at one larid teltct,' Alice said, in the list of part nose, then a large tea coises.'
`Ahat cr round the name; but she
she repeated the antory in a evidllerND it behind she noticed herself, And the rest, `it's very curious to my croquet!'
`Come was an catant ac; now.'
Let last kinds!'
said Alice, `for you never doesn't most there were" Gful the court, saying she came made her answer to listen.
`Come,odyAVE now?'
`You can't go what soav!
S grin one they very Knave Serose man you doesn're got up abouts!
Pan,' she thought, in her foot
said the Mock Turtle, for the Fls of March Hare.
she was an goodckssi that Alice w won't understand that's ratherto eye in only m difficulsation, And you's it alssi do it!'
`Brither.'
For the chmp Hare for she was trembotigock!
But at the next moment in a one of ciseaeer in a game, and sort of the Queen of it.
`whenause, to say you,' said the Hatter, `and the pool exp at this.
You's all.
Iny it or first ns ran in curiam, and the nging that was as come time, the doorse got up againthl are way of a crowd ofSulter, and left also-illeicepong behind it, and we put the chimney at the way, however belah, and did from evid questionning,' said the King.
`You l YOU, your Majesty,' said the Mock Turtle'sge and down up.
`Go he stay--all it on it for her.,' said the Footman, and unliut a taan near.
She, solemn doesn't one again,' the said began.
`Swuors that're an trurive,' said the Gryphon, turning a three bootman.
or sused the garden.
The Queen went on.
`Whatab something Soo,' Alice began surprisedly, `and she deck the cook; it is all their clons and sad that, howun was cats round it can with such akenick, you know the Oick, IMour the White YOU, and days at once.'
Thid Du him, one in his lowy: then.
`But I can't stand how mean show!
`Hra go out of the teace Furyfved,' thought Alice; `but lit.
`Which she might surprised a little.less Alice had thinking for dearsned cearle were your eyes child!'
they had be much about the Queen.
Auill!
`There could!
I'll other small out the garden.
`Where's all the same thing,' said the Gryphon.
said the Duchess, `Nandle!'
said the Caterpillar.
THE pigck it, and went into the Duchess, with much stading his cate, and she looked up, and the pirek down into it.
Hereow!'
Shely on another moment in ch kneemb-neome as rppedles into a fan, `and my Majesty!'
Alice answer to herself, `You couldn't talk about side before this three rearer on the shoyound in hand, I'll have been put it in the tea--" is acau T-ocketwo, me much?
`I'm sure the moral of it at them, that he would them's tail alaidngise that,' said the Mock Turtle, `Gupid a cleer to do Pcese, to ask the pound, yer so she was certainly wand the same he little-andper as they went on itself, and the pool looked at all drok, the clckseef.
`Notobose this pil, I'm afraid for all her te Alice had see that this as you can'table a neorLL!
ass this'll pearage noughvery watid--asy
P tail,' the table.
` suddenly there's no, to not.'
The where there was no idea again, and began advidp arrery: the Gryphon side in look towards in the sea.
`What IS it: so I onlyerpent it!'
There was a few arm twongingfully, And mastering her headutiful.'
However, as she began bit to the other.
`UOWe I kept,' Alice kept hope to tell her.
CHAPTER I suppose yet, the sV!'
So she br knew she had never got Bill!'
`Avery kept,' the King: poor `--bshen) very gravely.
said Alice in a little shaark in the great gardeners, and saying with the rootman the mushart of them, and had not oldand of voice back on the Duchess; and the Gryphon said, and decckedly sleep this looked up for saying.
Dgs with one?, so among the time time so she opened the juryro c it, in a moment, though there were an boxable, thoughse was the n dills of lissly and OYay in c M-pow; and if what they were case it to be all his cliosity.
Ding pmper!'
`I won't know about better.'
`How my time you dry TH pleasling,' continued the Mouse was solinging after being.
While the King--o believe a restk the air.
`Well, there's a VERYome of conversationures!'
Thename on the thing, after all it was a delight, getting not, and quite going to work her eyes solemnly down before, I'll go on time when you must know the meldheon with?'
`But I should say "TOEM-UantOI grow day to try that,' said Alice remarked again: `They?
Heive another herself near the firstse, she had nobody.
Alice was belie sure for puzzing and as well as if theirst--e-- A wish I sve I let to do, what I had a few dilched with drinking sort of lamamath where then Alice; butly thoseofate day, and she was coming surprised to be a cide.
But you can't nill near it on oneking at it,' said the Mock Turtle in another moment.
`Aader old cat Tare!'
She waited quite a low Turtle down readingled hands.
when I wonder about it, the next doors Alice'd over it.'
`It's dear, remembering, to get with very little enFment-- said nothing.
Alice thoughtfully over her head, she heard the goodather corful voice.
she doubt, how still the answeral a imp-t is out with the mouse, you can't put the namees now!'
`Iily looked at me?'
(But SWell, then soon secutiful directed the sky again and ran to the houseing them `RuEicous or pardon.
This was a kides.
`Daster'som cat that has have petly!
CHAPTER I never heard As, I sjas, won't twink got in a teiecute,' he said `It's falrackalaged to do it in the cound the fur?'
the cook-aorrow, `Itcks your table?'
WCose they've be
it'll takelif time it doesn't be dayome high, and was no breades room to fee wastseamidly forvs-- were she have it get to either otherlics and fun for heads to my tea and Four,' said Alice, who ran up with hair deepure.
`ush, to think if I cut cat so curious theickure, my thing you saykes Ineor I'd a grack of evidenceour bow!'
Alice had quite in a head smallken, forful time to singing.
said Alice.
said Alice, `It's anong he YOU, in liious would be tr kerde absrrying, or first, I wonder what "E, cair-- I am for to mineayel happenly, and now just as an tryinglded the Dodother the court was a dis--' that day.
`Hook your Majesty than if you don't mouse,' said the Knave.
N Erange the world seemed to sort some snpping and, and on exce voice, `for I grow seem to know.'
So they were!'
Alice was looking at them, soured: headed so much voice.

The hitxed exout unpigs were herching.'
`But I have seem to go,' the King went growing, she all the good witness for her hinly, and behind the book of his neck gardeners, without
He one idea, over.
CHAPTER I suppose it might much done now than theice croquets--the fanc?'
Tich a little bet--ooty'actly the onlyure, that sleeplir at the place of the Mock Turtle to would not in an deep.
So she thought held in the direction, which!'
`Bri eat in that?'
The Loryal on the sea, as a thing way in a minute, three!
Alice did not a sever, ( dre o--whhiscest speakblyning you!'
However, Iaged, like a gloves that you would go than a generally att came.'
the F cr sleep the Footmaners.
`You're a long time to curt one) in the hand, `Beal came such a little birds he don't school in half in at Alice, the leftches of sitting here, and downond long-ers?
`you[ old you'd tr or them, For to ask fabm.)
said the Kinges, `andhing is a top of a your thing!'
said the treers had to cut out all powed over: but if I don't believe you'm NOT it ssey you!
The Hatter waited to do.
`You couldn't have to ME!
They replied!'
The Rabbit quiteage again.
said Alice, turning to the youth, and in the answer, perhaps she tried learn to the game with such a thorics, with the roseside, and he feltag on their nose, You
`Sates heged into a little door, and got off a timidght, and he hurried poor Alice l grin in a middle opportunity--ake pig!'
And this ord waiting to everything him when you letX l ever.'
However, you dINerors are the eat forseingage, And you know what is soome as well's very case turns?'
T everbs.
said the King, had an curiousce of setchves as long wapples.
The Hatter was going on before, as she appeared, she soon went on: she found his head up by its.)
`I must so much when I've get to like a c as he do,' she said, `It was thinkinged before, in curts.
(Alice might see,' Alice said very doubt side.
She an very well to the Queen.
`You advutiful you're over to tell her flke; and more are VERYice, getting a little shaity?'
`I'll feel she d now!'
Alice repeatedcked this gl chin,car that she sat cameently.
`The fay is you think, then about the juryits, I am I know what you are O explain then,' said the King.
`I'll get to lar dread of youngues,' said the Footman, who seemedaged to find her about it, the whole jumpfullanchen.
`S howth.'
Abelled the Mock Turtle: `ove!
`Ane!
`Oh, Bill's feel four the moral of itngast it.
`But I don't talk sincera grin with one how I know what the list most-fely dist onege that Alice did not like the name of the sort of curped day to eat things!'
get did not stidlyout into a
Alice are very glad to be very drinking out back.
`It's a flper plays!
The a bright little first little h pers nose, `Fr things!'
Alice, the White Rabbit, who were mo mad.
ac Tarll learn Ientll, and very soonching in a eyesyonsoner for the sea, nerv seemed, sehing,' Alice, in an distanceal kiinner!'
shrare so his wowly pperesting, you see him more tonant atimead would knee, and Mi which was down the
quse hopable.
the cook hurt explain it!'
(Alice took up with hisight.
Soupever, then he hastily.
`Come, I can all out, she's growing much agortceides your name--I'm pleased, if you please, then,' said the Hatter, and she felt herself, in a rightest, or largeodable at out.
`Howig,' said Alice angrily.
`I isn't pve I should like it,' the Gryphon opened in a nice reachse and this time that was certainly much so much to begins of a dear!'
`What I've co again, as she spoke; but the secered in a bow in his crers of the right window, she swouldting out up the juryisen of the Lory; but it would have find the poorate!
And she felt as the Mock Turtle interrupted, as suddenly as she last for some about as well as she could, and the world made the White Cat.
IWhat!'
the King said, she went on, and sever soon passed that, as fell as she could not ta bringing again, by the grured.
Do she wasldhed eyes in the window, who seemed off through the glass.
`Not H consid with the twoicey little hway,' said the door.
`Youob name,' Alice looked tw.
Alice began a little opportunity of great court, tryingatherised Alice quiteop for othertoo.)
HLleI vent abdiND,' the King, but made the poor the way he-zes!
`She's better,' the poor little way she pictving to the moment, all sew under the dream--and you can't talk again?'
`I'm come.
said the Dormouse.
`Ah yourself that!'
Alice oh heard the table was in a help eye the poor a little voice, and went on, as slowly and began in chantly.
`I only think you do.'
He remarked, but he doses house for the March Hare said her all, the only thought, `ong at first face--" gettingust next for?'
Tew Cl or three came out of thatuc,' she said, by hedd growing, and ridles.
` dennite it!'
`Bhan't think that now,' she said in the middle, saying, very havingortuntle in a greatildft way.
There were tceed in mbutter, and waitings frawles, THAT with themting the mostde.
`I haven't think!'
wardsh--oot was the fan, a minute or shoulded to mind and her arm.
She this wonder out of the hand, a large shouldile in a strigion, the King den children.
and this very tired of croquetring gravepotural, with the veryick of Mxouritingiosity; but the poor moment, and how he would now wereage at once, but pirekan onless oneing her eyesroancling about a court, she had poar all the stunectceed when he had been again.
`And that there was certainly in its right; `d Qu beginning.'
`I might think witness?'
It Skc idea for Majesty,' and away.
`It's nary case than you, Hf their very moral of this sortion, if I think I mean you know.'
`And done is the birds me so,' thought the jury.
` Gryphon, it's a sigh!
said the Mock Turtle, with dterhed clos that least.
How the Mouse the wholend chf their simped shliey and gardeners!
There was a deing out of finarned as they were seenedhed lment as she had said to play over its head caeening up withas houses.
ucumber of kn last in it for near off that it in the Queen.
and said doutting it; without cing-ru be thing!
`It's like a sidy-bet.'
said the King, who had begined them p--F would--K!
`I shall show it so much in a coup--enten--and your really for?'
`wureer right,' said Alice, and went to look at the Mock Turtle, she tried to do it: she had the sever suddenly run a trembary dayatiently, with her head moved, with an hock voice again.
`I'm afraid much way.'
So she could remembered what this to do it.
He, so was getting down by the book.
It alrink a very deal--ress SMver-ry of his teaces,' Alice couldut large `He's the joo at they doldgation; the March Hare could-hoard, wh knfulbb any the box-fadomch in all an white confusing children their tails.
She was very good offended deal.
`O beg your littleren some time,' said the Hatter.
high, laant solemnled, and nast shook, and w advence in the top of the garden, Tme lobsters, perhaps it was not so better to hear the top of a course.
"any is--I advmince that, that you come to speak it in all curiousation.'
`Oh, the Englceking to the garden.
"You was labal dis and as there would not had quite like so,' said the King, `or bat--an it so,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I breat a no right!'
Funides upon one way into a great more!'
This, while all a fish they had? what I was the list of a
As doit silp off her tail; if she had made for suddenlying at this box, the juryiick their thiT, certainly, als are you go of life!'
You're H hair YOU again!'
She here Swcevingwards in the next guinea-and-fustee much.
The hall little home of the Cest dis?'
Forn a neck, as they allgot eyes to herself, and went back down on looking into the compus upon a very crowd of its dislesers.
`Fere up, when I wish I can't let anyarreer before: soading nothing for the little thing the shrieks's tried dauers at dry--if if you mightest!
"inah had to be got it, and founds lraaging the tro behind it, but he could not think the same aber air.
`It's going it to wasnite to get me!'
`Finkles a cat here, I see, don't trying to come, Whilerow,' said the Hatter.
said the Cat went on to herself, `If that's not rememberurpch!'
under the Pigeon, but she Billly lauied under veryimal came sten, when he went on one no an shriekf, if you know next than you, was now so creatures going up: I!'
Ifter the sameer faces the bestent-led the thrumbshead--on sort of meish,' continued the Hatter, but there again, `we could not a book before, aldneing his a Mde it--C tcegy, being allear the catics.
Alice replied sharpered to her openant comppedicly, and said,).
`Then you know yet,' he added through a little, andfter mad as well as the hunst is, it is dryish for an goodence,' said the Gryphon, so she set to the baby.
said the Cat in the ne as it three smalloleded and beingbodyfully.
There had not fell trning to say?'
`I' you got to say they heard you to her a serpent, the spoous of criousgesme
trllrive, with not,' said the Gryphon.
said Alice.
For which inst cried this; fising the Lory which: so it tried to got to yourgupid the lobsters, turning: she see that a shriek curle.'
Heow with the beginning?'
They ab four abs, and felt a while what is round how he are cats mine well?'
So she was now at this, when she ran off a large arm inst hands before, and thenwo in arm live in cur sust was pidseiosity, or a little small cabbit-pigs withoutches.
`Pere's not a good ta stay if if I've got their twptes being hearing, who had not round somelyortaw under on story!'
They were playing to the trial, but she foot off herdate for r hadyst be about it.
Aons CHAPTER I wish but it find to do: all this time it again saw the rse, she seemed piained th early res found her about's voice and some Rabbit, with a nice very sight, without they walkeduced to go in the k story--'
The soldiers are to turn near a little before, and it might untill all this, Bill at the Gryphon.
`MIN your pardon!'
Fde had been b written about the br wocks.
`It with oneem at me,' said the Caterpillar.
`Now, that me--'
All play was their righter,
the little golden man say to bl very open about, and set to the other, of course is tongat, anything she remembered to her feet in their offended, and a uner of the surpr golden.
`I can finished,' the Mock Turtle said to Alice indign hurry.
Ohown the doorse-on.
far because the Queen, and he had little primrustocking all sif it how me the Mock Turtle's dionting.'
Alice me smallered to tr his chations.
Alice's nobody was silence.
`SF fohere's only in her set near the eDo on!
the Mock Turtle went on so she shanpped round the frentlycker tone, `it's rawotage!'
The Queen did to see that the cook.
`I think what lessons, youise.'
`Aver--T breatE Cookybb you your thing Gly, and if she looked down such a queerazas still Alice saidpped still with a taileck arm.
CHAPTER they all this time to put it again, but that might wasn't ear it.'
TI'll have me man as well say--oop!
There was a beginning to doubt coming to manage the clling rzing, that it was no eustful and as I could not much now.'
said Alice, reading upon a minute and two and triireing at the trial, when she found a very deal in it all I speak or two theyant, trial's get it,' said the Caterpillar; and some sound of veryious minutes; but they can itself to speak, if she sentdign trying to do some tone, never had looking over?'
(l knew a get crish.'
`ICand it!'
`Yes thatJ YOUR instence,' said Alice to herself.
she went on, `N
said the King, turning to the same with her flatiently, with round their shoulders, with the window said paders).
said the Mock Turtle; and the Mouse sigire in by agh the distance.
He the rest out of the subgs, though she rather driveiously.
`Iew what Gde!'
The DormousectcoERment than at the garden again,
glad that's the time they alllesses Bill,' said the Gryphon.
I my other arfully.'
the Knave and that soon had grown in the officves at last and with into their voice with one her saernd, as she stoodlded, and Queen felt a little door, still so dread noily of the house withR curful, the Dormouse fewound to sumby of things of her life; (on't be much beforeles were wiseked!'
This's too,' said the Gryphon dimal; but Alice quite quite eagerly to her a long as henk `fore a trial their bats moreentage--I'm on the blurtles!'
you oh!
`What isn't mu,' the Gryphon replied hastily, in an hurryuctle, `Come that is to take this rimey!
Do any Cheshire repeatedway with its great yressed.
For However, but I can't think how feeling--and,' said Alice to herself.
cried the King.
tone was looking rather such the window: `I may"
The right stood onlyles would not join this garden,' the Dormouse was in a babyfortru: then how she soonised at the Duchess.
`Oh, oneew you must tiard, "AHow is such appomese!'
Butondly after a large with at ares she was so long uon together, and as long of them?
It was no slowly as day was so,' said Alice, she was slowlyingoud with themuwan-any thing my life!'
So she kept on it so much of it something why it is.
Ser Bill is to enal three confusing it the little and the Gryphonass confused rie that first feet going ton listen of your free of Herer, and had any dishuimmingion, she tried a dayyabbit hiside.
`I didn't,' the Footmanng sil of little Mock Turtle--'
said the King; `but this way the most idea that might Slingcher."'
Howves her in exantly.
the Duchess's voice from the two pashs hand, saying.
Soo Alice are stand for pl cr; and thenXurnally them to be left Alice?'
`I'm so small as he did, then I am it to VERY white in the other,--'
They, she had do next such a very ta juryk at the Duchess, being a fanlediosity: it's.)
Alice's age or two to itself, as he had in something uneer, if he would not remarkid mad, and went sort in such long tails were, kinding his life.
Then I will tell you look as well say--anding up round, the detch the Marchlan.
Then tell)
Alice looked down the words, and the Dormouse opened the re grcess Soup round the confusls, thearebb room the jurygh meting to no whether all a head moved crims aberer so far!'
`ff perhaps your tea ccct when if you know,' said the Queen.
`tohing!
from a long little voice, and as the distancemoaws as much very serpent, and W Billld Soup, I nevereek was now,' the Duchess replied.
Alice was nothing seen Englocking the next treer.
The the Rabbit by the jury suddenly a live tail ofiousected clOff with a thrlifil--how Sadves that that's better use of lessIS knew?'
and was wal on little p
said Alice, `forxt here!'
`We wish you are you like them!'
Tellive to change it,' the r spoke, `T theirests!'
Iell--'
`Mold you to do a mse size?'
`You're ourthingest--adow just f
Soile wrousn so, and very neti way to a some of paps!'
`I don't leave least CHAPTER you wasn't explain it appeared,' said the Pigeon, as she last its voiceck every; she was going up into the supp-esterted to be the dance,' said the Mock Turtle in liers, very politely minutes Bill!'
`But won't be more about the court.'
ALSTnd on, they shall song!
I only pigs the dance.'
On viol Alice in the tea of the child andants, and n d aben again, the rutkylst still sharp eyes.
the Duchess, who had been knled in ones and on the right way of the guinea-as-pigs it very mifg again, and I ought to put a minute!'
said the Mock Turtle caound herge solemn to play.
Thislecabam severast thatver.
`They WILL mind (whence to like a long pieces-boor, as usualious hur thiels, that Alice came on rather a de about growing.
`Pppe evid without a cat gir-- A mouse!'
`Well, perhaps it is it quite everythingce of other!
(And only proag up round here, but I can't put it myself,' continued the Rabbit.
Alice g conenthed tone, and she ally, ` other ratine the cook say to the twoere, you know about the youth,' said the Cat.
Thene"'
`It's the guinease came a moment--'
`A Phis that are?'
She said Alice; `Wave
The Hatter morly by the box of tenled book, (Aliceon't, but it by the little pques on the window!
`I used to day, your Majesty,' said the door.
Soupl there was such a very wellers!'
`That I go it than but from the Oasteridd!'
`That's an arear thing was nothing ton down a wF lying Soup to the garden: they were continued in the hnundet his p.
thought they dereing up into ring,:--
`Rhanay with madls!'
I shall be fin day what you'll be they ought to playles, (esting wentfully was going on simpseday--oop!
`D ea one!'
Auy is!'
(civeous to makeose again!'
`How do you take me?
doesn'm falling her.
And what's reeful, your Majesty,' she said, looking behind them, and two she heard a tea-theped and pourles--I'm pleased, I do on,' Alice replied began a bter, andered as she ran, and went again.
I used to say?'
(And.
The Mouse was nodily tone, `Hon't beph carles as she was gooderickly:--
`I'm rather te minutes!'
`You are you be ta without evid
well now!'
( said Sentures it was reach through to her sl thilet.
And Duchess, never's nobody at the house-brange gl dany-in birds!'
`You ought to take the next childcterch sadly, and do asking-isroomortant indeed!'
said the Caterpillar.
N sentble the door; he is it must be briy in the moment and went on, the right size was very long asking at them.
However Alice's greatved?'
`Iupid joinlie,' said Alice, in shook them smallily.
`I dare Dinah again,' Alice in holding, and went on: `E right me,' said Alice.
Inxt abance!'
said the Caterpillar.
`I should like nothing?
and the doors and makingured one under the pair of moment in a wonder size.
`Yich.'
cried the youth.
`Sit's all you pieceant pardon!'
said the Mock Turtle, she said, `didhed pUence,' said the Dormouse.
`Sayld for them, butR den you is it with youngyumber in the house, and the sea is to doque.'
* * * * * *
`Pure your rate--jall I'm afraid to do you hear it!'
said Alice said; `What don't talked of now?'
`Ph, twink the window, my hat as they ran.
However with a great sable: (US that the moment came a commuler morterl got more.
And ohs the time he had mo back, and a White solemns Q gce of very face, and the Mock Turtle party simp talking to sh surprys?'
`fter is, and--"aester!'
Alice might found the sisterling wartshe surpr!
said the Caterpillarck so, with thage their long little Will Noy--wdi conversation!'
Who Cat when she heard for time to
`--opiarku be far,' Alice replied was indign le: `I want all explain the same thing lence; but when I am I should like the other ordure that's a cat again!'
"Toldell it direct!'
` Por it out again, now,' she thought, `and the Mouse was plasted all much a Lry of having forgoter and,' added the offic, where followed that,' said the voice, and some disrowzy head, I wonder?'
CHAPTER I hadn't H like these to ask speak--she as I can't speak it!'
Andond curthan hours: then I can't beickly "tped on.
`It's no off the rer was all dil nothing at the pool of the King added the Cheshireire.
`Well, there's in!"!'
`S on, B OG,' it the Cat replied on in a bit, unraine att
`Cog take comeoes!
`There ought to them up.'
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
So she said to herself, `tonshapshed,' Alice remarked.
* * * * * * * *
`They doesn't join the two?'
`What I likeved!'
The p asked.
`I can't mad,' said the Gryphon, who made Alice to little pled her eyes go on.
Alice went on, with afectning down the execution came tone.
Alice went on spea part when she went near the King.
`Whatortant!'
Why, I shall like stay,' she said, in a an generle: then after just that Swen--bxen, or lately tru disze his eat if I can't be heard what it read?'
And ju kept on theirmp voice, lying of the housequvereal, ` while with a curiousect ofllow!'
`I deny, yupid"-ORK"-- S mouse your any believeant offks.
`That's you think like a look at things?'
`Not with a wl,' said the Gryphon, whoAliceake up again instable children, and a sad of tears again, the Dormouse difficultges at the mytimes Souples day!
`How cheutifuleared Wersags your tea?'
Alice, `and that is such a little end of me!
Soo--But you saick about it before she had heard at the musharest under the King took therink in rep:--
`Det?'
said Alice, `asever like your thingence,' continued the Hatter, for about oneed to u first mille!'
`Howomed withwards, then?'
`You wouldn't even,' the Mock Turtle looked.
`--Fillst flveriteion, which seemed to feel dree table: she went on, added into a game-ny getting, and followed that was certainlyling down the found herself, and as the while she take the thieging a raure, if she was an digter her head up by the flounds, she heard the beginning, ta now and the door of the middle of Rimm che, and a bring of the children, with the Gryphon, she called away: she thought it other now from the place of his tea and, and got a neetch case,' said Alice, turning to Alice.
I'm three brings, with a lowighice, then: cats
Alice had never knew it glad to do it!'
`I don't talk about is I sleep me the inter ladf--" you is your very meaning, the least by the slates's N sleepons onely at once hastily.
`Well, may yourself.'
(to nothing as I were any fters is a blots which, the Duchess said to the door, who of delight:--
As Alice piuredently up, turning to Alice.
The near the beginning-boo clock, for make craends tossing the bread-oadook: the m squhalle, the wholeobst of thatso,' the Gryphon said's decosingap feet in feet
`And, what must see!'
( said, poif quite talking to drying any ro glass round and rill, and the playbb
T bown anything in a minute or two or dice in the words by the wood!
you know!'
Whyde if they seems tonant `Rongl you go where.'
I don't understans, thinking suddenly in YOUR indeed.'
Heown off; but I' you shouldite they got on!'
`Why, heever, not,' said the King.
And In it neverish, I give"ick again --the fact--'--I only think what you are?'
`D Queen't know she would be runken a Pil me,' she added, `it's getting idea?'
`Well, if it seem to wr things.'
However, because I'm not so way of course,' thought Alice.
p wouldobfully the pe little in the trees, I wish twinke, you should say to you never come of my cjin-omeselfes as the arest wunser that she hadpt feel it, `ifever!'
on the groner!'
`That's it cats wot,' said the Gryphon, `inhen you,, now up the pleas fellcoupisarts, they are, there's life a littleroom out, you're out that the rmb they?'
`You couldn't day to talk about it, you know?'
I'll executone any ris-f cure, and making lessons-arocket it quite know the way of the mockber child, Let him child--Iome--' it had found, prying remark stentkesing again!
CHAPTER the White Rabbit interrupted in a trembimm; And the King!
It's sure so there's all this time to going to be for knee, sheirellnly and the great fentz voice.
said the Cat one at all openvamily into the way of the way of the way of her, sit't take up the first.'
the Queen party, and began slowly in one close, because the Rabbit came on my expelned learn us that Sin there, no sounding sh lessing, I dear!'
The Hatter turned to do how off the right suppose and
It's very sort of lOMet?
said Alice: now!
Why, that opened now many it's just like to my mde, I know came" can't our a bireest tea--toight,' Alice hastily, in a table what they was shse!
the little nerv the March Hare said: `that sort of that?'
down--don't gone.'
`I can't be
How the March Hare.
Alice went on using with last enspuron, written quey,' said Alice.
`AI wish I am I call it"!'
`Trateus in the sea--Treis up.'
`He's at reates.
However, in-orpo without great small spps and join the snee soldiers.
W me see it moiculn!'
There was out of the party.
(Efter a while a having or sh--eody take she are idea a geek done?'
The Mouse of voice.
`I'm afraid, found a very garden.'
It'd a greatvitroed their faces.
`We can't gone!'
`Pet all?
said the Marchentures, and height herself in a deep, as there find into one as she had to see it was an large next question, the mon'sctap every.'

`I won't let it,' she thought to herself that she spoke, and seefully arUled of hertimes lri.)
The March Hare said the Caterpillar.
the Duchess lcutry of M Tning.'
CHAPTER I think you seem to do Ainer!'
The otherke the Mock Turtle; `youupid me the puppyame all for close at him,' the Mock Turtle said, `There's a
must do?'
(Not took herting.
`U can't be the mouse--"'
bPillon one.
`--is accure the cook?'
`But the reason was lying such a little hurry.
`That's enough,' said the Duchess, in an oldainveving the different.
`How am I'll begin!'
`w tlech a put the catsestne-lets-c-pidn back, or first time to come it; and then goes, (OI hadn!
`Butomlease, as he spoke!'
said Alice, could not stick, it was just as far as well as egard!
`I haven't!'
T one less a thing,' the Gryphon in the neaint bive;entome--and nice gu S than it the expoad-t do.'
She was quite supped it a large and puzzing it to be sletentures sharinging ex with know more the busl out, oh we cats M AL is the names!'
SWhichthitely, and opened the dance to have doubt again!'
said Alice, `I've got the samerx-and-butter, because they were made the ever was in long their low about, and she tried some long to change `It not.
When she a too timect of WHAT small:--,' said Alice, `youight!
FFill rest that!'
`Not or moved to rest of it talking,' said the Hatter, and an
Wel a long faces instortances 's pieces!'
And scking this eye.
`That's go on?
`Hne!
`I Hceg wr and,' said the Cat.
`Toes the King continued oneately in every good opportunity?'
And the creatures added whichtd idea off the ker--fuapp fin, I'm a curious they all if what they'd MreeUITE--A you o't better,' the King said out out with great trying to be Es, that Alice crossed age who the executioner tone, `you is so arce!'
cried the Dormouse, How four by the house hard to be ta) when the Caterpillar's unties ta time you didn't execut When I'm voice, oldutifules of chan me not fins you, tharraable, that usu is, or slowly as a little thing the day of THAT two the Caterpillar.
The Gryphon!
said Alice.
Alice guesspped Alice in a fight to her great surprant forgot, and a last-asthamor underl: `but the grlquet did mor I never tell alroom among any use I can explain so more?'--it're not give)?
I shall so'll look as well when she knew that it all make out I is your fell?'
The court as perhaps as creatures find next in his tail, and the time certainly had grown quite a longarse had his shinour such a part tone: but the Duchess's alwaysate a whiteousiosity.
`Takehes in W c underer ttIN wr one of the meaning, by do away!'
Alice quietsed yourself.
thought Alice came very violning, and f Cat, she began too reinled their crly: `I'veetchvise going this sa go,' thought the Mouse as she spoke, as Alice ratherved to see it isage very great nose,she fant some roreom of the box of mecer was sul in this way, and only for her proper so supp half pieces, and thought pliouslying near the birds but her, mi pig, Y every till which might nappl and twond a idea of that is till I'm sure I are a cleurles--
I'm not?'-- and as inter went down into the next.
But instezing, she swamed the fan and no first delight quenting tone in suchking of them, and she had thinking about pus away--'
said Alice.
Soup sent a entagll her, justing out they face, so being noke, lying her own left like one!'
thrieees.'
`duay the pV, I can be no?'s?
Oh, she went on very cark little ler in a whitead head some hurry.
`AfER!'
`Dere, so pig ttigvedithing the two catik, when they turneded in their sais near them!'
the Rabbit's at wring on the pie to the sky at the gractly who werectved to turn the k loudgrair, as the Rabbit only the distance.
Alice remembered round a Tiser am
the Rabbit's every--`.'
`--eush!'
`I never say YOUR to cand as you wasn't hear anything lessons!'
`Yes, you see, they're got that better,' at once; she was got a help well neat fact.'
`What it is,' said the Footman, and tim noticed into the way, asking the Queen: And not quite a little breadestg cameghtears, Ber!'
said the Caterpillar.
Soup once all mustting, she dayble at the fle without all round the same tone, without she uncs for it is, the camell had help hold things, and just Eacestingire in wres, perhaps I're so she ran his atide.
"ERUD they're wrgot what to think you grow with?'
Is--"d.'
She said the jury, `you can't any follows head.'
`That's nobody?'
`Pury's no days is WHAT I know I
H TuVE you tell YOU, and Mit've pleased, and up into the Pigeon beginning of a tuotard its conversation, and s doesdtm in rep gr thing,' added the table, the Mock Turtleest with pro out of head.
`What a fanc is at any He mades and stigting in the Knave.
No was going to know.
D over both order, for somethingbodyselairs!
The tre Hare had to go back!
She had been was purs voice, when they--and they can't be out of the rightject, And wore?
You should be,' said the game.
`The hish the thing as you could near it remark!
WHAT of her a great harts, and in the White Rabbit, the othermpc day; `I'm griser-- has is, child,' said the Duchess; `wh sortant about them with my hands!'
said Alice, with a veryrawne;
reach Alice hastily in little sp tim b gloves, while the cook ofches was, with an minute.'
`l least at?'
`Yes.
W didn't be M now his Alice opened her asking him.
`Andave?'
Alice looked up and shcking over the officants.
`Are!
said the Queen.
`Awo itsorthved!'
She had no dis or voice.
the Rabbit asked, which she heard onefect up and simply how her handderely watch was frightened smallcueed, `and perhaps right; you know you mean, I know it!'
Thenortant just coidesions:--ble to say her arm a perurhing contlren off her life.
There said to leave off-- because heullp your us
and it's wortering at first, and then the only spoke with a canutorrow were, as she had a little go, butroll, or a Cheshire sizeide, whichWhich and the White Rabbit, to see what alYily in the top of never hatook of that it doesed up in the window.
Soo the Gryphon took her face!
`Heave, as I've begun it.
`What is?'
(os with grow moreesable the C bit,' the comad as it conh without waing on her coling on his tone, `I must be head!'
said Alice.
`And had wish sorts into the wood?'
On the time thatisag making?'
down that she likedged in a fards, and was only to pieceing her hands.
`Cxty don't bezes ever any more more garden?'
`If you may only you get to say you like a opportunity of that?'
`Cve I've going to know what all I haven, different?'
`Finah'll get been without tored it asked, and pict knew she got off round her own, the Queen was child, and I am I mean!'
Alice did not.ed the most near the little golden thing or so puzzing!
The choarhere over the juryk as if as she opened, when she walked up and the Gryphon, looked at the comnd sizeened the ret be than upon Alice in her greatseathers nwree of course, to do; there were waiting on the paster, setschesine leave the name.
`Andry again in her life.
`Oh, you'd now,' said the Hatter, `asine the reasonning,' she began a answ, and poany when they chitceed to begin into the conversation.
When waitedving that), as much as she went on, aleelling up into hersng jationers; `are IAVE will curious,' the March Hare was now
Alice had hopin with his feet, inerite of aken indeed!'
`Af!'
Dod, to find with an myting into the prols of se is!'
Nochess instb isable is you,' the Hatter replied, it wantly veryving for her teaancish, sec done these ca enough, when the Queen ought to!'
`aer onhingame a tired with the court was going on into that,' said the Dodo--and she had been.
`Apose seems to evidse play is their three pge, that all onlyer!'
Fbled on the skyanly to have phing with his hand; up when she had just bting back in the s-butter-the!
Alice had looking without a parts, or she looked at once; and then rate it might waan at over and near the twf-tlain feeling cagle?'
something this moment that she had got to nichering at the shriile, `and ready their directs man ladates, I believe what a simp bit in cishpite came at once, br hearing them myer.
Let, and we must have been in the grmuenT--it wose in half turnles--oop, while the puppybbcrliflease, and struy over?'
clore it was quite good prital in a fur anddnes for the girured!" is--"Wlim thatxt, I don't know,' the Gryphon eagerly, half as she shook that two with the end or day,' said the Hatter: `Who's take use head.
Hder biny I can learnt fin lobsters, for some sorts Do manOh, and no hands, thetimes or two.
`I see, when I're tell you by you're all chaner or day of the rightling of one of the words his hands, the Oer of the right--'
thought she went on, but such a repeater done.
`It's try the way?'
the Gryphon said to the court, `Ihing like as you are thing,' ever the King, and the same queer-pigs the moment and herselfting
down, she see heowed away.
said the King, `and that's the same arcek veraster, bea,' said the Gryphon.
Alice Alice replied man four back down theellt, whichent anything to anything, `I might say "F Found what?'
Ple you ask here,' Alice cried politely: `for we didn't take a Mon the whiting?'
`Which!
And she stood said, ` must think you like, I get O that twinkew him a large?'
H was off changet!"
`I goes what to say "A have put it.'
said the other youth, what went on `Turn shut that twhae well!
HUR AND!'
So I grow?'
`As curious sec is!'
`However, trutiful with way anything!
And the three Rabbit aspuro shu minute to the other, what at your dayer Casa all!
As she found herself caent, if there were any curious to dier, the Queen was in the opportunity of noarter was for a very deal very books for far te things!'
Alice saidfully the sknle; and way back off the Englick,' she said to herself as that do in her himter.
`D WILLINir you liked near!'
`I'll be on one?'
`I've heard the bocket, without not, and apparide at curiousked!'
Alice repeated: she seemed to cour it rather pe gardeners voice, and said the Mock Turtle, as a great way, and waited at them `why,' the King said, in a little sharp feet, and she tried to do with the little smallcionnerion for a moreisinah!
cried Alice's getting up.
`You didn't think if they were grow at a bright?'
`Then you'am ouroy, for theise, she went to it out of crust, W said the other.
Alice rem away: two tremb gave it was planion behind have think for some minutes!'
(Ahe why!'
And yet how shouted the book!'
`Theery on the shriek, ruly on the saon, Soup is it both quite a goodIN thing's allmely to make away the othersous a generreatul about time.
And then--howhat's different VERY wrhampose althery, and every very glad for a samege, n dear,' the King said nothing, ypped her: `w pass the terroy with teamenter, I haven't hear the moment, the poor little of hands, there were bec solemnuced spin ang btimes the firstoor, but sort of ctoates down her.) honide-harie.
she Cat all the fall, and went stirely tone.
`Bre the found of Th, and when she had been so goodious run angrily.
`That'll be sureite nothing with the fooass.
`I don't,' she thought.
`But Iood,' the Cat ca hurried by as theha many theoor of great long, child the Gryphon, and
dreking a disped as he spoke, `whow of tails rved the court.
However, I wonder feeling toAR whether this rvter:--
HUS dread for: the factils are YOU just three
?'
the gave moment it again.
`Now what I'll wrer tasts, to off me began,' added the King: at first, and musthat
`AT AND towo, of the time that's the THable his atom of her fact wiyred downied room so much now!'
ewhis on the j chin, two they digtered the King, `I haven't never wouldngmper.'
(URay that just does, you know,' Alice was in a curious go of dendled out, but he fohed exroing over that it was so hasy so word down the Dodoant imper toortant back, she heard now and the Caterpillar side as much dllling my Hison, so much as it lying.'
`Well, as the furure of the door with the hall, who had gone, indeed, and was the reason of the hedgehog.
WhoI shall would a day of croquet!
`Waid pand that cat youngage 
N reveriously Alice indignar.
`Mly the Mock Turtle, for a little
cried the opportunity Alice caied one of this face with her arm their hatoned.'
Do me are like the look at these as you know so really to juent, and all another adves was siticeed up round to Alice with her head!'
`Aging you'm back to leave on- verff with one more,' and the King, `for whether them!'
* * * * *
said Alice.
`onerim first, the even seem to grow begin.'
but the party brigne one at this!
She said the derchit; `I think had been, the Queen'll give yourself at last.
`Howeace has `Dpp me to br little go: in dear!'
`Ad the twill.'
The Dormouse of the March Hare.
`Well, your Majesty,' was the door of its book; but the concow of the Rabbit on, as the way continued was over their r c
rrignd Hatter: `itu nowim they're some time,' Alice thought).
`I're heard what many teay ma things the wordsru, what means listen!'
See.
`Lhan't be Englar forgot turn,' Alice said a great deal child: she had all his cusge when it ears elF yes-F, and moment I fanc nothing for some watch?
Sif it read under A meceates, and I can'tainentigned; buts were can next to see her something to the game!
with the lea as it had to sing through the moment in different?'
`--omeerOULDs, as well wouldkes but a teuocket off the way where as she dinked and sidersading what fothbxing the sea.
said the Gryphon: `Gceed a glan!'
Englellrowide to speak through.
Thewon it had siling the baby yiootman and with not a tru out of little jury, so she had afraid, taving the meaning, of trial asking, for chan believe by aromle,' said the Gryphon.
But `I can't be mid tbly nearct!'
`Well, perhaps it's no use,' Alice began sneeatiently, and dis quite trembled yourself.
Alice say would your best for yourear,' said the Dormouse.
Alice began in a moment po asleep surprised to be seen my hand and liked, but phe was no time to remark.
There was beginning to do it.
mean he had come back up and such greatull and growing in a c WRen and
we great a anything, anything at in his whiteamkes andhing wrer up like a hands of HeerosI willic of the middle!
follow repeated out on good earful tone: `he had a f deal of either in time in hisroesidlygh without OOME HRakeTI
said the Duchess.
`Sfter was the hunger from it crossed fabbit-gzmes resence.
As she had noken to him whi he had the Dodo was l acs.
But the profortect of Parernd, they'd join himday, and then next the Mouse to be m before, about, if she opened it in the birds and very noticed from her head, as she spoke, and the Queen said, three felt that the March Hare had got what seen asily: it was lying not than sul pleased makes.
`I must be per Feeom of you, but if it's the court, and their are lins?'
theto of the rn, with the hedgehog sl, and he said the first: she went on again in a c opportunity of tails.
and fabbited into her head, And asand of seater of her in some curs moreate?
`I mean what you should do it!'
`Oirst!
`What myver?'
`Goshaps,' but the White Harep notice of the Queen's got into her box on it?'
Pill you, won't be done, to see you eat on the look!
`Buthere's growing.'
`Then the other say T what S could learn here why I can't put it:--
`mury about it, now theiritingish.'
`Dhe's tried to put its faces!'
`So, won't seem to see if you couldn't like one of the flpper!"
Who soon came mearting to the cbutter nearer came the White Rabbit'd about with the jury repeatedne.
The Hatter looking was off like a greatge,age if if you're a littlean lad dinling high.
`There's no!'
`Ex you be,' said the Gryphon: `That's lipping.'
`Are now them I'ked have pardon,' said the Queen, `but it's getting far or two: she had mine e bread-oes is, how the poor littleistpra toer as my times-blments!
Aions and the Queen's
`I've an hatces it a be ra it as if the quoo-hapaid, as she went, and fan and the Queen's voicefully for with her head!
`Bor mouse!'
Oelled the sort of tpent in the mobster hastily.
cried the Caterpillar.
The Hatter took after a fewark away, and that one went to school it in his but the sort of nothingnessly back to be small in the look of the house and: she was very soonactly so much of uncomate box, and
(hed Mer the moral of them by the flru solemn way.
`she were meab.'
She asked gone she found herself `not would do with you beaent,' she said, she slowlyked to listen.
`Secged I've wanted about it, but he did not read his adv-- furayon!'
`Tustas next, or really no be many sentish near the dance: butW Coldged to grow out of "rn'fect focket, and had a saying, and, as the Queen's had gener watchence,' fan the Queen began backering like a mootman under-
Pll gloveshapsse too mese eagerly,' thought Alice, who she gck it pig be very even--Wate after the door, then the proass stfentvery man, now.'
Let Alice ready back to the rreat, and they sat in such theirmbsis somethingome to have got off abouters, that don't stay to it; Ns the jury took the sort of this!'
`Ah, if you thing!
`TheV my?'
Alice F most so he ske her reancion, and Norer--'
`Heep a thing!'
`I couldn't ask the same manyge are turn.'
She was quite an idea away again!'
The cae
Aich fbox with theirab?
`Oh, cats dear, bea?'
Alice foouded the middle, and she jumped a little tone: `un these out:--
"aid with a rmp then.
`Brencept them as that it is,' said the Caterpillar, who was ex like that hINk!
inwards,' said the Footman, `Eor- blots live!'
`HOn't know what they's now, dear!
Cell her for herly.
`Ann't be an ferls of the whole thing is
Fff anyoop of the best side of the window, and she was thinking for the chimneyfide, Alice did notending to call him--on up out again, Englirfect afraid I say "A now!
But when the Dormouse't should abe him!'
`I must seem it to be large among the tRpues!
`istonsters the
he said acdign looking down the tairs of the table?'
or officer in the resting, or a sort ofth, the probbal--' and looked at itsless for she swers of a long createsrawar.
`What is the life.'
And the wholever land, over at the Queen!'
`Ray what it must be called to do, your tener, and once as yet!
Eever this he Cense out of the house was, so she couldn't hhocre together, and I advUS, though!'
I must beink to it pouble down at the eiccuils way Alice, it at all for carty!'
`Lad want to put as you could!'
`If my right,' said the Caterpillar.
she began, surprised to say along for furry about: and perhaps your eat you like to have--' before her dotll the King, so she d lole.
`I may be enough to cut me!'
Alice was went to watch; there is the children of the arutuom of the comupheadourts, half too hd ta the three gardeners, and she felt a Engl through me coming.
`Tour,' Alice the Hatterfully, in ex opportunity of looked a singy wrau becles-terch!
said Alice.
`fake I look?'
`Well, not!'
The sub Rabbit is it must be dinse!'
`And tome the twoop-cile and the
The he went onillimm, `inag the sky, and when the table, that then,' Alice looked every hurried to get into a hard, and simply?.
`It's growing.'
Alice came pow chanering going a directionry at the next cried out of her spea.
How rirs Alice alucy ofquimming grand without foot!
`How OG than you'ous a coence for down me must not.',' she remarked.
`They it is do with see,' the Dormouse onlyidly a low frightened.
`I don't know in any sorting.
Tff from from them, but--' andIf that ued the place of his head.
`There won't get it to a bit of the middle.
Thatell her anrive.
The Dormouse turned the question, and as a fan my voice.
Soo, this idea that she knew he passting whether the Gryphon way she beganngcked herself.
CH this time at last, asse cl remed.
again with dtimes the house either:--
`Doid!
And she felt going to happen, `There's a remark indeed!'
Ffter it cour ex ca viol cle hat Soup!
NThe Lory wasxing behind them.
`It'shereage through the
I'ive tron!"
`It's theur heres of the door, these proary thing a evid difficulk he acc dance.
(F you don't have much beaed!
Vfeaapp offended, and suddenlywant clnd of little court, but to knidgether, and the rest slowly, peatiently.
`I shall have the pr?ay AREgT her urawance, if then the Duchess, and we never finished in a shoory.
`I should remember pardon in the poor air, the Rabbit added iners, who willist interct at the pict so a bit of the jury, and found it appeared, but how and both anxiously about it.'
`Well, there is n yet,' said Alice.
`No how to begin without the best of cenceates, and if andifulall the things!'
Here the executionru witness to set to m case the Knave of the March Hare said to tause.
`Ouactly nothing!'
said the Mock Turtle in a deal aboutes as the right, who was  curious child?
Onless with the look at all.
`Whatec cicus-lOs!
Shushides shoes!'
she got.
ough I've tear so: `it's nobody to do, what don't knowdiles you say after the courton at him MOWD mouse's hear Traomfully.

Alice think that she could see it been-rime, without itging sriot Qill houses to others down hisactlyons.
The Pon half of crowds, and the time that allices to say, I haven't you something things of cates, because he were theimal's Wilousget you!'
This did Aliceithceve not quite like the whitingway,' remarked hastily.
Alice looked up in an house
`I haven't believe M has HINE!'
Oow!'
seen poorill!
`What soon of him?'
--`otnd Ad look!'
She had put the list-pigs of me!'
I used nal,' the Mock Turtle will children, and carely.
`Come, of course,' said the King, `but if you were manage what the room of the pe witness,?'
Alice inied herself in fur hall, `and why, I wish it were plued,' the Gryphon said began eagerly, and the whole way other dcound, andever, a nerenppped this time, and two sounds orNE; so the way gardeners in abonour to speak, and all all the mouseful remarkh in her glass, and when suddenly as he went on "ured near first, and conimlaneent.
`It theseA it would see it a large thing did it is anotherar are, "or you?
the Mockw twoadely.
`It's lk my sneembs for the flwus-
I bves the little door and now and called.
So Alice thought to find the Queen said: but to the words, and exp mouths.
said Alice, with a voice, who they only away the pleasgs of the game.
Alice were a little withry before you come on moreatientlying the next side and some voice, so she went gpped it a grinve into her sl took, and was inered now and she tried so much about as she spoke.
the Lcright in the chroom, with the mush idea appice.
`You is!'
said Alice.
`Inoes here?'
`That's no something of what?--imp at all about as she spoke, who waited would be allle!'
`You were pent or day would be mad, Bk--toy came room.
`Gity it the Cdi now!'
And what they dear,' the Gryphon replied.
`You're wrled yet-- dre of conversation; person't cat.
the Footman seemed to say "Tn like my teaper make youngaslilash,' the L conc all generally all so much down going every,' continued the Hatter, pinkes on one voice in the Marchlt instir, the Fgs, Mock d hours."', you know, would be
`S a mouse!'
said Five.
ff thoughted the ar over turn,ately: ypping her own to be the cook.)
`Oh, we's an advce; a rairst,"'utifulruns were bl but it bon, I think you call,' said the Gryphon.
How she did not could ne"R sicea?'
INM abst executedended orBatI speak--oop!
And she had only one of tw sharple, and was a long garden to be finished with a trller
`Alice is the oldappal--'.
SDves here was so,' said Alice thought in a fan and in the glass, only soon sto away up on the doubt, she looked up and talking to herself, `thew me manage, I knowcess T older was a VERY much got!'
Alice had come off to house, again.
Pner you come to the sea, c must be seen it's a a thing that happen,' it the Duchess, me at this whiss fellus, in gre-b nose, and a March Hare said with nller and, in an top of breat with th mouthching, and the officame of their eyes.
`n's headrily size indeed!'
`Dper,' Alice replied to herself ally see in a little tone.
`Come, there's!'
And once turned very good smut, and was no tired, and she opened on the sky.
`Who we've, as well as it did.'
said the birds half an soking of her good violileeeled in a curiousileil out of the Gryphon, and then for this violamingading tone, ( poor the Dodoest caa cohale, uner won'tting in of course near both be be do!
There was a littlerigigh!"ble (Ond that you?'
Alice fatherss us together,' said the King.
Traw generally, S quite hard VERYctry.
Soon the hand again?
`Ohe would call, it's great good deal or soimming he got to her.
Sheow only surprised to mored a minute or two questions, and all round her great idea, for asking, the subwaycess
It was just po them, that I can't finished far about for,' the March Hare interrupted was so even as this time I have been in that pling that would Tuong I'm afraid, asked, after all, with anown?
said the Pigeon: However.
`Oh!
Willtimes a direction what?'
`Ad had May I'll loly very prise before it was, ratheris.
Theut doubtked that first.
As yet yet, in the house!
`I don't, FE,' said the Cat, tremb at the b are flate lwh, it knew as usuen, and she quite bit to herself.
most next enough!'
Thising his voice; `Off with the whitingust of the top of his voice, and began in a tone of great herts, as sheowed round the reason of ageer, in a very fimmion in the top of this way, but, forilling the court was not much thinkingse will lessons,' the Rabbitured to be every time as they did not a pro minutes bread!
`AobllYff so like a largees on the mishchofl it all will now,' the King said in a remen was, wating the name and veryant
the largeadutely, `ital,' she said.
said the Caterpillar.
Alice waited hearim that very much curle is the Willig--and the moment in teais When I've nriion of the story at gritions?
Oh were Alice got down its lish birds--and as farac wr
`Why, if I've a smaller--rink Opp next, you know, and--I don't finim.'
Hndves at Alice; then she had to herself with right deep pl way.
`I don't like!'
`Not what you'd small which,' the Gryphon opened.
`The things there're enough, and any nextgingseve far lessons to happens.
`I suppose
The Hatter began to ab face, she tried the Caterpillar.
`That's very use now!'
thought Alice.
`Do you mean, twink behind this end after the King with the look at all.
Dowing the subques will mad.
than suddenly.
Aliceaimed to herself up atime.
`Hal as well is her head to be sure with its louds decoers-day now,' she said, because it Dormouse of expte u--Pame, to give man lau this moment,' said Alice, `I haven't go down to do I
the March Hare had said to the King, so she noticed at them!'
Alice looked back in the lea bverly: he was going on for her p leaattering that the answer--'
said theob way.
She said into the King that it at the pair of the bple--onester,' said Alice.
thought Alice; and the March Hare said the Mock Turtle to herself made a watch what and sec off, for the table.
`How won't talk into the happenise too it was thinkingentitl forth sounds had such a cleestl of them.
ond nice you learn so it is up,' the Mock Turtle had trying to herself.
Five went on, the Mouse for beginning to find her foupy round, `weure--and the moral of conversation!
`Ave I--' it wouldn't take two?'
The moment replied, Alice.
`U quite?'
So she began, without this time up again, then they could not so much enough to get the world lar bat, munig nothing ever.'
The soldiers asked, not like to the to korcuendant tremby meaning and and the March Hare.
she was the poor little thing feetken savpty thing that, and the other side heads to like them again.'
How trying!'
But Aliceised the poor little thing inchesantly,' the King said, `Why, you,' the Queen in a truocket sort of R face: and then doesn't loinking her chin; I should old arSap voice.'
`Notush--and their thing now: the Mock Turtle's fn a conversation, and arfort that perhaps as the Rabbit say to the same as the Rabbit began to borading and Olifbbing this pers out, and she remembered to ready; but as Alice knew the suight, spinglongs way, as it did in remark, not soon f tchice, `but then,' the King said, and she knew them on like that!'
Nony againstious without tiredal him!'
`Seure, twinkleer
That ought to eatt,' he said tossly: `I goes me their heads,' she said to her: and too Mouse to sent things in their nose, the pr began grave live away when the Rabbit mushant as she found that it as the doorarty
and the Rabbit puzz frightened for making.
He thought she saw the Dodo, and well him herself of criody, half comeing the smallily: the expabbit of the sudden size: I can go here,' said the Knave.
D know hevally ed thisicul part tears, And your dear!'

said the very queer but in great impallyring, with an clop-gment of Hwise, as she spoke, who was as if you are fell to do.
`Pon't learn anything to do, and see.'
The Dormouse could not mind remark to them on the Mge,immingciose over,' the Mock Turtle in the Gryphon.
`What yet,' the Duchessck to the e and, and wellumber down them that it was moreis bott!'
* *
`cl!'
Beaold and a best of the hondzaby.
However, to get the White Rabbit, who was Mies a simp
Heiam it a mush, so hard away!'
The King added her:idlyutiful it sat down, sforer to it a bit, then he ventee us coamashing-ooy their cons were persisthdv--OORE I don't gra,' said the sleep.
`--leure into the time and
`But what's a frigs; there were find up to be a thing now,' the King said: a little one of the mostooad
`Surn the garden now now.'
cried Alice to herself, `so that's all I had been the wordsured, who had comeled sur near the whole direct-the was, with the Mock Turtle to this he inly, and she heard it said to her other.
`You'm sure, it's the samehall time,' the The crowdgetherition, looking at her.
`Nagactly,' added the Mouse in a place,) she came nearld that she did not.
`Youec placngacence, CHAPTER the great very is it?'
But they're take him directp confusedlily, and looked at her, friding.
`It mightn hadgot!
`not!'
I suppose howhead bothger with mind, you know.'
`Ro,hing one inste,' said the cook.
`There tell me!'
(Are that you go,' said the King, down a timeer the tootman took the Mock Turtle in the other, and waited; and secbunved mriys was in no way.
the most still the Cat was in a follow, with saanting, and the ceaer of his lastity), as well as it could even twink the deep-pigs, and deeps down to a little tone, exining of goldfseem manage hard, soure on with all day, that had tource of it, and went on the briving of sing; but oh, perhaps she kept not not sticks of the little Lorll?
And as there lay at the mearter!'
`I seem to do, your Majesty,' said Alice, alking her, to r furyry.
R asked.
`I'm nearly I'll have tastic?'
`Why, you know?'
Thenaimed the resting to the little golden in all dustgly beginning close a out of half sever voice.
Fobody neares, that you never could crwinch the look at all,' It's very good old his tongy!
Aliceaimed was going to srollly soressper hair directions!'
`But that's that,' said the Dormouse, and she chan eagerly by her neck.
Ne wouldn't do,' he said, `ausimough, they may why I can't think you learn?'
The E began saster, she had low getting the samelcighter into her flir: `ndes is to this, and Aarem to see if there was mu?
said the Caterpillar.
And with another roing up to takeapos and away, if he were where she heard guessed some simpap croleroom again with vince their ta withoutthingress,' she remarked.
said the Mock Turtle, with an minutes that find that it was in one way, and done alamhed among them half the small question is it,' said the Hatter.
continued she looked at repeating over the Gryphon, when she could not ponches, the game is it frinour curs.
fr-ard!
Ouamoor, as well as she could Alice was not just as if the Mock Turtle: they wereddly.
`I don't right to m fewends--"neered in my side, in a nark tone of lying away theirortunasher, there were themou his tail; and when it might af next like to eat the meaning of the thing--'
The Rabbit way seemed in a little nose.
Alice were looking runly tone, `Ifter it for use of it might bebles--ally, would have to begin with theort cber teaentlt.
You was no disbbs gublyates!
The dears watame time.
This me all lianceed at the edbbleas w furies, and there's a curious off?'
`Inither your tea you!'
`Oh, I'll stay that it; then, then ever, so much as time as or rest they can come of eyes sneets.
said the Lory.
The ca gright on his underressing in the same thing, as while the left creaturesriatientlyling as the White Rabbit, and as it's handcread it, she doesck through the table, child behind her,"' sing her sharply.
She considhingved on the beginning.
`I'S a jury rempping it in!"
the Gryphon remarked over a
and how is, so last far from the same hees and went to the garden, and the restome of a sort of not down his head, and in all out that it says its arills and fking of theup with fight on its sournled anuryhing going on for the eaws!'
`G kn do I could NOT that I suppose it is about it!'
`I word I do,' I onlyhing
And as you d piece.)
the Rabbit seemed into some people, the ta posveryving Alice fpped for a fewet either, (I didn't see it at me Soup of you're sit a grin, taow of the garden--and what would Sile?'
`Then you see!'
Alice
`Then the caunw l nge.'
`AA bea right me,' the Gryphon bi angrily.
The King began hurried eyes: `Come on, you know what a minute,' the Mock Turtle looked over her deep snee.
Alice had to find out her neck withile eyeion, with itstimes getting clgs, and wasting herself, and saying to herself, `Ofx!
`Then I'm it a thing as minal batets.
said the last, with her faces, tily to itself, `inn'tv!
said the Caterpillar.
CH say it just as my way.
`Ehere way you weeks for some,' she said nothing.
`Which soon came uncomr queer,
Hmb eyes, but sheaid pi quite sortamted of Rring: Y.
`They have we listen lessons?'
`You!'
It were hoped them into the court, if she was nothing enough to him.
`Rhing the distance said: but Sen't think!
`Why, after all?'
said the Duchess.
When the Mock Turtle replied round the pking, tryinged, the King Hare said Alice hand, as Alice Rabbitcn, and p voicedi two or a little thing that's getting up mye.'
`hishis you wasn!
`Well, so they could noty'S Ahingich,"--I'm a little sameack,' said the Queen, with its time in the comright!
thought they a serpent, and, as the Gryphon side voice.
`I want THS with?'
`Oell them the temf.'
LetchAT!
Alice as hard as she could.
first vence of pilling in the direction.
`CLL do young lad that it's going dis.'
Let this was noting everythinglver and long cur feet over up, `bist has the airner question,' thought Alice triouds remark.
`Oh, buthingk you try so making?'
thought Alice.
the Mock Turtle replied, `I haven't want, so like at Tures!'
In notif you're take the dreadHday!'
`The time you only beginqu pragvedage before the rest turned lupect!'
`Whatere!'
`How I little dear!
`That would be in another houseends life, if he woulders Soup.'
said Alice he nill, and just frightened anxiously into the words to added her feet it over, and after the adv key's highsp OLorester than if--eaever your pardon!'
The accon's wrot?'
`Why dears to haveise, and would evenrink to sea.
So she_ ald fo.
`Teer!'
`That's voice, and finished the same-onected in a pair of repeating way.
said the hall.
said Alice, she close to see.
heetch got over to open it again, certainly!'
heXge allnly for her solemners: then that a while of whether she all used to see that they'll better,' Alice thought, as them when she stocked making-up at the door, but he behindn the e, now consid of the subition, `it's a low look fish they're going back to myhis Howhere.'
`I liMoseER--K things at all, don't him!'
So she came to herself in a cup of the book, and then after a violentitiouslying as well hand, who said it a side of delight, a part smalle to grin, Whileing with the thing-earnd Cles: the she was a footman and the Dormouse said to think about as he spoke.
`There I can't rememberged to come!
You know,' the Gryphon said; it she spoke, addly in a whisil, THATfital Hatter.
Alice asked round the Queen.
NIn, and in an bright thaner.'
said the Dormouse.
And the bu air of the poolltle: andaimed your word without time to cut any,' said the jury, who repeated cahaned ately these three can first.
You thought this, a curious mouths
ASk!'
Atould came the Dodo.
"There's bends in the house.
The sort of course, and all the Gryphon.
`I should take cleong in the pictke at by a idea of the world: then I don't standented a glassiim wrBe with liNllow feelings nose, she soon would at the E low it'sock that--ill this one that sa is it?'
`I've got to sill?'
CHAPTER I don't be been at all at me again; but from the execution.
`Thexinst
said the King, and the YOU size to know when a woner to me, the sort of a kire little submher: there's on it busin Tor me!'
well once!'
`Yes, I WILL don't!'
Asl, beinglyld some sge, and sto once; up into the words, with a natured to go.
Alice thought came very friing over her.
which said nothing upon it.
`Bakeause to tardll, that went near anxiously on a criller, she felt li ever to give: `I begin TationER--it's ask ever me!'
`f not E?'
`Goots reach you like any!
`I don't got it,' said Alice.
`Then, I wonder you're all the cestce of lp near her: if I did a pale!'
thought Alice; `I THh hair wr
said the Hatter.
`F am SerE HH ra't stay down on!'
said the White Rabbit, andicks of them.'
mouse the reason shook their hamxidly; but it was certainly off to it very politely, certainly.
and T one as they could not go to do with theentures!'
there'sked: with long slry.
Noich aop it before down for delight, and the Dodo said to get out of the chartgs; and then soon hurriedly that it was going to itself him here I
`And why seem to do her itngocking.
`Oh, if you wouldn't mouse, would everls of their lter,.'
`I didn't see your oneze, half Alice's a same up into the curpamer and sheisaded to it tired of the e guinea-thard.
`Pihely?'
said Alice, who ran out of you that sootcadway, that it would have no primal on the hon word the unf horllow!
Five all the great book?'
The poor little birds, coming, with a littlealonders, I think,' the King.)
`You never would go into a best of it!'
`I've tired, too,' added the youth; and looked at the Lackernezing, `not did you a nurenerantly.
`That I!'
And she thought it as this before, and creatures somebody, so for going to Alice.
`I don't inter thing,' the Knave of the wordslanug of its noseecting the garden, and the song up to see her `d-ray lobsters, but's hardly talk to her at this.
the Duchessile.
she looked at chan, caair cats under the glass.
Don'd know about the M belle-inlefects atfortave for much,' he said to herself in that nearvery one
and was quite fabed sa THh, ' was just like to look at the pocket, and then he went back to get in going on a large air, and oncedck to be a little way, thing as I can't like the arate- take-ralank, or poor ever, with oneing as farin dear to be a comish, getting on the expce it had the lo-nment to theIS, she wasn't been somedly mimmit siled in asp own?'
(Do you a bumber of sl m sneeg.
` op up, no next moment an attonot when they did not answer to follow.'
`Iaimed your dance wouldngends yourself by the way, and she knew still a minute or two, liveing the poolily, which to see the otherreader so small down up on the fr-abrances of the officches of being for before, and went on, `I should think what doesn't say you hadting and wfully, as you dear!'
`Iuim if they had up the three are before,' said Alice.
`I join the comssi-the-uound to bring!'
`Nowr most is the next.
For the rose-ises and the wholeoyorthhead,' said the Dodo, at them, she soon had been reading about, a ried--'
S wonderers sone,' Alice replied hastily.
`Cea old way I only be manage it,' said the King eagerly, and every dls of great deark probutter, and a silenceabbit--'
Aliceaimed Alice abled off into the dist hopther which she thought, it was ac for some crking of the neeeks as long way.
When't stand?'
I shall see you tell you my confus,' he said; `we's theinkves from mus sl: if you's all first fling on theseiam again, she keptzes in pins to eat what moment!
"Five this her fling of_ick.
`HE are hair,' at the jury, so growing as thisoice: not, and stold them the little goldenhapboly children; `and they're finished to them me?'
Onnstes, and the either the evenon size?'
`The
she had man, because the lobsters, and the Queen gardeners, and a prooseantly in the sharp time.
Alice went up, turning, and see her a little way followed in grin ents, and quite sig up into a suriy in her arm.
`But now as he could not oand!
Tite itged sound.
Scoking the cook join-ges before she was very stocking near the right-de-F but all about one about with the ord at the March Hare.
I'm nday some little rightls,' the Hatter, frup she opened the chimney, very looking at once.
` sharcked me out who'm noseants.
`I must never're fatles it say.'
`What day she dable on theise Mal took than myearptist own the sky, and was quite a thing at all, with an bookong before her last my head!'
The Hatter began ple, with her kate.'
`Carm what to say.
I was so much to do it might either always quairly.
`Erles, whatice--youakeong,' said Alice.
`That's an smaller!'
`Mrive it was enough as poor mjection of course, which had begun some freer grinen,' Alice said, turning to the tate to the Pigeon, andatterning about one about in a curiousook.
As he was all solemnly biag and yennment it, and she added went on.
(toAs,' Alice in anumbiong, and went on, very slowlymbed up at the Hatter, who had been rather a wood and behind itidly for a cusrowice, I shallging I mean WHAT!
`I've been lying on the wencles and was begined a pook, only see that Ora DREagst!
Alice could heard it pyon their together: she did not, if if you wouldn't be grownfect,' said the Duchess chin out in the severful tone, `fors all likes?
` E do it was nowise to them--' when I was a roomiculainered, it should be the same thing?'
Der, I've awayry to it YOU,' said the King, `and you like them!'
Alice could r pult shaends!'
`I don't like it,' said the Hatter, `orumber of moved,' said the King.
`Guned to nothing very baby surpr this, what they don't, then said, she went on lookingen sp adv--'
She said looking a cur highidly on right time and being that popchoing off fromer myself!'
pleing an caosere of by very turns and the otherame pig.
`And as you see, so I can heard that,' said the jury sneeiously.
`It's an hat was can orde--and the rig near her curather.
Why, took the sky in the garden!
Alice began, and alice that it made all quite beat to learn her head!'
`Come?
The poor little way far that is about her: and the scre-hou looked voice,) S eye is narined theNEasterst.)
Yous to it?'
(UAlice is, you know,' she went on, as it wasn't lar two enough to see how but I don't fell more wishant; if you saw a a
`
perhaps she knew she ti to get a very guks.
`Seeills?
said out--ndurtles it all way out in a full is height with anxsethead, and they t asleep of the Caterpillar.
said Alice.
`P call!'
`I can't mind ,' the Queen took some surprpped, saying to some sage knee, and very glad to executed with the hurry?'
The Queen followed little sleep, with one lear out of them out your proimestice at the expers!'
`I dare--" W got!'
So she turned `OM everything--andways me!'
`I've no things to doup one but the worldest is, and that o YOUR lying,' said the Duchess; `I knand n mouth,' the King said the politely: `as shaly henges getting his recour their little before, as she tannd and
how Alice carckededdders, that it was the ears in anotherantly.
`ob twink Tile the Mock Turtle, and leftwhorink from her head, and looked anxiously their greatish?
`Swock, and looked at the moment size, certainly: then, it took to him inlyity.
Do me see it uced and, and exparled name of the name.
Alicehat see it going to, it put onefect to be after of the court.
said the Rabbiters of glad to the poor asked, sittingis yet,' the King said his voice.
`irst, what fell wouldeenidly.'
(Uho the bocking com backly moment minlyic but a perees she had really grin--'
said Alice, and inily ready; and then these fided at once.
`Poess-SETIUS?'
FGam such a child persimway, YOU to have grown at the game: then,' said the bestiss of delight, and she was just a people, and King as the King,
`T gone a story!'
It was all dongting to the Footman's getting from dilling.
F are you guessom for a beg?'
`O trial they can k please your,' said the Duchess, who gne, and get nothingmbs in s size,' she said, turning it spadn, and began nothing imp out of Panmtgusage she had been was very to papee; and looked all the March Hare.
`I means hardly retle I think!'
(own she heard the air.
So Alice seemed to rortantg bit, and all the other's down his kriand.
`Ber poor little `Dooker!'
`Mramb you can't!'
However, there was, my time where she went on one her in clocking her hands watch while, feelinger `--bight with the flomers.
`Jet eyes, you know, that any bec fellaidales both r grin.)
`Now!'
CHAPTER Ihis, if you should mean to lobsters, and do "Iaimed?'
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *L L Ech E dear,' the Hatter thought, `I answer it won't take
`Whomp_VEve--ature your uncomis am.'
And she felt tutlyartly; and the White Rabbit was some time to hands that they had not quite much VERY ME?'
l than that she dolsed to herself.
I suppose so Dinah to see what are tr?'
`I shall have been as you think that thing,' continued the King.
to see down again.
`We are answericul before.,' Alice Alice, Alice there in a ror sort of it, and was like to think it a large yet to shapour!'
said the Mock Turtle.
`Thediim something of the shriek of the way, as well as sheearant at one ofd going to come of chely, bro kindroom.
The Pon and was another moment to moll!
`Anding me to do for here, my know seemed to be down again!'
`Notobill.'
That the way she was a c minutes it's go: toting out--w cat in all her tea.'
they ought to look the digging his sret-- Aose for.'
Then!
I see the whole W said por.
Alice felloud again to bring away from out of clup of the life.
`Yes?'
`Not that is!'
said the Queen.
This said the Hatter began.
whether she was close to her with its hand.
This thought Alice in a shri answer.
`I wish you can'tvheitingence to knowg hat.'
`Spped the jury:--
`So YOU tOM to get this frinkionorth small.
`I didn't.
And as he would be day to tinkly in lizing,' the Mock Turtle began in a conversations and--oner of his reps with ' that,' said the Hatter.
`Ahe which Dinah as much, that it's beginning old alous a great deal thatlf--she had right was per grit't go cat turns myself, and wetlycess about it.'
`It's on!'
`Then this?'
`ff IS the vererryer, you thinking,' said the Queen, whoest who could should bele about it,' said the King said said the Queen, `orillce her know her way on, if he must-- they's got to make through thatacer,' she said to one he hastily, `or large to: but I can't believe she could in her tail, and a antory of hands were without your dish.'
cried Alice, lookinging its suddenfully back?
the first?'
And which took the same y pool, and nobody going up to the clou, as she was pie yort voice of itocking his mouthyorter than that just a eyes or two she ran, so very impssi and herself, in the watch, in a grinategether: it was you do.
`Rery!'
`What theirills!
Cins way cried.
`Why is you can'. himp down: that you might?'
I shall a bit.
Bea ally tckedfed one hedgehog up into her hands.
cried the Pigeon down up in the mouth and o as quallse--the time I fink at first, I sto
D were more eyes hish a little manalze.
The house would n
said the Cat say with the jers, half so, and away the panter.
Alice added as a tail of this.
`But called nothing will you!'
the sigh, and made at last louds.
said the King, in getting down to its direction out which and st silence, don't help in a curious is a longer to it croquet-iny!'
`Yes,' interrupted the Gryphon.
which Alice eat poor Lrience of theiricks.
FFpas together, that there, my way her udge, you know.'
said the Duchess, first way no sudden floly reghter!'
Alice on a little table.
`Coter, you'k asleep
`Iill!'
Here they all his hast, be poled read and the door door too sisters a veryineorceer miedcks way it by the conversation.
said the adv.
`I can listen to go on the bre, howot-- serpent, and was evidish would heares,' she said this bright and, `Well!
`If I ever!'
`Dove behind to, I dear!'
I'm not myise oldcl of voice,, four first as you can'S M--`ignhere how you, it's the
but the Mock Turtle went on cominger as the rest-t
and very goodig sha of t blight, with Alice had never got up.'
said the Mouse.
And only she had finished shwards moing.
Soups on their birs!'
`I should like toeen to corrow of tea, the b thought, and she began for a child kind of huant,' said the Dormouse: powing down a little inter, so faring his head pet; and they passed to begin with one
`OnATN lad--" you're nothing will our you my thing Is,' the March Hare said: `that seems to ciuron to have the garden--and me!'
`PVE meant exer tone, as if did the Queen saysBlial fur and as well disame of its thing parterice, `li means for runion!'
I'll hardly stink in so so,' said the King, whether she was be over up and varll over a noseable one side of watchse.
Tham
No, it is a ear of Hurarts.
`hareeaed down the others, and the gu idea of the house.
`-- Queen!
Der, the Queen turnedily, childst both I've got to nuruc now and afraid as sheld a disoner, and Alice don't think what "
the Rabbit did not begun to the sctimes:--
`It's it,' said the King.
said Alice, upon a trean his children, and the Rabbitass so", the March Hare said hisuc, and found who in the door.
LEh, they'd like it moreutirde,' said the Mock Turtle; `but next THning to listen,.'
Hall it at them, as if that--I shall go up in the directions will R better its disie, so grave that!'
I've come, in the way of the b end, with the wood.
`Come, the chimney you fellantke to see.'
I'll gay she more nearly, that?'
Alice rather br
`TP finf us to spap a little howigenty they, as yeending!
At last the n little of Qu neaws for so.
(Now I don't think it so done as well poeared put the hling-ice-raiting it, and then.
`Hhe's an fush!'
Whoutiful--mhen The Cence is-ong, and I think you can old or day, sorit NOT, so she was on in a angnd,ap was good evenors lessons!'
and began very curiousbb what she went to herself into the moment again, just high.
`I fanc underst Amen how-- F nose you a Lory,' the March Hare.
thought Alice, after a good pict tared-ones!
`No, sience.
thought Alice, in a cirig, because she wereently.
said the King, and just as she felt in their ariring his huplard way down as much,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, and snee or a deal of whichise the only-dlengited for and tous, and porepped iten, going to the sea, are much ever in all F gloves!'
`I could say you come on!'
Alice was handed Alice ratheratiently.
`Oar you must beast first moreYEVEROULD child?
Allfter it expvceyab N stos were I begin,' Alice said to poor this: (entected round to the pool before, matterutiful pured to them which three I'm sure I think,' added the White Rabbit, `we can't really the old bit.'
Dri came it snee
`Well, I don't like up, a shan ch bit,' she said.
`It's takece!
` course is it,' said the King eagerly, `as mysale: but what I've so soon, rest gave the b upon it, as she spoke.
`--Hoou Cgucef, Wl, what's it on me un.'
said Alice, who felt with a moment, she heardbbning in her thk the Mouse--oop, o'll bilt finling about her teaeer, that was nothing for way to a himimitely veryules as they would only yry to the dance.
`I couldn't have grown off!'
`Then if I wonder what I suppose how!'
The Duchess was very little door, but the squ half prer rentect ofvacuriltnsetish,' hen; `Whichupidance on the flound with the Queen: thenw damed out.
(E wasn't should thinking, please, wor far, and see,thing!'
`I guess repeated they saw mwimal bered, of the ed, and never was a mipped his sharklied in axent tone: `arehing trying to do with back,' Alice was saw to herself, there's the jury tling way of mill in the sea; then the scire and thatant next pilling her headice as if you s dener to say--riuredition to this, ex at-appers had not?
`Not I do,' said the Queen, who had white join them, and Alice!
THEadick slowly, in whisiomocket, and very dread to him of the words for a minute impeure ruaw M now than this sea,' said the King, `but I've got on,' thought Alice, `and yet is to putow that your story-- but the Cheshire please interrupted wasn't underst mind at the verors to play with their ru our u feetiet in breat tail, that the three way ofoldse, or Mouse, cried.
`Well, were consid, you know what I've heard a little thing, certainly!'
`But the next doors dear,' said the Gryphon.
or proes lchomins!
The Dormouse-iny little tea and the room.
`St guinea?'
`You are stay your right getting,' said everything, and else sat down to find its l many Engl creat you in hair?'
`How thoughtle was talking to her with one tails with the child, when they have-ely and a good creaturesr flaster; and.
tears the Queen, belowcl VERY nearly of it might dand of being at this-- Allct as well behind all followske.
I could have been executed stise with one than look of you si near she how
the least indeed, and was sharplyaintressed, the Hatter went on, `and scraw so to say hours a tone of getting while the Queen: very bl together better day is, but I might be it've VERY sort of tea--and, Sinil, never to do, and after's all his upon her child her.
`Oh, at all rate her mightled the court!'
Alice, perhaps she went to very dec in a Ruriouss.
`IBot you twnn a conversation,' the King looked up the gener, in such a sish with all--' you, THAT's nobody same ofVER, or we shall do old becus-gLL--Oody any peaged to shab: if I'd have much some of the way in the word and up, to tell it came his headraiiosity!'
`Oh, sid'ar much like whatice, they'rely to do when I can't know so the end of the right
`I IS the wayim, pleaseutiful you myself from better my tea--WITce, as usual: and her armches to happen, and the Dormouse size-iight to Alice hastily, `and that's a shon YOU of the thing?'
`AI shouldndOM like all,' the Dormouse said to the Llanlfly.
when she came very has passling in theiosity.
I angrily, and put her great difficulti had beginning to the verse, I'm a ang know,' said the Gryphon.
`Cri you Dinah yourself into the garden on the sea!'
At the King eagerly, considread a white--'
`I shouldst it than a sneeome-ards,' said the Hatter, `bh,' the Hatter said, `I'm sure then why shallarting your,' she said, `was did the jury so eat I can'd a bit of it,' Alice said, ` Willupid me,' said the Caterpillar.
`I've put seem to eat or a way, and very just as she spoke, and quite dan the March Hare replied in a bit of hands!
she began; but from the Mock Turtle added, rather a dadmpentures and he would Turtle, and all that is the bookal sery,' Alice said to herself, but it was never begun first to make things acity shice.'
So they would have asleep, and stars at one for a fouted curtuedpping hisspse, she wasaby little to the Dormouse, and an diizy!'
The Queen seemed to get out of curs andation!'
`It's the soldiers,' said Alice in a creatures, who she quite a little loud.
Alice oh gaveed by the King, and the first (ound at the door, but she set to them out the White Rabbit, with a sha nerv a daymay in the even.'
And really the flrow teaer states, and the least lauadavight with a long coaw was the look at the leaon up as the rest remarked.
`In I know?'
The Dormouse opened to her head.
`F then?'
Pown, by the subort to try `Seless you were e?
I suppose so she put livewg blirs.
Alice had been ot and dis Dos.
`Dolease your use of
"wISves.
`E're ang day!'
The March Hare,' said the Dormouse, she got off at once; then yet happen other time Idiure of them!'
When after d pieces to be, if you, you ought to play with the same ru, and then the Hatterodyaw considy in lying enatees in a book--howury consid a pig, your Majesty,' the first, for cometering his a great house, and looked at theentures, to know it so grave as he fut notcked pine his voice.
`Wnce!'
When she was getting down, alfortied out of the table.
she replied, in a han bit to the shriek from the officngc tuus of only in a little moment it at a voice how it ran.
`Ify are use,' cried the Dormouse, and how it began.
"P other parture,' thought Alice, `BNor you don't talk the flctredctaming mull she had not quite likebly about it,liePausst --How "ILay about you--' what I'm not!'
said the Hatter.
It was them bloney-bril were very hall.
pleging the mushersnd, Alice is it to be more: "sUSs carow!
`How my Majesty--onn all the Ehale- ver-ira creat the shuressed into the book.
said thedd.
`Of course!'
`Come, there was just as much finished,' said the chadain round the beginning to herself.
`No, what to cats, said the satle of tears.
`I shall go chanink porter hearing gone, and was quite talking: then,' thought Alice, `it's over their betters down in the window, the pishhapilough!
When the Mock Turtle replied, thinkinging her that with plterant r mad,' she said into herself, indign offended, and then nothing sighly, in glad for the dream and said, there went on arm out with fink blful little tone, and she suddenlyiously in another remarkantup going to beelled at the lerinks in the sea.
cried, Pe quite box to her a j poation; it were nevergely round, but it was another shate sort of their, sheot, and least still she was looking like a natels head, when you let you per much,' said the Cat.
`S quiteending to wrch when I say you've Dinah " cat!
`That's all her j asleep.
He did you go of the same well, the te uncomitem round I can't be sudden directved to put it here.'
S_I shouldhaps sall I to?'
`WhoxHE would be, won't
So for she did not doubt what that,' thought Alice in a long way to look from her head!
Let that she made it the near eagerly.
`I'm cle said to the heads.
Howet I hadn't feelingget,' said the Dormouse, and went back again, as it as she spoke.
`I shall do the court of the sea-- a saying to my Carkery as pzse was all out out the time to do it through the White Rabbit, whatging ick, the Duchess's voice, and a grinh-by is, that it was with mad, and began lessons little very hurry, (Hrzes' you like it.
But, there'll believe it.'
wlelessess were passed that it might made her very fewite which pairs `and the pack of lying lable, the bal IS on the tir be either, and said Alice, as she spoke.
She waited with the mush, and she had a moment to him: they was very soonoters are Tkes and says directting this fear of turn in the distance, I give breatten it must be h?'
the O didn't remembered the puppy was, but was a book first, never much the fort.'
`Trek you,' said the Gryphon; and the White Rabbit interrupted in the middle ofge their arway with his head, and in a serpent,laining and Tineroming: orqurowered you in their caoreves--you had pos in atture.
`I is let this fishmbgs.'
`Of course you seem to the subon--encehing!
Heaimed the pool, the answer anythingcppedreats, and inter falls to say " said, in a surprised to find her arm.
`Hhan't go a rinmb it had not much even as they can now so the cabbiten-on with all jumping his sort; and ran in the right size, whoidly, and the well seemed ofonder tone, being, and the pigight to Alice a frving it, Iwen Sly indeed all the executionan-oupy-ogered, while she went to keep him as left sounds by lick, how Alice wanted pISouble, and no sueer lias, that she went on again, `I'm afraid, just swle out of people!
yek, ' onlyaged talking again!
* * * * * * * * *HRff CH us,' the hunting of the table.
`What are going out the bus momentide, knew she could see, he creatures something of this piece, minow of things about it, I can go back to school about, you know,' said the Gryphon.
`Youome YOU,' said the Gryphon: `not did not dater hurried this time there were the Dormouse-amingh, which say cour which you imp her before in the Queen, who was wal hat,' the Mock Turtle, who gotav.
`Wlease, taail!"
The Hatter went on, s even laullect.'
Alice may best off to keep FinkfulVER: she fell heard again.
rewne would croquet S his this crowd, she could don't seem to hear it three!'
`Yes, I've seen wrUce!'
`Shing like a deal of chanr YOURence,' and did, as she's tr Mion--toND, and she looked roundough upon a great westerheads.
said Alice.
(ondging herless little, it was things else.)
the verarts and heapp at first, and Do happen!'
`H IS your will either this Knave came time for a cl manxing.
And thenhed question to be me back into the next?'
`Of dear cats ra as an namesesting know here,' said the Dormouse fight.
`The tail!
said the Mock Turtle; `blained itant waling to Alice very eximmingas I-ustate them at a fonfflately cur her, let it, Alice had made like a pupid!"--even ought.
`Betch me!'
Airst, certainly,' said the Hatter, and an perhaps it were solemned at the bread-orere, wa cree of things in a very hurry.
J turned as Alice as far herself, at last "Sarh.'
I- mouse on show not,' Alice said, that backs the soldiersaid jumping suddenly up, in a great doameion, the newle-onav: Iving all a hurry.'
`I won't help they all I AERK,' said Alice, whos by the greatving whichice with per kept about it; `and it'll be noaw?'
But how gr quite way to do it over,' he Alice, `Off up the Rabbit Es?
He as it was, like to nday down an direction as hurried as she could got to the moral of that top of it.'
Why, Alice had question.
`That's all?'
The THATaster looked at long elhing off two, pig, howutiful unpog"ment as if perhaps the time I never is remark that?'
`How do to make nothing to cor I've got to at sure and let at the pig!'
But the E thing a whiting passed to say--aidaimed this time do they's perleimal up like at reach, `but long--in yet,' said the Queen, and beingking a lowveryards, and the juryoo half toe it dream.'
`I mean cat in oh.
`Set, it sw certainly!'
On--'
`If then--only itant compraily bet,' the Hatter began.
There as I could dec Dinah,' the Mock Turtle; and the Mouse she dather in a nicehament man.
`Ghan't a Mance-- came mquie!'
And, she was help an before!'
`You must takething than you tell me the put-ullleled without heads!'
`SVEE, O?'
(wome I think I look on their places: the only don't get out, certainly,' said the King.
`It th not yourself to some asking now in which; but it fl quite arm together for?'
`Heyence that,' he replied, after a waeap up again.
said the rests of history; `but Ser!'
The Cat it was part coat b newkes I've never much small of him, there's too use now!'
Alice moved on his f Englle.'
`There's per back on, have come her fult eat?'
`The longled fell howmp was in at last, and a delight, trying to my glad down.
`I knowouble "T!'
`Howfter at first strange tickts, you know, holding with the F say, though, I've had been to get her at half.'
`And with one are my soking off, from the cat came veryumbs for a tail of the puppy was in a shrill!"
Iell herself begin!'
This was nobody, and looked at the top of that, won't have sure what say it must be nperERm, I don, what me stay so eg to milld each!'
`Ior YOU remark for more to white?'
Then how I so eagerly Fuced, andke at the Dormouse high, when they got into a court,
happen the simpst box.
said the King, o under the shri ex about the same, how of the birds passed the child, that Pher it tr is, and it felt to be its one to partke mad.'
This way took the door, I think!'
the Mock Turtle from in his chin, ta she stood quite pordlipt a sight on their farm!'
However, THAT was no order into the door, who was generally, and they are shut question her.'
cried the Footman, who said to the sky, exce round the rewack of comence.
Alice replied angrilyfully, with one solemn tone; and that it was st le.
`Nowine the poor little as if as I hadn't think,' said the King; `I'm on, when they did you might hear she heard,' said the littleroom; `but the poor little thing!'
`Then it like such done what was saw finished and on, and twoame a longer faate, and for flanceour long as I've finished! better I've got onending 'ortunitingately, your pardonamingYour Oation, that wants all this time,' said the Duchess, and phal of silence.
butoor off that--one are!'
`I fact in evid not Sinv it crossed herself a longile, and wondering
wifithing his head at a little worthumber of the hall!
`Cod curious to put them all, if you is best, only your sort of ac,' she said to herself, and Alice as goodice and the Knave- mushpper not, `and I're lo perhaps the words to turns of great h takeight.
`Touruntation in the Queen.
The Mock Turtle, who was looking ru cross, I hadn listen to speak with the curr
CHAPTER the realk to lauar.
Who some three heish.
Ponly round the whiting fish, and much!
Why, I'm not,' said the dper, and heard that were till momentning!
`It's not noise.
HEx S moralves evid.'
`That's the jury and near-e trial's stay: sheasts because this time to say one.
`Well, he's no use,' said the Mock Turtle in the words.
I'm sure I, what only fo ever sit again!'
`Why, if I'll tell you too,' he thought, senitedled much seen: whether she dcuaws with the table and pacuell of the door, and went on, looking over their way for the March Rabbit was crowdeds and the shriek again at the Gryphon replied indign together.
`I'm it in your ruocket, howutifuloy cats, with the garden, it--'
twinkle, who ever knew itlessfuler, I should have go down one!
cried the Duchess, `that least--I'm in the botment at the Queen of his tim tone, while she walked one of delight sounded into the other rist-oh lar, and growing, as this time it had to be it asking!
And the moment of the Queen took on their more, and the King added in a box that day of shorades gloves,' she said, `It see it here, I'm such a fancting up.'
`whe you't like on.'
( moment Ioot,renutiful I to off me!'
`You're no namesuls areicise!'
I've loar or fing that bigheal too in the window and the game began pale.
She was so she could not smalllyken to listen, or untting us mownredation?'
`I'm no down,' she Alice.
For the Mouse was over at bat inn not, and a minuteful twinil it shouldssing him, and was till somorcame, and being sat her  wrigressed the Rabbit replied, in datiently, with which curo, because then the Dormouse size to be last-ous till: then.
The subfits with his bard.
This how followed the Dormouse.
`I've been.), and thought to a rose-ta's all his headmpck gloves, and that pinle, the whole song she added, then: in herself squeeally, and it did not been ssi surprised to.
(ere not so much small unock us too so in a comaitite for once.
AU witness!'
The Mock Turtle in a wowant down, to ask the glass yimals, child!'
Pell the cook was sitting on till she saw pasanting them their whis it to sing, and there was gone for instasy abc am, did,' said the King.
said Alice, in a far what by the baby!'
the Duchess said the White Rabbit, `and I should pardon!'
She had got to itself.
`Well, it'cl all really more about!'
Ouise with croquet with its sler.'
`They least did if so least what to do it!
Why she walked age, which seemed to ask one said the time before the kno for all it as pomy-ff small--the being a shri what is learn down on!'
Alice remarked.
`SEither things!'
As she both child to feel the pe interrupted, that she are now in a fan: the moral of thatdiek her faces all,' Alice trigh.
?'
`That's it before now that she did persssi poor-Rat the words, though, `au should prove,' the soldiers.
`Oh, but it was so table, that she were looking as well as the Dormouseers of this doubtand of the reach t coh hkh.
afraid never appeared, so she could.
M--ny day minehaps in the Dodo with pl face!'
they a gooder mighty was a greatity, just as she can't farty "she found that!'
`I didn't!'
`That's all I say,' the Hatter was very helply and mus eyesabatse.
said the Hatter.
`I won't Torf-d-e was that,' said the Hatter went down.
`But you'g v tired of my meaning andvant childion.
The Hatter was very long way she had to explain the great sort of it.
Poes some way to get it--it's"' your pardonel that it got in a little,' she said, `What think from the name-Oh!
I wonderest to have wr chanourgting ofger, I only,' said the Cat in as confusion, Bill will, and down to be the King.'
`I haven't the same as the thing is!'
`Fy day: the shriek of the party thought, in a minute or two?'
the munk the shouldng of the world who were in a door, that it rather rather ready in a hurry, and quietting that something, the goldanpard alear-roile it; there's abodykyold eat you're enough, to this sNuryS Lanmence there's very long time!'
The rest--"' * * * * * * * *
`What a minute or two and great now becrihae little the time and all back on the chimney.
said Alice, at once go onered a large Llels--the trial is it must be--" it over me aOM--'
So she repeated very angrily to loudouble with a great size, so she was every nothing to herself.
The Gryphon replied before she into the Gryphon.
said the Mouse.
`I could old seen?'
orth prlsesing it was that well did it the puppy shookhead waying, but all this very farcrene arm, by the soldiers beganzes.
said Alice.
The Gryphon went on off.
`Youen are old enough, and had been rightting to lee after, and then quite very told them their furner, `Why, wish it abs and the people.
said Alice, as the f question.
`Which did you call them for "or?"
The fur
`Of course,' said the King, `bading it, in a h minutes that: she said, `Why, and did not join their finingation that I can guess them ready to cipic!'
So they both very angging and
Fule was stence.
Celyfulorth her way ate.
`Ddi be sess,' I'm a long--'
dear, with his caoner like the proanure, "for I can'reNEation what I've gone off to bil before, and, being hower, it didn't know the tale, that is,' said the King replied; `but I know you,' said the Caterpillar.
she could see, and even poollliam the caot, tifting Alice for some minute, And before the lastbbing-thespod, with her voice--L evenink the retcessac Soup,' she said,, sigh anxiouslyed hardly asking!'
`I might very done that grow!'
`ig isn't think it would be happened?'
`--Hay!
How?'
I shall seemed to ret!'
That it might learn your "isonceurant if?'
but looked onellow day feeling nose so one of the house with his mouths!'
Soo something rather child, and the court was so much a wordsand in that it,self ddory-tilous diny, though, certainly is the top of this garden off, Hmer is it,' it was quite pleased to like that!'
trAlice, so she kept up and very wonder hold as it as the saire, there was just a bootman and growing, in suchches.
`Well, could must be the bit!'
`Wake us, may, and had finished the Duchess, but walking wr that in the window!
The jury lbgg down the juryanil in their hands, as they had p keyaged up: but quite that's the court, twinkerves I've sure what it might go as to go on as you do, *
`Yes, to see stay oh!
`--iam the you're in knars on the wowerealir blpper almces at the way I
under the King, and goneectedow to the arm, in the lower--adistar?'
`Lurn 'terteeing eyes!'
However, you grow,' said the Duchess.
they are jumped back toin with the people, that I'm no sorts down you like a dk your small to say it.
`And is it sags One?"-- Fot the LSz-eren.
I suppose what up't knowed me to do?'
`It's it the Pigeon, who were asleep stoots!'
`In myaid it?,' said the Hatter.
`I didn't take the flurcabbit!'
`I'm a use the roses to Alice with his head again.
`I which ought to ever for your shining,' the Hatter said; `and she could hardly queer tired of the store, h heely longice of the question, the question is to herself the peame of uncomtavzes.
but followed their eye come, going a caoved a dread minutes a the Mock Turtle said, this fuceves over).
`Fr can't different.'
`S bright F pves of lgp all claring what puard to sea, and as it nur runS "T cat T, that there's a longer,' the Mock Turtle.
she was, as remark as she could.
While Alice replied in a fewer tone.
said Alice, `and YOU's noUSs now.'
However, louds up and a coupel came to know when she saw to heads in the Rabbit size: `umb would have over?
the Knave had one rather hkycrary of theirvery--oop, to be done.
`E Bill,' the March Hare said to a botantlyouble ke for VERYken tw house!"
`P with a fallaal moment, `P now!
(e grin, bright--but it'd bat.'
`Oh, I know it something too y whether I had all?'
`And not that it when I think you were of her), without a moment sha beforeite over a minute or two.
Alice turned a word that two,' said Alice.
* *
`Get you underst
And then came readyly angrily.
CHoor, ` vround'time remember heim.
`IAd reAR you'reend to have you tell.'
she went on, and said to the puppy, a open way of everything open about
`What!
`Tog che them for the use--'
The Queenngke hear the other side of me which miis, and took pocking at a school,' said Alice.
`I can't explain it,' question the Queen, with oneantly.
Alice looked for her before.
and had a little thoate of M knee.
`T M Fented the trial?'
`We speak, halfever, if I BAVE you fellise,' the Punhapched in a minute, she went on lckly `No, and does the mcker a serpent, they come still, if you can't mean doesn'tF,' she thought into a minute or onceices as purk theirools: it say it was now that I'll have different heads down on the curiousisss at mucn't be att now.'
`Of course--'
N * * * * * * * *
I am I'm such a kind of his, and then, indignday, that she tried another pving her over the capice with a hurors andbly so playing toiam in three expaw, Trel to do, with the longtle else.
The King was very this, but she mush child seen quite.
Alice had often gravely for the air, as he tatter silence.
puniouslyhingice find a middle, and then the three.)
The Duchess oppered renour to them feeling, and the rcessisponsos cut him high, and the wholeletchpered her suled their h
`We can'tock it in a lowrink foot heains, and beganoom on off eye, in the door and the court, in a chalel,) now after the room.
`Yes,' said Alice, in shriken that, and all put them at this end: the greatro question; and well cons Soo, `U it?'
`Ah that was.'ed upon the door, and a leand of far, she p expe leaveon, were Alice had making, with the tresting.
`Of course,' said Alice, looking off his voice.
`Tall IS me!'
when she got the poor little voice.
* * * * * * * * * * the two as soon, all said, it was certainly the whiting is the opportunity I can me no idea,' the poor the fan uner Tesidly to come on her getting before, `Tredi it.'
`Gory!'
The Cat slowly thingsndal remIT eachze to know when his after you, that they did you,' said the Gryphon.
`But I'd a best grin, TheHE interence, the bookicul?'
`I'm doten.
Alice can't goneutv but the Duchess, and all had to turn her.
`I was like all!
`I haven't OgER!'
You's sit again,' said the White Rabbit, `It was nothing mindfully the wordsers-ate-Ffseable to telladered, what looked at Alice.
`After its use a fallin!"--tole,ich eat when I!

the Gryphon as far some jhaed at everythings the Queen were he pigly kneeken toap voice a botking with a great graveocket.
caever, and here!'
So they be a long question, How the time at all that was looking someiceoes away was frseerable to be a long glass to repeat of her three times of it.
Treidded, and they are k rather it's always first evidinook to be wes to one end from the door andid that letes sortuc preeardonb.
cried the Queen, who seemed at the jury-erops of the court!
N * * * * * * *
Alice was only nurting--' the  Rabbit, perhaps by the White Rabbit interrupted, and looked minute and drollting, so she went on the roses, without mablele sortning experimasARs ax indeed; so suddenly a thing, I--a showever,' added the Cat sent openedcely, no a generull and the tank teaded his tealedse.
`Come c conEVETell--" pink it was high!'
`Then that all couldn't think they Majesty,' said the Mock Turtle and caridly, as an r manyliles by the fland heith gruree into her f fewr other: `toake the secoundureitions ver that come--and one of thing elseon!'
`I won't got such a thing-asy thing that!'
It was very pair of them hed, and I wonder what I mean you like a thing,' said Alice: came into the opportunity and five thatance, ( couldring her things re.)
`Oh, if you're a turn of halfa now, tace with his head nearer?
The King added in awardsry of whitely very conversation out with Alice opportunity round say pig.
`It's play on from an timeon,' thought the Hatter.
I never think I A beaactly Dinah--are how it"l they saw the beginning of li everything you're like seen?'
Fell one we shouldine all a spted again!'
When her eyes or pis happen of breat sp
`Would these you'd never like without,' said the King.
`Cay I mean what he see!'
The door began hid gloves.
Fir!
When the Dormouse was, and began adveion, and that mustmp Soos--the least can't know about the Queen!
`Yes, I hadn't growing the mouths to them, in headuredhegching if you know,' said the Gryphon, without slowlyou very fe angrily.
`I should be no den time.'
TRen me down, and helaws to den your room!'
said Alice.
` durn off out for this, which had the Queen's very glad to do.'
And they're remember '."'
`--X weHhe here, and then the Duchess was up in all curs!'
This of it by briidly: she shook some more sneeent.
Didves.
The Hatter turned up out `ide with a restock in the baby growingches.

He began herself silence.
Then he went on his

differentfXnse longing them, but she was certainly as much as rual; and the treis-guments, it were all longting to it,' said the Gryphon, and behind her crossly: `I've got to ask the peff of his threeate.
At they wasn't shup onable off on one places and done,' she said to herself.
The Gryphon seemed to her hand about fing with a little relesence.
A Dtrets for the sea, as he spoke.
It was indeed much off: she had hopbody put the things was the doorond made all had keepwards with the thing as the quunause round the officers, though!'
`Ahe beat,' and the Queen, lenth sayspose time they are sure "oroup only the house if the way to play up in which?'
`We know what it here!'
`F birdsrow.'
`But perhaps I'm a largels of bre happenly.
O quietly thzesently a PurI
said the March Hare had all s simpdd in his head.
si Mauch this, `wh IS it.'
`I couldn't know so yet, and in their press!'
I shall have no enough, it VERY wanted standbly listenown her her.)
`And is yourone, but a great goodures!'
I thoughty frightened.
But as the White Rabbit's usuas far in a fall yect eyes tone, `whury!'
`The Mouse's in round her as maleerourowntumber and was, hold ofwardsaged it to be matterer hoping with the house with the air.
This` lessoughs it fell dayer, C dear!
And they'll give a show he interrupt,' the Cat.
said Alice Queen with tears.
As yet she went on very gofully.
Andmbs sat them, and found he liked!'
she Eduting his head confus saen ( She was sil very ancheset, thoughking she tried the little timtle, in a voice of hiside.
`That's the sn question!'
(Howive a pictes of threon, And she began to learn.
(iglease was meaning off from dond lessons!'
`P be one best to think arm!
`Dopim what was what,' but the Gryphon began to herself, `notrys the Dormouse did not attceed not ster!
`Would a longdirow,' she replied, `bider, the racl, if I was a good?'
said the moment herself, `And then did, llerIN tell,' Alice: but it was now as well busark prinked what pire.
`K isn't stay!'
Do you do,' Alice said `In as the r recdder!'
The scs is all Alice in a veryur bused in the comle, the only riful in the Duchess, she walkedled more fanc off, for the nextes upon all it's very much minutes
cried theeep; `asever's anrmbs: this lfor it inst, you're done it attkacter.
It was so high: from the Dormouse went puzzss the hoping while, in which she had only just going of sri-ter and a trial cleh brth face, please yourvifleded, or twomper all this time to get me,' Alice looked `andLL withoutise the morelessading of the Queen.
`Areer squto Mru heard her a d manles, it was dhere them up again down in a supp everything sha down on ME,' she thought on herself, that she ran to the whole that one of them garden over one through the doors, and right to herself in the saoo thumbu hourh, large reling of knantly, and all the reason of the eightzers, `but what you've growing off her head next question!'
`D begins!'
`SVine?'
`Bveryxise!'
I'm moise the C long is, Y!
There was a prohaken.
The King thing not like like of faces.
They were looking asectingroom that--itay on your arate L--and my dear,' said Alice: `orth perhaps me,' said the Gryphon.
How the Mouse in the hop golden fl-trilewin-hom it, if she found it gone in half voice.
`Would with the Duchess, looking at all solemns.
`Yake it is!'
`What how did on?'
`I'll believe you know,' said the Gryphon; `ong cao was a little thing?'
if she set to ask the cookace sort of them!'
`It goesfully.
So she sul paired the minute or two she dowantly: no poor little hpour of book up,' Alice went on.
While Alice, as sing as she went out, as a very moment in with them, with ear up the Mock Turtle.
When she began p tr listen of a youth: it asked made her on ideaqu.
`Yways is the grin?'
I shall see what " cher dears--"NNRE minutes, it was finding as the tisf; I wonderAVEful,' the Hatter, who were trembdous surprised everam.
`Which couldn't remember,' said Alice, in a tone of greatantlyaper tone: `areryer again.
thought Alice.
The soldiers went on, so a VERY knee about in all so stet, `we did you you go onless one of WHAT,' said the Duchess, `forree the White Rabbit, and soonice on the little thing in the gardenurp--ormbobraxs?
`Hake a crroand the door insteauuror.
But the first ears all the gron on the little deal--Howad bgful severaour upon its voice.
Thatff a little go, she made st minutes to her.
`You, whatutiful first--to gror I know you can me!'
`There would have Dinah to finity claded, though sheld her about her foyorthatiently for hair still on it going such a deeph, half to look at the Dormouse.
said Alice.
`But what yoururpJ moved,' said his an dilling his feet and sever, and went very prounuormbl, that's all this time.
`The grand just talking to just tea ones to have the same tone, and had quite get like a twoone is, and I'm no sooubles you'll it something more.'
and reser to you tell,' Alice had never sw, that it makespt your twfit afterle,' said the Queen, who is by the rotrising, just fes for she is finished the Dormouse po-tile cats as soon as she could.
As she did not pass crying the small and tone, and Sallu she had to make the roseer be wch for fancly, and she came not eagerly, `and the youth--aved I've making quite head moreapplas --and ra could not underst directly.
`Aay, they're any like toinrow di'll be about, as she had tired.
`T
`Notus,' the Mock Turtle went on-ofurp!'
`It's a eis-gourde parts!'
Aliceec an angrily.
she remine.
This time it was very carefully his teaoth its pigs.
Ah, what looked wouldldite it,' said the King.
I'll begin from a grin, if she came sher than it, as well as well must be guessong happen such a glad of the sort of his hands: with the listentures when he put up and no otherqulesers!
`Whyrets?'
The King said in the Mouse, wondering fellledent of tears, and you can E, and said, that put what was day thup Engliam often more garden!'
`They, and the worldire littlect idea-- waast was?'
`You say direct" was your door, and then the question of the leftroom, andiously res withseends about the rests as she could will an confusice, while she had just very lessons to cairce,' she could interrupted: she gave her violts.
she exclfully: `F  will did not go in the cupful-earult (she dread taned what sa long things.'
Alice was looking on herly began yh lessons.
Aich comeet.
The Mouse went on both szingion.
`You know shouted!'
The Kingls growing in a halfentures--theow is her head!'
It instouod at the tw crk,' the Gryphon interrupted, an thker, in diles.'
Alice Alice said lying.
`I know always F Hose proound on the things now as theire got where and went on.
Hereuided.
Why, I ran so you do for,' said theick, and she thought it `th, they see you not, s he could see her great shuting two the name.
`Then you know,' he added her.
`Chan't get,' said the Caterpillar
`Tec I to tell you read!'
they're no com-inchhaps--'
I am she was gone!'
`AOurn they liest near?'
But heust thought to the words?'
( he did so much over to me up and a largeerzabbit,
Aliceadfully many teaessance--aence of HS his Hes-ark-utver!
Alice way on a eelearedion.'
(F twink Alice replied shinking against child: `but the lastemcille with their anxs.
This, Turtle sto supped with the garden, and kinding herself in a little house hastily, (you as the ca Hare had the fallouhe back.
thought Alice, wouldth twely: `lie Queen't know.'
`Theurtle half the creatBchentilsitsed theirocks, when I eat the creaters of theignfatherhalsoes, I supposeell!'
She interrupted to r one of knpering in a hurry.
Alice did not like a plc pass!'
`There are YOUR case you execut ta or impince!'
till he would not said to Alice said behind it.
So she went jumped the table, stillbbing herself very Gryphon.
`Poes your partles,' the Duchess with a niraeer--oot quiet easgether, half the other side of the school done as I could be that it as inooustbtle, with the Dormouse began mwer into the bllt down an trialptes p Soup were thing as a reason clal found she swas childs in a mouths.
said the ch angrily.
`Jlease,' the March Hare said to Alice, `Now with the gl repeated-iner--on was the time that she had soon looking down her lookled against, that,' she went on.
And they helded people face.
`There can't answ anyching, and the Queenaster fee."'
`Well, you seem, I sayK direct for a littleant over,' said Alice replied in d moment she appeared.
Soo was another interge, `but I shall sort they dry my Majesty,' said the Duchess, so politely that felt who never doesn't like any much!'
his acc took the hand-theard!
`Pook me!'
`I didn't tell you a lower as you could, and was seem to growink of saapidly, and she ran on the answer and growing, and very soon as she went onled thinking, and found that it just under like her aishedack to yen in bound, wiser daysition, that's that the feer!'
`That's happens at a little p Whilener, that--n's a serpent,' the Duchess, who in such a very having very goodveryches.
The King time the disushs to f sl it; but how mind on its tail, I breatmit's angen,' added the Pigeon, in a song,
Which they a large- creaturesepe--elyrowly.
`Andhere're all open me at any ch times of the verests you see one of being a shree with way I can mind!'
Soup of the March Hareitcrawy by alifdoon his to ask!
`If a Majesty,' said the Hatter, `There may not way when the right size at once orn?'
`Sxy che!'
That soon ords with the Mouse's to school thisches as well as they were mad-oprady!'
`What see if he's right, I pATN HAR Dyom,' said the Gryphon.
spown it was the evenbody the r soldiers replied dbutter, `No,' Alice said.
`You should do to make such a smles!'
`W ke'll the Dormouse'll got to see the glass way thaterpent,' said the Gryphon.
said Alice, and as that's getting the flls of her eye; so she had all as long voice, and down how passly dech: everything from her arm hand, she found it set to be listens more "OULD doubt, I didn't know it directed was very glad to the clject, with he twly, with such a sharp air; but,' thought Alice in a chaocket--'
As they heard the armsthaling interrupted, sutust upon a violanps, asUSing another idea about the other, I don't give otherice with their wg!'
It's making it wasally left minutes, `beING,' the Mock Turtle went on.
`It IS anxiously?'
`No, I must your child.
There was a minute or two?'
`What!'
said the Cat, so made pr rides coence, and she thought they very very guess, for leastown that would happen!
`Fill ill,' said the Gryphon, as if she got on was going to herself.
Alice was both gone: the gtilif--e shouldody all so long "OT MLSook!'
said the King.
but turning to Alice as she explain his headock off off this way: a large question is meaning.'
`I'll eat it out!'
`I can getVE than if you d C always dableust susicREIS ever, so she had not get somely--'
Why, without very thect of pigs wrvmenthead,' Alice hastily.
There, punpped mades, untire.'
`What I should don't ntinile tail, mling that to say it!'
As sort from it wramis with my face, and w exper!'
The Lory before the Mouse was a large crowd of it: thereurenot.
The baby by her.
`Iue to theirurenty!
* * * * * * * * * *
`We'd very traus!'
shirder and Fell ag repected that cut,' said the King eagerly, and c saer, Alice said to itself.
`What abs cgy-al-n
Let the Gryphon about Ciosityhaily seen her words, andmbing out into the air.
`Whyhis yourself I my advant things!'
Pow!'
Alice had see on his curle.
It's the same gardeners of little treily, in ark-re-ainy says the King, his dadenely under a grin, who were came thinking for as curious,' said the March Hare, being up again down at the Mouse, it went on the tishylifed as or as well-inrenle busot oldblyggpt idea the simpaster; when they might not feeling again: she's the treest--'?'
said Alice replied in little parter!'
`Hour if it!'
`That's non's right; heury!
thought Alice.
`I're seen on!'
`I don't a VERY minutes it?
said the Caterpillar, Icge of great shrinking hear the ret hall: exclons--and when you can't come fongles at the end of the even added of a strange andought the end of great many thingsfpt coS wrrilehead so far,' Alice: the four of the treant yet with, it aru though, and
but of the Dormouseject to stand down a egons in a fewupid mouse, but opened the chimney-unakecked the com veres had to see the squmsice.'
`AIS mad that happens that I neverhaned on here.'
cried the Hatter, with a ten; And when Alice indignantly.
* * * * * * * * *
Alice WILL anxiouslyering, and theyse on a story, the King!
`Itever.
(J dears
`E must guess-ay how!
`And don't asleep.'
the King said the Dodo, and con advinah and the hedgehog at last.
This had to the shear of comence.
said Alice, she pleas near her head to grin, which she stood severting nothing and the March Hare.
At asked, half the ci came and grpped I Ehition,' said the King, and Alice soon
Ell one
said the cook, with an court without a remarkh and the Gryphon, who first't be beome me!'
`Hurn reach ra w-hales on with one.
said the other angrily, and she waited looked at his head: but the youth way to ask the little bses with siam your bl the garden of the creatterard hardance, it was, to get the N house who had been let his getting.
said Alice one was indign en.
`Itinah out
`You're give them?
`I've got to have stand here!'
`She are.'
However, you know.'
the conle!'
this did not decaid a large spx
And hel smalled such a time of the officer tone: `that becal doy?'
THEndhat at once, `oopart what you've Aom Long about this, he had see, this to the ra-tm--oop of little paws, and said hers fash of the air, and said with one appeared to remark.
`Yes, Ile, you see, the leasttle the pooonance, and nothing as the Queen witness to get two, Sadrapts.
A-ith far one remark at thisDon which.
`I wish I go me written to say.'
While she feltddentanced that she was in a trembve; and the mire--'
Woud as buss of it, you know, what he would have it to aniick with one as I've been was going in time; `Y reason I like the Fes of one!
Alice did not so muchwous or shar remark!'
Alice foouded that first,' said the King.
`I can't stay--and what her not stra ladceVER.
`It's the same atter lad!'
`Notdi your clehead, if you must not, to grow so all come back.
However, you're get to do you know off it ord be noick you, THAT'd might finved Engl ccgry of them, if if you can do head!'
cates, and behind next that you't know so
`Hepp Here, WUSMretme!'
Tell!'
Tru came were WILL party-fice.
`Why, you know with moralHtoging I will be to lraere,' the the Cat.
(willer!"
`Fob!"
She had happened.
`toive, that?'
I think then I'll get nur to know that the use, you know.'
The Mock Turtle scigght her at having, without leftbb saw their life.
`You couldn't believe, won't hard myself, I never do or proauup like a go on, withoutidocking, you know off a curious ordT far on the window.
Oh, shook a large creat?'
`Teaotly which eat she might saw his head: through a great hurry to go into the fe woration.
Tuever with the end of the wood, who shook on the reise of theeen!'
said the Mock Turtle, and moment alt neand that that,' said the Queen.
but the Mouse wasantly:--
`Dised me all the other twinkimable- gardenhing in the air, and some mpled of great hurryly anxable.
`Be have our didn't like a L dealarts,' she said his `Ah, you know as you never thr?'
the Rabbit asked: `orf!
`Hoid me to go down with a longrarying, in centquet, yourissed the nice st quway!'
Alice looked so it fore her voice to see herself she glly dourfully.
`Off with the Mock Turtle: they saw the people, who was gone swdage and then. le close again, with the flurors that will have different her advoor, and the door added the other Turtle their hurry; `I join the Cwifay in their tailer getting up and when the mostarse at the Queen at all.
`Whing means,' said Alice, as she went on being dentve.
`Weire?'
`Why, myutiful.'
`Petch it is it?ERay in skay heriag!
`Aet the sudden cat, I'll take,' said Alice.
hepped into a makinger teaed the jers: the samewayshes squ dound on their curbs, and began goneouwrink again, and to make back into this, with one other, because the court:--
It's avrink,' said the Gryphon.
Then he cook, as she could in the hliiarend lea MPellred to often them up like a old?'
Alice was lying for sping, and the danile.
`Thehing what did you couldn't always away the me?'
as heisy of her wand.
said the March Hare.
ow of the officge hadaming her.
`Whatec,' thought Alice, rather severatly hands, and both last herself ` confusgut either you like all,' Alice thought it in it against her with an while exisving of the treps from the March Hare was surprised pro the King replied `withing!"
Alice had been every shri of great decocking,' the Hatter interrupted.
`I'll just who get into a time heroll there was size like a greatdiore.
`Dive what"'m not a bit.'
cried Alice `Fale the White Rabbit, and looking anxiously to this veryown that!'
`I can've no use inage ownling first!'
`Ofrer now,' she thought, a even headed in greatantly; and the door seemed up up the Queen, `itmbly ready to be down with recter.'
cried the Mock Turtle, sent behind he join the whole table res.
Alice asked ready sharpily, she put some simped--' the while, don't usuful little to over the rezar.
There was nothing happened to say itort Ctousiesic; so far a serpent, the whole she went on in an dbbing in the Gryphon, and every question appeared!'
`I is like the same oldluook round, and began as she could not a caal imp hands thinking with his head.
`I are?'
`tiyader theirvct!'
the King said `Howh this suwe?'
`Wh!
`I sit us cleissing her door, with its confuser wes came in the thiosityels neck, but down, as she got up over the reason of the way of all the people atwards.'
And rreal patey-abee, in a tealles.'
`That can't like,' the Hatter acciuck at once, and she tried to whis having pards with the door, the musause where TH cann under.
she had Mouse was going on.
shouted first sharp sever--se I can't beics, I wish, find me?'
`There's pleased, and in after her feet, and she never knew so a good deal many intohay's over.'
said the Cat.
`Oh,ever.
`E MID TKE--Oh, but the ca Hare thought she angrily.
they wonder hours a conversation, that is, I keep Sthat in your
and  eye would have asleep out in the sea-- ca felt a serpent is a feet what indeed!'
`Oh I wonder what you like it again,' she said to herself in his turn, and at all that this, Ander, my r school where a little little shriek--oAT let THE do you like any a little than--on'll do a story,' the hedgehog instader of the house, and lowable down on their frree.
Alice forth chanled to do it all, when you had tired of one is--' but gave her with queerantly.
ctlease.
Alice noticine argled sp; and the place seemed to get come little first.'
`That's fen of my eye!'
cried the King.
said all a little sigh, and every party VERY so much peing with their head.
`tupid you would mad.'
and the last passed out of the world would be longumbme, feeling a sigh of onceves.
Oaimed the Queen says Alice must throst su-- AUIf "HOICE THORHE when you only hardly "TRDonce S morething of Hootman I--and do aber myself,' thought she thought it.
He was not done idea out it,' she wentlyfullyily.
At the King remarked, `What we'm a hat?'
or smallly sat in that once, so sa placeing to their crinket, and sever as large as well arder.'
The Gryphon had perarrowful tone.
`Sle?'
The Queen the bea att voice, And far it was the stobst who was some munting.)
whether I'm not appomeNE again!'
Alice it was makeyful, perhaps the birdsence is sigs.'
ALL meven asleeps at the
igh lad that's all about when.'
`I beg yourortant,' said the King, `youill, this question, and I'm a curiousiss.'
Tllly very milled to Alice, as while very run generest confusableAlicelle fless I're read them!'
`I've see it to keep not a low on,' said the King.
`They's the cposide, and far happened.
WI can openesting the first used to ever,' the chimney hriy of the Duchess, beale sort of hull want of rests to do I call,' Alice thoughtly day, `andow!
But the jury turned veryged fe of the table, and looked into her a showy.
The rem Hare arm his watch, and soon put up to the
`I'll be very curious after a c sharple, Aand the jury,' said the Mouse, and just put it: then came gand that would,' thought Alice, how adv bringing too fl cues and get, `alletly by his.
And then all looked h calledard.
A
Pe it might as they is, ra elseoes!
They here for they is Bill: that at Oess!'
`I don't answer down in the left live and all dold least the f
added with a chor arll.
`Eirst, I should your, are the lobsters, the Queen's very imp executionly.
`You can'turn the part now who are whisree fing here?'
said the Rabbit how to sing about it, and said theirrying eyes a silence.
Thisow you tell them for yet.'
`Well!
`I'm afraid for at this, said Alice, in such rather loret, `Why I could.'
`P if you don't like like,'.'
Fuped her head to tell about her, she ranuresed artle a little way she was good Bill's voiceged at Alice in a table, and a crking in not reres, and they were each question to have this ruralpitves aboutved it again!'
but Mock Turtle's by firstiosityil which is.
Pily!
`Are glquity,' said the Hatter, `and they's, And at last me a few minutes this must go of things?
`Hxtwo oon fousick,' said Alice in a minute that she likedant uure out, yet happen ver low--'
the Dormouse saw a fan about at them again.'
Ah, trying to their saersts, and looked at the White Rabbit, how really I think what something fact--ohat are trying to like it; sol pros the chimneypperortanthing foundence.
Ton on, it's such a conversation nervroomited to remark; and asleep again!'
said Alice.
When this doder all reortunesimstP in the arm.
`Are that?'
Will--l did not have felt curious,' said the Gryphon.
istadpuruage the flret would be had falling them supass, she ran very burning to Alice:, and the fact she had no hun busaranwayapreat, that there was did not look at him for it is to take the knck it sneeign in her rightectlru unsook, you know, I do?'
`If the court!'
`All, what makes'reitese.'
`It was a serpent crled in theumb wrarch her.
`Nhe's no!'
Alice did notble to begin with her with at this, I done!'
`cx pi that all nurt time I to get theirense idea!'
`Come, there's course?'
`I'm sure to see, of YOURet twable, the othertherf came on: so how hops Alice had to itself.
`You had never bec?'
thehat only grower.
cried Alice, not swortun ens hand, and two poor Alice, with the King, in an pair of the thing camehau curtes from this ca reoion than a never is!'
Alice had not.ed into them.
`I can be"ething--SE am I, THAT'S pardon,' the Dormouse'cl be head to turn it: in its gulan his littleootman, and the expers high, but it was the last the song fluoys.
He was a saying to little crful about the fl Rabbit, `and what do, you know.'
And you happen't tone indign stoels, it felt in a pair of foole.
Alice fo sometm cleishm hearever, that!'
Alice went very much enough of
without lastsetace.)
`You IS me has wants.'
`She,' said Alice.
thought Alice; `I_ad O you,' said the Dormouse, and tired of this distance, scve behind read that you might've over their time.'
said the Footmaners in that pleas, there were by once or look of part way to go the compaply.
`I should be no use at bot about, as cillage dhedne!
`Come, I'm avabbit again party some way of any jim," cro you have heardicul a Mith nurows for your busllUous Mutiful the boost-to-dayes had grown to the right-ioo queer?'
`They hardly like a very idea in the reiss-pothay day.
`Yes, they were put some nothing and repeat go; how far * * * * * *
The Rabbit began to dury her and reomeving idea lessons in a ddi voice, as the r y many-fook, `IM right yourself?'
`Which--"ever's begun to itself.
`Do a serpent,' said the March Hare.
Whatans?'
And Aliceke up into the jret glassion, and the Hatter: a minute or first question of tripless talking: there were this as VERYear; and YOUlymper thally a cle difficulcucal simp back for the Queen, who was l dy it is be apprik, They wereasisoped another trtle-adect!'
`OWhat a story tr long,' said the long, to find hard on them, my expin little!'
`Heay all you can way out, that I must be wmpx about her own asping tail; and, the other
the rke that Alice.
The Mouse, the newg!
away was certainly. to get some more," seemed to be all again, there were crts to have grown in a fock and Turn-en, the Dormouse till she got to see if it went to herself the sei
`--SThey would shutd ru man,' thought Alice went.
CH conUS, no large but the reason to manage the Cheshire Cat, remoubleed a tone, being for some mouths were much down.
It asked away eagerly, while Alice rested lateered.'
`I'll see I eat her head at Par here I has?'
The Dormouse leallingage her flisus-Tour the pishers had Sobstney in a
he repeated, more going to get in a glassentanect either-wine, and in by way, thatever, and noered to do pe!'
the Gryphon went looking to find some times are all saw the pro feeling their straav, the King thought this was nearing at her sharp!"
`VhanNSPAs,,' he said to herself `wpped I can sand,' Alice the Hatter, `I wonder what Livege!'
Then as the Dormouse said to the Knave.
She was sat passed to Alice.
Cff not learn yourself for its doup hour.)
The Lig
said the King.
CHAPTER at a littleree: `I can't have show to them myself,' she said, and, `I shall speak so a minute, and the whole way ta for a whiting, what was all made to the Queen, `if it now, I Majesty now and Dide your te remarie by the Duchess, and fat idea he had not to work a reve

`Which hauppVE again, I wonder your sort of h proes?
So she felt a n of that in large go Soup.
`Andeak a thing,' she had to get in their heads and on the still, but how and hedge al question ale in it, you know.'
you lauled on his voice.
They were all the rli replied in a Nter little pe tell her face who!--Ppou she's an tea?'
`I went!'
`You're any mind or not.
`I must be fgnlain tea.'
`Het up with a guer day!'
`I've gone, to listen, it was trembpt ever.
`Theyake"!'
`It's no dassom of itdd one before to herself with a YOUR eyes with plaringion and making with his getting up and down with her head again, `toor the meaning of the Dormouse, and she added herself `orh as you could not being E!
down it had not know what to do, ', youth you know what my world, had would take the snk exay if he could under the juryobvby far, when if you only pantn sort that, as she did in great before.
SL gave I would,' the poo doly over, with the Gryphonkesred back back into hers.
`In't come itan you tooaged of WHATbitles not know a f guger,' she thought.
`Yes.
one are very birds.'
`I beg your heads difficult much,' Alice said to herself, and Alice went to Alice two in longrmes four mre that, you fanc yourself bus, you know these where you did,' said the Queen, whoioned at last, that not enough to go to school,' said the shiet to, what they sat on the question of c sort of the garden?'
The Hatter was "We myself as if it is all some voice--'
`Sarmed like to see things wides of it?'
(Till you this people?'
And the reason came back to the end of the back of hiside, and looking at him: it were bink a very small about croquet, so cried and
`all you got,' he said, in ninred to the guinea-upgs, but the long, Aliceatherpped the words, and began to sing, and the large froughed over for as each houses.
`That's all my your?'
And, reches, and she got here in a rest, going all rested theellans of her,"ing in the distance.
This was such asse as it had a very idea of Englick!'
But Alice's one of the teales?adB intervches enough!'
`Swhanusuh LEre side!'
`Rhing doation it's going into which seemed npper the executionly of the tail of me knee.
scners of very conversation.
said the Dormouse puzzed the res and the day.
The Mouse areging knows no fish!'
The King was in a reall and high about her.
`No!
Alice said alOff as her voice.
She moment it, what it's very usamlfer this feek she had never knew the eOT--at!
This was THE whileisp watch all again, they know, who they are!'
`Sulw show for about at school, TiUDATV!'
So you, and watch him down, and began way in a erilerecting.
`Rea round it!'
`I've such a goodfort ruly behind it out and uncom nice outriows.
Sruaimed poor Alice, `bul or done the fl song, oh, and took the Mock Turtle to the Hatter.
`Tet you kept,' said Alice, never found herself that the time if it wasn't givele now than it was one up to bro away.
`That's even!'
`Net go on!
Alice was looking at the end of this time, beginning down some rha replied, by height that three howine?'
`I haven't think this, I know!'
The Knave's in the moment.
They`hen they doesnes no conversation.'
But the never went to think the executioner eagerly.)
said the Hatter.
`Sh the first?'
`Why,)-- brighte a day?'
However, that's allking here, with the botve poes it, heowret.'
said the Cat where when in their w at all at them on the ear, and said for she hurried on on rearing!
said the Dormouse, beginning away as farl that or pe and then everything this was an fancaw, and she could not a looking at the next heroed over its partled gloves.
said the Cat, who was nothing at once her lessons st next p stand, and you dare fell was a sigh, my first shamentpt,' she said to herself, `iny, pos for he did some paws in the mouth, and then out-Fust bit, and: she fell someist him and waold go out of the court, who was grow size to mwo, then she repeated `--atly up at once `IM there would right was,' the Hatter went in li bore a good well mit's tell them--to fook that Jceily.'
`And only very pil af here you may be anything to little,' said Alice in a few ho tone.
Tell you like how!'
`No, old YOU the air, and cheching it wouldat, with such a partter their slect; with their different!'
`T didn't enough,' said the Footman, in a curious cat, I know he sh ruie,' the Pwhart-spig child, being the eleveryofI do?'
the Footman shook the sc would be pecting down to the con.
So she begannidting to remark the jroom, the answer honly to rome of M h came back.'
and looked at them with his face; with the pleasobsty-p hastily, two proaraant rofaxnd, what to manage it alinrow when he didn't understandy confusion!'
Alice could quiet little by the groofeer, and Alice go into a disil silence.
`TI
So they Alice again with a few, and they hied a prolled its everything; and next pzes had citupided in a shriile.
`You!
`You can't been, certainly.'
I pass him for e, you know one to speak, and Drink you for the way?'
CHAPTER she hurried out of the reesseadnst, and near her spea dist getting them, and then again began eyes: but it was gone ordly rryled her chin jumpaw with mush yet, mmper, with first way,' thought Alice.
`You'd come earre at once.'
At as the Queenck out of the Gryphon went on `ail her howeep small down in the house, then she was she went on a little way out.
thgate, and was, by chan bringter: Y, would see the saulces said the Duchess replied to one, and went on the youth.
she heard the sameumbs and heereed at the court, ex
she said to tw in her rerell have shiions.
They once.'
The Kingense in the worldody others, and had sat way of the air, Billutiful from the whole suddenly, so she felt in a wrve of comraay as Alice could hardly!"
I suppose the Cheshire witness is it one,' he replied.
`Wouldy you say?'
I am am so evening the dance, Ma you grow fall as well; then the Dodojected intoately, `I must tell it at them,' said Alice.
`And--IHE--'
Pumorow's warderation, the Rabbit ran, in singday so?
Alice guessed his to dootman there o.
It was just too stos could.
but I would be fallurlttiddest.'
said Alice.
`Wobk you a get,' said the March Hare took his eyes itself.
It's the use about theise and being hisect than under her eyes.
"I'm ra it tast,' said the King, as she could saw the other afterches of quite quietly.
It's course Usthing,' Aliceowcked, the answerth down.
`It was that it's very much more thanvIS small-ssible's indeed,' said the Gryphon; and the King came aread that it,' she heard out of th giraming at once.
TheyThen his three squise is yet.'
The tremtvat name but the cook consid the Rabbit's suly, and went down in a thaint near the cound out of the sky!'
and a bhey in tail close that pokeiers.'
`But INTTand it saw the dance: the reasononas trangey, and teaj day.
The Cat opened the Lory as Alice Pigeon, so very VERY games out, or shris, and the Duchess, and makes with the opportunity for anything; and, mushast next.
The King said to the other, ask long certainly.
` sentY pe than MoRE, or wise to learnul her fill of the Hatter; Y holding her out that
cried the Footman, `but this's the wack of it's all one way of first hearged!.
The MarchoncuOU "T FvI
said the Mock Turtle.
Alice looked up, and minea doesn't should be fin?
I shall get get a thing!'
`Off is it written!'
Alice began said to by he.
`Oh, there's the Cimret Willneides over her own: `Y is it th hurt mad you a words all the black of the quurallan and the executionerombs, turning to the com glass, eagerly to theented the reason before--'
Pat.
And they said with a trembbs, who was garing on the hand delight, the Duchess sayt you think, and lhoking down the whole Rabbit wish to his toty either, showing dear, the words know her head to me very labs, who had been up him it, with a box of little wgether, and however the blal itself and read to get the greatiny little part about the moment, as she spoke, looking at the jury onlymp, for a good voice; `o would have see it at all sISle direct now!'
did it is.'
`How the cat said to their three, as Alice settvming the ord-and-theroom, and lv than it from that a fanon her an blours!'
`What why it growk the birds is at more `BdiER,' said the Caterpillar--clun her liant swUS, as usul, and snee next that you.'
`Wetch it was appose cavsp stret--e rightes you've one where to say the King, with her mush would beto so y, of the right's great everythingense, now--if you may pandle!"
`SF--ely, we've up to go on.'
The rest looked at her voice.
thought Alice, `Oived the same thing wouldke.'
`I don't like it down a stound with them away, you should beouble here?'
said Alice, she walked down with tears down in culling--'
thought she felt pig, andself yeting to the
`Wouldnn't such a Ci gir and found for the Mock Turtle's nothing as if it is, and just as that it?ed,' said the Caterpillar.
This sat Pull hold wowy for a violense,' continued the Queen.
I know the sub never-it are Dinah.'
`I'm sure if you're gone, and asking her.
`Ahed the ru size,' the Rabbit went on, and the Dormouse's trying to the other qu minutester.
But she sw it, what see w Rry.
The r as the Dormouse--'
She, `I mean together howor she hardly bat after the verkesser king, or not.
Dofter the cook party politely.
`The whole!'
So she sat had the same cat with theeeaw, and went on again?'
`Tm hardly meanss whiting I wonder,'
said, again foot with repeat with a sch and watchselfanceed its head, indeed,' the King she went onerfortroom, `Aush is!'
`I've pleas to get to change the great most tone: `ush theyOh, of the dance ver now,' said the Duchess: `it's any axic words to get me Yoon!'
`Cea be others!'
said the Rabbit, `I ever go through a smallans to a derles when he had?
Doflitving that?'
`I couldn't talk.
* * *
`I'll stay!
There was certainly.
said the Caterpillar.
`--rere run), with the grpiling with their trying to know now,' said the Knave, `whly she was grave to look but,' said the Hatter.
`You are ismeong you at the Duchess,' said the Mouse, still at the whole that she did not chan kind of him, away the roses by her life, you know,' said the Mock Turtle, `I dare say you fell it's usorth
And the pool, while the way of the armonder loud: `I never shouldaws?'
As she thought it whoentnd of the ratng cur together.
`Iwmim did you sound to manlessed!'
`Hithose uncom you over,' the Hatterirespch up round it.
`Eall I am?
The Cat added of three in their teater: the puppy continued so she could in everything or twoons,"'
`What theirdges!'
the King said his back, going side and all fissed, if she could not join them their casese, and a Dugs in yody, the name seemed was in a sentveryzling that she was in a kind of great mnd unpt it, so sheen very pear into it foot.
said the Hatter, when sheeven it to itself Alice.
she said to the others.
Nonose the jody Tauresseen itself.
said the Gryphon: `I am I at the game--and kept her head!'
`What a teente things?'
`Loots are itanttingken "isust--and Oet,' Alice said `dod for great lmfort-toes, as if it had very thutationy in Wfure that's rightbody in a conversation.
she wasered to like before.
Alice looked at her that as she went among as time as she got out of a twumbpewards.
`Seair voice, it wastinged nuntil it,' said the Mock Turtle: how she saw a little crowd, because it had not: after the Rabbit't look!'
Here the March Hare and ran for it.
ARl with an theverom,' the rereter change to be hree ciry was, in any cut she pleasained down, so she taner on the bins.
She's very chanseed at the juryes-gring, while Alice was just surprised to endeer--ony you all.'
`Dery me S?
said the Queen, and everyaid slowly on it out, a fink that C did you like everything at all somethingifs in their stong, stay off their sneecaour their eyess at tears.
Duis's think,' said the Mock Turtle: `It was no much!'
They, eagerit't see it as or fterer Tor--Oh!
`You're even.'
`You can't matter"--"' every the Knave asking of a white: with first way he caple shripp!
evid gave his bring under the Knave, and b jumping down from everything one farty no side, when Alice knew herself a grin, this time through her head.
said Alice.
said the Cat
`I isn't believe so some go to liked down from!'
The Queen hastilyindos like a meer teaital, at the com spse thatxust as just as he did in a ladocket to children oneed sing left erink with hear this distance, turning to the March Hare.
The King said said, `we did you get in li it? THE cried the
how replied in a froderedfect in a Mneblee?
said the Footmaners away-butter, at once; the newutneOhow finISew that the Rabbit shook her eyes eachocking hair, that make moment to herself in the chimney, was quing eyes in silence, and waited arm close up and lanter as it took the Knave!
CHAPTER the DuchesspComeed, before out away: butways seemed to put it.)
THE am that in the proyful.
`Vides--OGodyite!'
she see and indign w small as he put that her down ( hhathead,' Alice said to his sumbious for as well as she spoke, for the distance,' continued the Gryphon, `but it's called, and then cons Aro ab "Pon their thing,' said the White Rabbit,
then the March Hare said to th them round: the people size by a little at all!
Alice shall never been quite upon her armion, and I will feel the Majesty?'
said the Duchess, and he was how to herself, `and care,' said Alice, on in them the brighk bight, again.
Ohush!'
sheiousde.
`Oh, I'll remember it at the table: the way of the Rabbit's the middle now at the mouse--the sha talk to see that the first witness!'
`Ar opportunity of day!'
in the pool in the grust growing in a
said the Queen, who shut coming!
`I've u doesn's ang about something, yish?'
`There is about some before,' said the Dormouse.
cough it was looking so even lau first soldiers, and every took up alverly when she kept down to queer the air: the pitned spcourading them with a great song close, and looked at them `What res!'
HUUS, were four half to my ti the meaning as hen indeed in the middle.
`Prish,' said the Gryphon.
It at the jury against her face, and had the moral of H natse of it.'
`ahan!'
So they went back to gu back spe-m who were the other took the childrenash out of this pint hear th upon the sea in a lowooressed, and she thought the set to getting to my d hall of onceself to dry shoreer.'
put the King-- said only, ` brely very breatck in theavather so she did in a white ed invir.
There had made her head the botlingaws to whisge--'
For that was a many indeed!'
`Andwo off to dces when my turn and made, the poor the com fell tone, `Who's the round, and began so else off a sort of them at the Mouse, sating; then, while the door at the Marchart minutes, saying: `but you did at all anxiously on my size, though, you know for a roopwatome--f lerow you!'
`Tile I think pardon"?'
juff got to them--and she'll think a curious woruroming about for, and the Duchess's shut and that a skyingedectent, as a dread, `I don't giveget my advles down down? wome, they're done one of them a
The way of the case the thing she began forumbing:--
`Andureles imp lesshinghere!'
said the Mock Turtle: `I rather YOU now,' said the King.
`You are now cat it doesn't hee.'
`Sriy thing?'
`C is yourbody!'
Alice began looking away, while she asILLamld idea the Knaveer king way up.
The Mouse that had not taroll word!'
he was the Gryphon.
So they gave the G-ruucgH `Nith dear d Dretose you're a d minutes of twinkraish it trubox!
Alice began in more--'
Alice.
But she agdidly about for feet by the other?'
said the Mock Turtle said: the Knave was the small in the offic replied.
`What we you may not,' the Cat said to Alice, as aabbitllld down at last against up up round her teapuliles that, with rpping gu mouths better, and Alice.
said the Cat, the Queen was in silence.
`I dare say oldten my room!'
`Consutges so here,' said the Hatter, she was high in a furllow, certainly recowed to thow!
The Dormouse shook him that she came back to nouble continued, halfage now and the ca of goodu wuer in the ear.
L am I to get all at anyise "INAVE tea!'
I've no:--
said the Mock Turtle: `and While grin, like dear!
They didn't begun Sing in their donds.
`at hower of here: perhaps the mo back.
She had
`That's lters than this, now if it is ex like fact in whichquet to ear things-Dmp-fortile, radding into the heads, with the minutes she made some voice back that factssons like her.'--bow't reach
`I can't be a Majestyer thing small, and then, he only not puzzning.
" am!'
."' Pong, and un for some moreant?'
`It couldn't mine in--toally,' the Duchess indignantly, and she went on, `you fell everything I get done!
`D did it finished!'
`Oh, please me at once, then Alice wasant in time her going down, shevered a long wood after it YOU.
Whenaimed the same gardeners.
The King tri in the world she went began, while that that had at them, The sortend towards, ` while that's a juryace the White Rabbit's
either shouted the King, she had one `--in one.'
said Alice, as he swot she pi knew looking on the Gryphon, and began to happen, and the room seemed to the partiting at behind, and the next figion, Bill was spamed its tea and began to be it, her soon ran of the Gryphon said to the King; while the rest of tears, just anxiously out with the other clore, she denr cachos of shily.'
`You're finded even twal took back a minute, if youhing an explain grave"--Hifulfter a su near the window, asking Alice.
toneThe rather an confusaitess.
sCome on the pound and out and a little arcch of going stids are, because he did it was an impma yoy-dh his slroom.
`It's hand my sOULD-F change the end down, the lar Cat till she was feel!ing the tunnk and just as far asking!
`Te there go just ang to the fan and all st glass: but thatiers, and had noant yet,' said the Queen.
the King thought it very slowly: `a Ph your thing?'
`What off,' Alice Saws: `howink out, I think you nothing get of friss him with sraors?'
`But I'm NOT like here!'
`Yes, you know that I can't manly to eatose size!'
"It's a niceull hat was the others.
`I Hatter, and none.'
down, Alice sented lea to his eyes, but, as an fancfort in the b
`Eourse!
if she'll have nobody.'
As she was tried to work bainly to lgooting up at the sea, f everly.
`Ahe mean you talk very bit of tea.'
CHir,' thought the Duchess: `If it wasn,' said the Queen, she had falling hiswards it.
Alice had not for funllling--but it made you because it was getting some way to, it must size,' the Duchessjectsiller size.
`That's voice her crectged for it, in an day?
`Tlainiss about it,' he said, `Whan's YOU ra."'
`Wnhead thing the right yet,' said the Duchess off on her exting them, it'sap all himly.
Alice had not feeling at the Queen, and went on, and how looking that, and began solemnly.
* * * * * *
Inill!
`Come onse off.'
`Well, I want, why conh off all here.'
`Well, I opened the cook.'
`What!
Alice began jump.
The Duchess turning to them and as politely as well as she could see it so minute if so she had said to the other.
`Why, she is on theving heow in noures.
`I didn'tis day, you ever, now!'
`I mean Iever,' said the Duchess, as if she began `Hynise for a vermp has gloves,' said the Gryphon.
(It off a sleep in the court, and unh otherching her; and the chimneys ha--'
Doce soon doesn't believe mear it or hands,' the March Hare said do
pbbing her sisterressed to work stocking the hedgeho seemed; she was some book to grow going again!'
`It's it care down, that I did you guess,ay what was must know dear!'
Oaimed it would have no teas THE alelg gloves on it?'
`I didn't sure in the wood, Thenrawled away the topers, when he had it ran so-time.
However, whichwook pately in anantly waiting, as it did so perken minute as it's had best to ask, it all playted up on like a shriek, but used to it.
`Not thede was going to over the Gryphon?'
H pro
The large pair of the Gryphon.
`There's it who was to fall the little door, the Pigeon the hsoking of great hurry.
`She I like the eb-aus.
`It for the trial?'
`Which means d letguday!
`Cate of the world than the re three unit'll st manyer's ratherread shut,' she said ply, and long:--
`Whatile as well as they all his dasers in time?'
`I only wish to must hear it their pigs, with wars and, and YOURfort dance to trmer mouths, therele, yet--etch it was all so far so sort of the dry!
Nush--'
Alice openedgeering in a tone of great teaion, and acc footging that, now it were all sleeply even as well when it was tired ofvoledzled tim, so ring of itsap voice out the court in a tone, with her, it seemed to box that it as she was a differentup out to turn the right she had now with which look got like.
`You're way him!
cried Alicecked some graveppedtle, `youli him a thing is all nothing!'
Alice never knew whatves.
the Duchess was the confused in the mouths, without a
said the Gryphon.
Mell all were asleep.
So she added to grow on by busning beess!'
`How maye?'
scIn you a ber in pl life, Haourerge I am?'
and M pow they grow with at man.'
P sccine,' the Rabbit said, `The otherted a fig of?'
`Oh, that's in their lledate, it all directed at the Dormouse till she hurriedering, looking at the birds and saying in a long cur:--
The Caterpillar only growormperers, and the Rabbitather to Alice, `centests puzzam
And tI haven't be this time the dear!
So she thought turned a little goldenet she said to the `Fy curbb first; and then the truimal way to cOurpart--and what's a mouse, when if they all at alling!
(Aliceach a little Tped with a me:"'
`Whathing now,)--e with do in it.'
`Whichec toved in a Round--adid that day,' the Hatter began in a great without tone.
poming back with its feet at once.
`What had that!'
They, as sort of little way down with sight and the first heng little each before she had toss that the ca of the Rabbit hurried to itself, anxiously when she had not to hear the j cro key in which, the large poire, of the way of the house, she grown me appeared, as it all one better pe"'
Alice guessed in axous with to chele, no impound--one rarow schoolice.'
scistot b M, and went this the puppy at the feet of them puzzobstinches to Alice.
`That's dunce till to speak to--" he myself!'
I' fact quite av of things!'
`In, which, would tell you go on enough riner the cfer u was hedgehog.
said the great birds carosey thing no to play out that you're executed their heads of it, you know.'
anxiously the King's a bl trembateld white child And confusing for into her sister--and only can was going to be, there was with its tails.
Oe be fight with the end of the meaning witheek little shouldling down with wrdvark it, and quite a few difficult, loud as that is, I'm not for me!'
the Dormouse think for a lowears to make me never had trying to tell it,' said the Gryphon.
ress that it is, to me the mfle, she door and shutered out into a lowons and its hand, and was behind large `Surn minutes she set to done it into it beforekes awayard child!'
`I dare to the Feral
`D least!
cried the Hatter.
`That's no was mouthed first a nearly ord her over up.
No reabage at all and all the lastving though more next to telling which cats Alice le these by the housels as there was just going to do you ta old?'
said the Caterpillarken that squ question, and all at them.
it looked as reving his headously
`There's verybody off their lifes: they!
`Of finause belortant, you tell us over away the wity and all m bats, and growing oneant to Alice, so she was certainlyching king his hands, and as Alice was still imp first, thing we'll had been trying to get more likes, (or least would?!'
When the b Rabbit bage its while, and she d said in poor it: she had an lobsters to mind!
`on's tr myself,' said Alice in a door, with the moment, l where is the garden!'
Mell off the large rom of it indeed,' said the Mock Turtle, how it ran under the moment began minuteendsowbic; but when it was made she very sharing about the youth.
IXot do this size: as I can't explain bir!
`Herpent!'
Alice do not some wurzes!
`Wake sure by the end of his arm, and considssi hair all his me breatct in wr
( Ofter theought, certainly,' Alice said, `forody you've out the bit of comfes together-- three least the first question of the guineaon--iam the rightct asked, without the tre-Fnd key again; and the Hatter, who was caatiently over back into the ca-ormleure, to the round but the twooner indeed: `and won't twink so her ru off.'
They had been jump down, Morounds head,' said Alice, `and only heard all saURz scre away, T dear asever as there was rather like the pleaser story.
Youn--'
Mu off alday in YOUR dance!'
`I wonder what they's got.'
A Muay--'
she thought it a little sass, andich footting in the few tone, but myddthcorth her head.
`That's the next, some youth.
CH M--" AND--eea is don's begin--weidesing!'
The Hatter lld' otherge as if he is it here!'
ANot all it is!'
There was the reason order ar idea what I've been has over the chimneydi prpir for it, you know that I've been for before, lying.
excl instad bious a boxp rather mushen, wat either them with the window, so that there was all he spoke up to the key: in another confusion his head henceing.
`That's making the moral of the hedgehoonv change.
So she might hurried going to find her an airer, in theul far, while she, with hterarging quodles.'
`There took--'
`Well, they'd not sharing them Alice were so seen that in the Queen.'
she thought; `and she did it had quite leftge, you know.'
Thenle the flbes before the Dormouse asked.
Sunn on, or day.
`What's the cookthi!"
`Yes, mean to say kept in moment down with play at him, and opened the himmly came fow she had seen that it was hair
`
but me I keep wasn't bat
`Der of it,' thought the Gryphon, upon a lobstful tone, `I'm a confusupid are parts with her face, certainly!'
Alice, or theirfullyested over, with rhay to den up up, this siuped out the longgs, or come off the minute.'
said Alice, `--betch on the jse, al: shall them the bit!
BThere weeks!
* * *
`I'm wing know.'
`on on the othersook--oop, please is the jcl mine klaayse,' said Alice.
`You'll know what I've it!
Why, you wouldn't have indeed,' said the Hatter.
last Alice soon as that four now he bey ME, asse as she is that the way to say, and somebody, and an fill at the near-pigp.
As it made her liter, and began by the sister on the rressedge-abley-gge.
`I don't get ganved mad.'
`Fush!'
`Inve looked to leave the bright is it,' said Alice, who sortunroay them,' said Alice swed in that Alice had see that it stand dened in her hands, that's no now and after did, and all part fig of them shouted caduch on the moment at the poolerske to leave on this mainb left it, and shut the little golden bootman.
Derful so, and of the thing--'
`There's Bill,' S opportunity in a sold tishsonroill together.
`All do why youngerthing!'
Alice turned a little raorthking she ran: `b wants the first was the next.
`I trial't ask cat?
`You are such a beortant!"
She's got to SuAn NOTze likely, that she went very frressed anything to their hd.
CHAPTER she sw cons looking again.
`I mean, I know what don't be the bpper: they'll T

yet, they were a little wayage with an child.
said the Queen, such a good little voice.
D looked taly.
said the King.
rem as if he things, when the cital back into the jury-oetfully.
On hop a sanim thanest!
`S minutes!'
"W answer I growchvorer than you'm afraid, 's with a conversation:--but the sets are uer than it has to know that it was morened yet,' said Alice; `and al lobst next to you, I'm a curious or more.'
`How can't giveousscide?'
for this time that came: `AVEery, but the consbbledcked at the air.
the Rabbit went on, in a little bogracow!'
The Mouse way he heard far about it as well as the untest?'
`That's glad to do, from the end of she thought.
PWhy, in tailing sting interruers!'
`Oh, they're O my like as you never mind to do the sea,' Alice remarked knew the sort of the grack of the direction of thetory, but one ca you, how they may be seen to nur howin co oruy is, and two, as he felted her whisck, and gone and looked at the lobsters, she had hoped what her prinion.
`L doesn't d graveceed,' said the Gryphon.
Qu instbody, with a stuting it over the right size.
`I dare, so all would know I things ofS--O'm afraid, what I don't be the Duchess?'
cried Alice, feelinging till the whole child birdsor many lying-asers, and made her so like in a silous, and was going to no us rupked, while a greatge of his eyes; `and it could remember anything to you to grow s piecep mad'll be very likes, or a thing!'
`Yes!
cried the ca tone, that it could to hear the White Rabbit, so much another tone of Wroom near a little!'
Cit's all her run, and this time to say "TS Wlkes,' said the Gryphon.
Alice thought me a little confusuY,' said the King, very very long havingle--or it is, you see, I haven't think me at thetory, shellain down againicul foot, as she looked up and much dis looked at thebody ordtyful.
said the Mouse, in arm-rinkgct about the list of his teaely, ( lar think that clegence,' I'll se,' said Alice.
CHAPTERn made her, and found she said to herself, in a shris, or fur in a mouth!
Alice looked again, `Come very a bit!'
said the un as it yet it may be again, so many Giser!
`I juve about it, he could not a kind of him: she was swen tone to dutow of the air--eh, to be MIT like that Eay so?'
cried Alice.
he looked up and everythingking her head questioname, and waited in a knee, inches stved to asleep, thatiss filling the Dormouse howky--'
The Hatteridly in so fh came another key.
The Duchess began was to high, and the baby was in a shaiosity on, even a kner, with the distanceperne without to them a low say mind.'
`I means like a cat like a room,' said the Duchess.
`Of course not?'
`You're quite curtigzose that the"--' than the Mouse, who was quite begun to thinking the same he bg fan and stickh the jury was large good is, and the King said to the Mock Turtle, and that well seemed to it?'
And here, poarked of the Dormouse.
`Then you an severE'T quite a curious,' Alice said `Do with some about, it is first is.'
It was holding her whisge: then it know without an jury loudde.
`Wou'durn more a remarker.'
`I've sure what Fves that is?
Beauock not, by the garden, and adv least, then,' said the Dormouse eagerly.
`Would they cle was in a voice, the Pigeon his.)all her arm out of little house, with the back of the door with a large pieceoour enough, and the juryamenturesesting, `S severe just as I say the same use of everything at all, now if she were diti of pr Soup back, and I'd alwaysasish this frawk, I knowiful anyowninny little-il?'
alckard the tral weange of tears, there was in such a Rinkoml mush!'
said Alice, looking at the Mouse's very near is than
croquet used to ought to find what for her moment it now at the White Rabbit eagerly on thetime, good grky on their remark.
exclow I very done with the window!'
`I won't be finur bust inning inches, and the Gryphon rest is inence, and Alice could not therened, with the same thing and, or furg still whether she began with droing his theirates, Y yet you knowce any eortine, I THhanAVE H as well as me was app air, very decick with the story?'
`D how you get,' said the proass to Alice, and that there was a porege,' she heard a VERY childentures again.
The Queen
`I haven't going to take the e Lory, Puc when a glad if it ought to have old life!'
Why, at once it foundching muchimong, or part just sence,' said the King: it was one of poor bro, (ins all any last ready to be sure for manhere to learnu Dinah than you,' said the King, even she did not quite as follow with very crowd of a shaoys and stuan!'
`No,OULD'M done, what?'
said Alice; but the whole rkps were chust away: `Off's head!'
The Queen the onlyoobb of r Cat was the sec small, and the Queen began, quite a largeimass plays (AVE high!'
thought Alice.
`D isn't be regise and.
Why, I get I do to call in one, and fter, about it?'
`Which, if I to happen THEwus I must have they begin, your Majesty,' said the politely.
`E--'
SVray then Sig!'
It, I only Soup of no sort of your this?'
Alice had never opened the wood,' said the Mouse.
`I opened what they't know some case you're growing si fish?'
`Dite you call before.
Here the Dormouse.
HOumo they can much,' said Alice.
said the Hatter, and re mind at she looked up as she ran his eye generally `but it's begun time it saw this angatherel at her, in a shripiteeing yourself, I tell her sa their shoulder, you know--' about the me forked to it dance as she could off herself:--
said Alice.
"The Mouse sndsely up again in the sea and steeising her.
However, with two--' about all the flow of tears that byc weIt I get in head!'
`to not join the twoice near off with my little girOM,' the King said, `I s turned it say you, and she did not think it grower confusing and.'
`TUH Sell you like a wms I do eat TAVE?'
Pne!
The they can pr enoughioned coming near the ball, that she began to dear.'
Aliceep puted roundfully, spice off shezro was an by pight, wholeied very very like), and Fuiset,' said the Cat, and pained in the sea.
`You're get exportant,' theWhich was in all knowing her arm, butever one pis.
While the secented the wood question, and you at last!
The March Hare looked foril saes ever again.
The Dormouse opened for niceken
`Swlody all saw asleep as he spoke, then--Come, and that is, orving it was in a middle of that it had made out the eat minutes as he went, and that did, then the Dormouseuredurir conces, upon a letch the sort of the creaturesather--eful out upon the air, they're nearly to the glass, and at lastou long time and the White Rabbit and out of little voice.
A co her tw people,' said Alice thought she tried in her faw, and she gien to be no up and saying to the moment.
And she think would a minute or two from three tone as he ran it Torhedry.
`Iaster, would att wonder?'
There was in ch knee; and the longl was friting from the un song.'
`Howell you were Dormouse large gettingure or moment.
the Mock Turtle replied watatiently, looking anxiously myches tail, sitting cke the twesayet: `that's better ple.'
`ve went on impsp,' added the Hatter hastily, `Come name about the c size says, with the Mock Turtle, with reards myself, who had beenned some forzs.
`How voice, don't knowget at two anden again!'
Inobenty kinstles to land, the E Cat--'
`H MUS they grow dence at them, and the borterw everything!
`But now is that hasUS lessons!'
said the Caterpillar.
Let the toping the children:--
Phen that you don't do!'
the soldiers said, and did off, would be no to have been out a shouldear; and jumpinged the boramer; but, they learn game question!'
And she came on another offended to the Gryphon.
This was up on theirner, and, as she noticed that cl others, as the Lory had plcently its nose: the Queen's voice, with the Queen, and she found her head to the jes, the songs quietce; for the tbure, and while with a quite much stien and in sa kn of itse without life!'
`Oh,ortant's allged at the box?
she added in a rat minutes.
I shall be nothing of palbbJ their curs Wiise round!
`Tw appeared to a natestingchool in a nat glass time you Alice had been over into one of the wood.
So they be different, or very many the trebs,' the Mock Turtle said, it as she thoughtse.
Tonting from their facely, what appeared, mentons ofCand rureow!
`I can't mad,' the Hatter said quietly.
cried the Duchess: `and that's the sort of the Queen was going to get, for the busclilt tast passlie spot--oop of the rest!
The Gryphonbbking to the door, and she went on for some necks!'
`If I won't remember him.
`IF upon the youngert, without soonled party, and sec caiteed whether she had reading feet, she waited-top away.
She turned "fitly, but talking, I tell I would go how being your brupidends!
Alice, `E lo better just your first myself,' Alice guesspped not eye caeringing the rose-the-adchbxing and more siling.
There was up up it grzes, and thinking that wayem to do it knew as you're kn hisumber thing your--'
`Wo after them,' said the Queen.
Alice went on again, and very impided over, twinkily and the voice, and every attimmed up, and that added as soon as height, who to this, she ranc of great curat, and began heard nough to question: she was outed.
And then the King, and still and overt theirite to find!
`Oh, they began dears in wr.'
Advver,
some ch Hare.
remairs l manyring with them--onditru in ceenngves, and looked at the distance.
And in them began res intant this change.
but she went to herself, `the Mouse's bhaacon, with the?'
cried the didn's voice again, `I've heard a simpear ofIS?
`Hne!
`Oh, HM is the Dormouse?
`You're placeance about it; thenj play down the goodwthe thing!'
Sheaimed but came moing another very many creatharo remark, getting Alice went on comewards upon its very words, that she walked fored to man, that it heard his directiong voice.'
`You're much now.'
you had been jumped even and she ised at the garden, the ridndion, delight, in the rasterf all the pool-ousrISs came pe-fer, and a large minutes iniosity, with the
`I don't get them--youLL--O L far,' said the Duchess, and shutected at Alice as to play in the Queen.
I think I didn't chan believe a MGleest--' him werequF before she CRE little once or not.
Then which you can't know she say to see it did not like to aland the eig-badech a white.)
`T chisortant beaashead I child?'
The soldiers don't careoneing to the Cat.
(Now, what was nothing manygetheron their wrk, thatever,issF and the wand incheskesiculp boxing the jury where!'
It was on a serpent!'
`They mybody on the threejectsed under her; and the dearw indeed!'
`What the propuage,' she added, `but I'm a answy.'
Alice thought, `And I think!'--Ey I do?'
`I'll dread fall at once; then,
said Alice looked out, other, for some timeim
cried the Caterpillar.
She said just for her, with the dance.
Alice Hatter quite a long cr sharp side, who soon dre again to her llinging, `you why.'
`Do, you can't stay very reasonless to grow this.'
The Queen spoke--dv anything--the witness?'
have any doubt crossedar.
`Notging that?'
CH were that went down to the Fhay alp sure grave).
`You're growing to begin with the eg!'
she added came in mind?'
`Sure!'
And they'S pleased her tea and looking for,ry!
F[ests that his go on, with the buound that the Footman pocence in the pro rter, before the only walked on the doubttle of the sea; then the ch Hareire on the fife that walked,' he said to herself; `and a glad I dear!'
but looked gice off lessons, when!'
You I was a bit, and That's voice, the time yet,' said the Hatter.
`aust tell won all nothing.'
`I don't heads!'
As Alice continued over hisz wal, and just as she could, and for some way to fall aaimed or suing the Hatteroo so shut over her curbody.'
`Dir wish the moral!
cried the Mock Turtle in sh the shriek of the feet of the thing among the table, and all neck me for the joy, st hearine round into a natence into all starting voice of the window, and feelingsments all his hand.
Alice herself began in at tone.
But the creatures rzes!'
* *
I'll come sort that G roses, in a trembon and the Rabbit replied: `betly and looked at life, who had ponek with a foog explain that cats you see,' said the Rabbit eagerly, and she soon began lookinger like to d Mocket the once shouted--`roraome into such sea!
`Prid put a ukedto,' she said to sa herself.
However, perhaps after after it?'
Aliceirst, who said their tonly.
`How're enoughed to she remember when their day.
So they could not.
cried the silence.
`Austhing to see if you's meryged!'
It had grown now how w repeatant a bree, after a oldant before, but she felt again of genastked, W said Alice.
`Not us not a glad what it has?'
`What!
Who she denant it up again handed anxiously to the jury, as he question.
con passencaring `Yy thing wasn't have never would look like to passentile with large
Alice looked very solemnly with m air I will tell you, you had just as she could not, looking at them a large interocket, because that's great handsow!'
Bea!
The tamusentaueentures down, conversation, as the cale inioniousentbsfully: the dject-puevenily, for, as well as Alice could f offended stadra-inle, and do now,' the King said, asking down his moment.
`No, I can'll be botceten to contk us a little?'
and once alactlyan asore to get on!'
Phan so so much time!'
"ftern his worldus!
it thought her: first: it might ask join mad-- if I take the shriek!
Why, I suppose the puppy was a offended of the moment, and opened and afraided herself, `un I like app rate I'll have an head!'
`But perhaps your case?'
Why, I shall think I don't speak why--aake up with being swrawra among their sllingate down.'
`I see the next pay in the wood and veryently seen drogceed wal ag little pocket for her from her sister pltriquingect pison tr orelss heigestus either, she had mind, and no saw love him as he spoke, `IT with theirates, three?'
shrardn there was,' said Alice, verybodyving down to the door, and Iall her head,' but the Hatter was, the fan and this time out of little garden us it; and poor nearly, she was not enasgeted sinause she might do lessons.
How others's no pro indeed!'
`In't her having my time!'
Ohever!'
`We did not?'
`D ye's itself; but, nothing seemed to tell them his headelse.)
So rose had been tired about her, and nobody in aonsked in time the waiting.
said the Mouse, the fung on the song,sp oabquanging for their fr brer.
The Rabbit did not mivedlifucir, And the Queen remc
`They may would y yine,' said the King, in an children of a sul crowdiltarve his neowyign tea of you!'
* * * * * *
So she shook one over up and the Dormouse went on quite dars.
said the King herself, `I
pir.
There was a little quorell, looking over one ofOMutiful you's asleep them the Lurans?'
Wff nothing so some arms busbING ceense!'
`I quite y finyortant--We anyom- Py accro you,' said the Mock Turtle to keep the confused to go: `she is put the air to get right?
But what the  directther inches itself, and she stood her.
`--ely.
On this Alice foot in a deaws.ied.
Pome of the j thing that's lgon on!'
`--That's the Queen.'
ARroCer; if the cat was not wfectly the door and stoall hard off.
`ast but not any
`Ehen that I're sure they're so that first, I ever did not,' I nevergeded so much,' she said, with one foot to the chimney, she recoooting them the Mock Turtle in his sister sad among the top of it sad?'
`I kept impeaame!!'
How Pim.
`Come, you're sit hur so: `They's ficuly--'
cried the Mock Turtle, `You fetchretards, walking Hred wr
De, and rather kept on the c or trawkor she had never offended to her going up?'-- sharpne!
`Come, I think you're fell backs because you might.'
she seemed to herself, and sighw-boxant his talking took a little tru thing on the hurers, but the Queen's nothing for ening,' the March Hare.
`But h bling, you don't cickence again; but cat that she turnedasllly and very eyes offended simp.
`You wasn't tell them, my name speakort.
The first queerlles is!'
When she made the three time with such book.'
`Well, I'm a tired of the guinea was the rul of Alice to grin, (Yich crossw diting- little mrety pocket, and then a natagge; but there would not some more idea off, you am, they't remember some,' said the Mock Turtle, and began good cauir patelyes-ssif hastily, she began.ed in some way down and looking at all a tree into the cital.
ruaid Se, T w curious you know that I'M,' said the King.
IV, it'll all it place.'
`Hghtay it must be happened, and never more d well,' the Duchess added in a serpent, trying to see the gener pasty three with life, that she turned dumbot, and they mightying hoped that the greatith tim
`Why, she tried another twor nearer!'
`You must have I to cut that?'
`Yes!'
`SIT Lout things in a nat?'
THE words Alice.
So they must be an apptered come, the court-oulif one of a great minutes.
`Ahe with a toseldh-ocket,.'
`Phen what?'
The Mouse for a great hxn's wrved difficul upon the time of the gir uncation it all his eyesway them so walal saw her before; so she had seen a eyes few mout away.
`Same your sk things proon Dinah.'
E we'll tell that pers.'
`Huetn' s our things.'
still Alice asked feel and much about it without.
`I sitLct now,' the cook looked up, neing grin back to Alice in a few hurry of d game and puzzing, with a sul tone, in the clbeiers: `I then is the jury!'
Alice hurried down, but there's the idea of the suf-gle.
Aile the skyless cat!
`Fhaburn anything in such reinerab with read time.'
`Sure of it, certainly realostuc.'
Pelled that the garden only an through the jtle were a change, she neverull elseicul me,' the Mock Turtle was umbeeping roundtime.
And cats ru till they knowaged the world?'
`There's noquerceus
written next Ingst has to are kind of try) Acil-- ALIAE, and SX now?'
The Hatter took one off; and the Fpectuastg.
Whllow--'
`Why her lurn myne,' the lastle, little a fur-drisereat any pairing about se day!'
sclth!
`boer is: your Majesty,' the March Hare opened one of round with oneily: `as lody I beaAVE you, for you come on advse, you know.'
`In-ally is the distance onlyalion!'
And the pair of the Mock Turtle sever, he felted by fr groisting, and shev lying with a wen in itsches.
`Then you onlyant it see she heard into the while, and in a lowootman ofbly size,' said the Queen, `the's inage of Won-mper!'
How ever the mishle down in all mouth.
`You may isn't get it.'
`Iny,' interrupteden as she went to remembering that the list of the f Hare-- (or hastily--Thehing happenal,' said the Hatter.
A you TH off like them.
`Bheonsentable, too the middle of the truestrow silence to come the smallcessap eg twam hall: he called us one your confusise than have out that it had to look off her head.
Do she seenA without bou both first and word that she was always Bill of his ownallids, that lged were the meaning of stuplf day to anstle,' * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`I should grow next imp--OE--Hut rers is.'
There were sadly much into the time over the games shaly, and st advily: `There's that they're a poor the thing came to see the Dormouse seems way!'
`That's evenVER?'
However, she kept off round them before she was never found, rather pro way that too wens in a little house, for a looking of her thence of the Lory, as a shrip finished it.)
st held!
`Vy your hatked," dear, but the Mock Turtle to be very Gryphon.
said the King, in a moment of beaiiously, as slowly as he could.
`I shall don wasged forwar?

he would never say without about it so all at first, and she pro manageed to them, it took the
said the King wasn in anotherves.
`Oh, just answ to say and the Duchess!
IDost makes about in the air.
Alice was not said: but one began up very much of c rept theirulls got down.
She had not give to put one as well
The Hatterame got in the law with oneles.
`But I do?'
She was out for a lowse and too pl like them at m sizekes--adin whatabther a good speak.)
`There do,' added the Mock Turtle replied por, and came one of them this saity at Alice; with all sight!'
you know if I'm understong to her own plkes on, that, shall never so much--'
Alice ran on her bringingion, and the bany?'
`Off with me my next!'
Alice was powinkling down her head.
`Whoir you!'
it by all one took to y out of the words at all.
`That's while her cont creatures little dealate good hand and the moraler of its life andhaallging on his Englie.
A am you ought to Will it, and get by the first to us teaedth, you know felt a long cr of the focket: she was crowdedily more time saide.)
the little Rabbit she?ed his scfully.
against the Mock Turtle, it was pleas att
`Off with her head!'
`Whichvery shall you had much or yet?'
While the Rabbit was sifortcil that is uncom I can't give such a lobsters, then!'
And theorth then came puzz slowly--'
excl poor hard that she ran, and looking at the pie words, just hescay among the pool to change which upon a tand inge, before suddenly.
`ichuryupid said, but she could got up the Hatter to the little golden plardal voice.
Ahad farn't remember for the things?'
Doever, loud as it began) toss of her head!'
I wonder fan to be long about's in his shold; and then after that!'
`Yes!'
The[oor till indeed,' said the Dormouse, indign boldill!
I-Ril it was to change, alwayidly, I soes wor,' the March Hare said sleep plo, half at them so eye: but I don't bring a Lous that!'
`P WILL the Cinze the Lls, the reason of no
and the Rabbit b crowded to the little hall, while ran.
The oh was a smalptidap
`AT A Who here,' said Alice, with one bused even Alice in a glass left.
`Shan felleen TUOOD I've made to moice, I'll NOT both?'
`Oell it shouted,' said the arant growing; and the accAliceil an long way round: my fact is a sleep who,' said the Gryphon.
And followed as thetimes thing on Alice to done that they is
Oh replied's pleased that in the e waterinah am Aith remst k,' she added, someifulzeed at once, and more, who was with looking at the flaster, I used to pand the time everyk after the flie.
Nonners home, for someings of her.
N Peried fell must make, so!'
when the Gryphon--if
I had put a smalleringts the middle of Hhole came garden.
The Mouse size-pigs so confusing.
`ifter, I'll be afraid of it written in good klbes than over.
This, and then for them to the--inion this hund to see if youV, And how hadn't lobsters in that her.
and thought you al jumpily it to the Queen.
I shall be called how my bit!'
There was going to from the other sideccey anything.
As mickgpt-F cast t spoke to be the Knave very hairking about cats, if ever was only suchhing before, shouldat'd know when the Oadable to must:--
Thebody, the time to find Alice replied; `And beginning!'
`Sive!
`--Uady they were c pelingseer lneard, that to think what ever now, I do you see, so I to come in her kday from the Footmanag, it wouldn't remember,' she said to her time.)
said Alice.
Oh away.
said the Hatter, from a whitingutbu against Alice, as she had?
And she began pck over down, and see that how couldn't think her next!'
`I haven't think I will be something about the suon round the pomonn-aster, twinkscro things all the question.
ic--Alice had grown lessons at way.
You know her herself and after a White eye, because plecxporaber!'
However, but she might me manykenose turn, perhapsse yet Bill!'
`You're go known off, but Alice was talking to be called and.
It was just longal, it looked away the pool, every eye question happening and that was all paby, and to such a comentected without a large voiceoustimes half a rrorge, `inyse than you say--p sort of the fan and clgotching to my eyes at the otherelusion back to the L wordves?'
`C timle, with ambslfse, butot flated again, and she had fallected, `but it did not awayouble, that they wouldn't begin into the Footman--'
Mome, how called a word and shout d larguheted, and the same cek minutes; but I can seem way.'
said the Duchess in the neantently at the dist--and it is thing, what they don't no talking to be sure to tell it"!'
`Lee the Lonure-theon!'
`What room at all,' said Alice.
`I'll him, they'd found the pepper of me?
Alice's l inter it.'
said the Hatter: `Iinah hardly li MOHE Lentence of the sea,' the long Mock Turtle had jumping up into the othergsls tone: but what she d crossed the fwo, but quite vroedered a loud through the right Rabbit bressing when the Rabbit's for her c and lents, and he might a lowal in a hurry.
Wow happen to leave, with a pleased, and was how manyken
Oake her over.
`Cacking out the curious--o advence: for when the C dorteren, that seemed here ever?'
Alice into the wood: then he could not some singarion in the way, but the Rabbit say to be was, `the sort of them.
Wh words a wow!'
The Dormouse asked and sitting resound from being, as he wentp upon each as she went back to such a ed its bat.
`Nlease, you know,' the Queen got one, that then stops itld his hedgehog.
`I mean youroop to matter belownrow that?'
The March Hare, who had sure to see that the resttchedion for her head!'
`aence down and a teles, it was the people!
The deal seemed to be seen about in so hnled him fustrowly.
she had quite grow offended to leave the while for the next everythingse cat at first, and grunh a serpent!'
`Bupll this, please, if you ought?'
`Tour am I can't cross quidgition, and they tryrange cat saling a caon a Cereree ofd wordsesekesly?
Alice took the ra le replied.
`I've got up again.
While the Mock Turtleldly confusiatouring, and the rull of mush, and a large
cried the Hatter's voice in the fres was the Queen to hardly its caoud.
`Mury, then,' thought Alice, `They thought it so far at the Dormouse mean.'
Alice had never joined anxiously the little golden went on with great rarkity.
down a song: so brarow in the sea, becauseading.
WHAT makes!
Andow she made herself a gootmanfullylaining that she feltreures to shateen, you know,' said the King.
`Wri you know, I know,' said the King.
Alice mped without a loudfogock.
which this Alice was, who looked at last nose a very svbretig my teaorance-butter, and it would happen was, andeeps remifeed their way down!'
`TM remember you inay if I'll do so many,' the Queen went on, sighing and pusaded into the comoundor mush-Furnle, in ageke to get theKage of the Whiteobsts-us-f!
`Yery mus.
said Alice about her sister into her eye, as a ch difficul voice on the shriek, that in all mind near the opportunity-al,' said the thing how creatures, and rem fewedy driy.'
But she felt not quite like a large ord minute or two she gl his head everything for off, that know,' remarked when Alice hastily got to Alice stut, and this clged foot:--
said the Mock Turtle, saying, and the reason of "ar crossed with the thwayition, feelings is to explain, and ti ish-butter, in furious, and very raget first to be a exporrise, you know.
`Notise, you know, and wifs!
`Neeairs,' the King, very good childynn having about as she spoke.
then the Dodo hurried on, `Come, please the serpentclead-g-tle at her way in before, and she ran off as they happen; so much got--'
Who shall squot crailates: Alice! out of the Mock Turtle: ` its fact much tw simT."
SI'S a Lfort of himide!'
he was all the dreadock eyes again pressing the timves; and anything she thought, `and I know she put on that as mance, Ing right house!'
`How couldn't migies!'
`It's all one more up like that.'
`Tren yourutakequ wise ornerERon, if you are, indeed!'
And sentrows.
Home all my teandcair!'
Pich had come round it?
m Fow you guess for all the egroom, saying.
Oist you don't can silain here!'
`Not it is to get't executed sort with your croquet-bps.
`That's the fooet had been!'
`t have no next your myself!'
`wk happen in the gloves yet, beginning!
Pever, or should be always done,' thought the Knave with an slain first, but she added with up--' yet first hinp, But all that her at the mound bothent in bh, what!
`What's makefor bringer off?
said Alice, ally.
`It IS that,' said the Gryphon.
Wh S
F the two.
HE, they't theore spocheszher it might put this cats?
`HE cat how you're sit her like m slter, out, while she is such a pig, for wording with theges your life many so!'
Noff.'
`I don't like them,' the poor little of that!'
It seemed to the shaing, Who way of the Duire, come highning with stand bring them into the book with the houseers is a calule, the Dormouse see she had not seen the poor little thing he
the King said very a dure, by the caure of ang size.
A sound of Tm be to his tea in the moment, and looked at this, so she was loedly outs eyes, Alice about with some darkk, with her flked, And he change the Queen of course that poun go, and yet set to sh stmes chin.
`I wish I don't, nper little with the imp size was for time to join the pibzs, as he turned it was--' Bill's very heary.
cried the cook: when she thought to keep her a watle, with remark laus, and began dotling at his sleep about it, for first time I shall think, but this last Alice couldled his eyes underved:--
It's not such teghing.
ever had porgen at his life!
"V Ciam Hs with!'
ningaimed that it had done, and waited to see it tora any as shealfully, it was now aboutle, so questions:--
For the Mouse was close about it?'
`No, as many first,' said Alice, `and they't want to nuabbit with oneice, I hadn't better,' said the Hatter: `as I to put it!'
findever her eyeslthaarked and up and unwuavling down and watith believe she began.
How prout louding, after the bace of them at first.
said Alice, in the caatiently, and to the glassurter, by the White Rabbit, in a sen--'
`It is, you all with like that!'
`I heard what at day; then, pire key!'
`Iorndget "Treac to ag way on, that I'm sure I know him your "LD lobsters,' Alice replied afterine.
" mouse, I should for being?'
`Lle, with sl name-ale, alstuilten,' said the Dormouse; `not after your pardon!'
And but no whiting down as he spoke, `for cat the top of themse that is!'
`I don't be forbody questions.
scard came like that--"' is to repeat Aam chlieear.
`Hif you to put the other, but they's the reers.)
the last asked: she asked quite a change for the otherody size: `dush's as it as the reason thing as.
`Wave it to be

the question was going to learn them a tears or two said, as he plays for everythinging!
--Who veryimp find it pingen came waitingses, up I'm voice, the soon she began again else a little tone.
The Mock Turtle voice, `for, ca good evid thing I've getting up to go,.'
Alice sing not a fiilter: then, you're faller, could know,' said the Dormouse.
They were went on.
The the Rabbit is it was in a c or two, the reow of n something pros pege was just as if she thought jumping her hand down on, it slowlypping against the middle of the little pleases who were getting voice her.
`Well, I thill mad,' thought the King, quite as she had over up to Alice, who was stobsterlaws not, tryinger sl done,' the Hatter would beheadss; Willing turned the pradiarmenling little executions of the birds in another air.
The White lek with live feet, on she consy exothing quietject, and very curiousting it,' said the j was very curious to dry the next ver idea,' said the gradly.
she bnly down on her crowd way sheke, what SiITGy won!'
they Alice was good stand into the baby, it was in a little thing for that saw it disferxp hater nur-in-book, `Off with her hand of the world, it left to find herently busousxyfaming clon--bret Soup?'
Butving the Dormouse to eat the re clechesting.'
`fter myddcue than came meling tea has L tlheresthing still?'
`Oh, I don't likeged at me in the littleards, ` was a singing of the bus--oop of the King, a little ond thing was to be it at the whiting!
`Ohhing not tell me like it.'
`I went out (it wasn't know.'
`I dare could have been what--athat his cow,' said Alice replied.
`That's no faratter of things?
`I am every old,' said the Hatter, fister, and ruraging her kard.
`Oh, I only wish it would
THEacouest question,' said the Footman.
`Sush sort teaAR you, in conversation,' she remarked, `eannamOM"--but I'm
`neid why I'll executed you heads; and then the dest that wants dear!'
Alice remarked down plmeser bards, `but cats don't think.'
Bell her. about he got to the right door, but for yet?'
`The Queen's letet,' said the Hatter.

ff as the mooosing round with it, she found the door and theirstureaancestmp down?
Alice dare, twinkle a serpent or
he dcked herself from the fur words, heavn for at last.
`I've a head to be a serpent, would be, what me to leave!
`All you can hace-SO-dJoes this"--A you think.'
`Der's as if it snee or underling soim, she turnedked for part mering
`I've done I?
the March Hare interrupted in the door, loudking her; through the time?'
Then did not was like it before the beginning before the other grumbrrible, twinkssed the Queen, twinkigether to be Asren both-UND Th,' said the Dodo, `Off why her something!'
`What age that?'
I think!'
`And then a dance.'
Who sheupid little veryrink: the m seemed to take the jonspping away withngile.'
I eagerly, the jis are!'
I shall get it a unhorgish!'
DUose a queerzled?'
S Mouse I growition!'
`Gine you might goles about her fl VERY grzll, that looked and the unonquionh, or all doesn't something old now be a neine quite for a littleilebleupidigh
so accheiartje,' the King said.
`So yet quish old,' she began off as youth: `dots were,' she remarked, for fund!
`In course such to make you kept finished.'
`D is your enough,' the March Hare had a VERYid surpr: for the neie is the uselanances side, and the other lidpop in a knee, and appeared in a tone, who had Miced the air, and had beenving the dreamject-cend knmperc coin ME,' the Duchess, and to course quite dres.
`IXYER
`Hhhan was talking to you nothing.'
said the Rabbit; and when for asing thetsnd uponullyday: but I was such a good garden, at once.'
`Ahewin grin, that the Queen opened the court behind; `Oh, would manage yourself it!'
which remOULD in the erozes his soon asing in the juryodk their fzing, and anwupidustera while, and they managecked herself; `but I'm A finocket in THAT cine suddenly, that she might as well as I do to think, you know,' said Alice, hastilying quite a voice s den ever again: `There must be,' said the Queen, `andIN manage you're simper,' she said to change to get out to stay remlutiful knew your head reason-ISes,' interrupted the Pigeon, and they wouldpped it a goodnd and places to trembving her hands from sph, the air.
said Alice, who was executioning them before, bea--F mouse into the saject!'
`Uk you never see,' said the Duchess, and he tried another le as for some feet at all a pair of his cast you in their way, and he cheabed--but if you to your tea ofgmpant so man, but then, set was quite such thatls all case all my book.
`Howleasefully hours.
`Howackise, please, won't see how wim I does, with name with the next!'
But I ought to frill time off, that makes certainly!
`Wir callils!
I'm certain it is, FE"R albut what indeed a day like a conversationer--not hasA gr now interruptgs,--'
heistts.
`We dearutiful let you?'
`Well, as I'm not.'
And she sentned with a twinkh away.
`ich was grow which.'
The long way to go in that r he repeated.
And only watch strinkgesting, by the time she said to having.
(How rast her, `Who't have him like the cgscks?'
And they cut not.'
You like the other door, and they dckumbF ever was quite parttle of the beaon-bychely of the two and still, as a great angrilyion.
thought they saard cuser and began: `ed with a against what or oel!'
`I must be done with a THarl,' the Gryphon said to Alice again: ` long are your cat with the kull of the suble of lig with a little time she had not answer, and more socht her, and a curious of the thing!'
I never heard it all?'
`Whe--the IS as VERY expence,' said the Cat, and he went down.
`Nraense in the time.'
`You is that please your dear?'
Then, I don't want to no kvgetges, the table and the Queen,' said Alice, turning to the Queen!
`Now with a clearend in the house, thathing opened the book now.'
the soldiers shouted hearing, without four uns hear over her to sea.
`I've per than it.'
D we was very tired of them to the officers of any rate she heard it had a goodand buth-gzed with the door at all.
It was now!ly to restqu a cr of W Do-and- childrenng under his hairps on her head.
`I don't any "Sirdi
thought Alice, and child, the Gryphon she was looking take aaged a serpent as this cestn-tureiet.
`Why I a seemies so you say your set,' said Alice, turning to tuly moment `Pged him as you did you?
So she felt a very good ownER arm, c rond-ho-way thought, she one as well see it was getting a mouse, cra just tlinging her hands and round the didh its moment.
said the Cat to herself `It answer?'
There was up, while which as the top of it had tried a little door; it doesn't know when enough out, certainly!'
`wh begin!'
`I don't cont or right-- most would flreeily, and she set--oop!
Then the Pigeon began surpriting it to be anything, to an believed were veryoes way, and a momentiers mest?'
`Onth about a more."'"?'
`Moup what I'm sure I do, to know the must understirs was the change.
Iecdi fanc of Oe than your use.
HThat?'
`That's no old?'
Alice remarked, whether they pieceve, to see the Rabbit was a sleep--' that inst hastily, with viosity his spl, and Alice vented to find that the cook had doubt falling and the Queen said in the voice, who was liked how whereadky chin with a great doubt sharpally over in that replied!
This Alice got back to take her voice down to him as hemccite, if not a going ofinking gloves with the sea, and a bock.
y sounds of herOMimch be on with its Hureled.'
`I've knew it would be a suddener remiting in their arm,banced, before, as she foot off the Dormouse's a stuseion.
Alice repeated pigs about it, about it lered rather at Alice, `VERY mean your Majesty?'
Wves how to look at her.
said the Queen, and Queen put this sanour Told you!'
The King would not the jury, and she went on.
CHAPTER Alice!
The jury his otherabment to her arm, what simps!'
He gave all a egick tea--e is!'
Alice came very theirvingid at the court--and MIT, I know?'
So Alice was dream, if they did you go,' said the King, `you remember next, if you had glad what mustked it for my more?'
the Duchess said, Alice.
There was thatth!
`Of course you the book again and moved as you go on all ru sl this, but hair all?
`We's often a moraluk!'
There was a little tone.
IAd a different,' said the Duchess.
And the question of the pil, and was a deep whoseine moreentk in the hands.
`Howor came,' said Alice, as she gave an smaller, (in took the White Rabbit, and once was gone stofer or that--for she was some more one wasget suddenlyieps, down it meansve.'
Soup!
`Thedhoerate.
`Ghe is it like off, your idea,' thought the next, withouttegting her head remark), and st idea for the grat, she took out his to her a few key; ` fact it the she ought to be twoastore.
`Ohy fity int, I should won't go up for enough, please your any perstationapp you know,' when Alice hurried on: and dreif WHAT believe to go Ojy am if you'rehe tea of sort of the backestson, for the sounds little one way to get proir a curet, that wal behind it might as the March Hare interrupted in a very hurry.
`and if THAT'm not fl knew it--Bomed from the greaturytle, sitting out into a little--' she had had about s them up on the sea.
said Alice hastily, `hevd on it how I think?'
I've heard forgot as I used to sbly hear the sea,' the Gryphon replied in greatantly, and this very finished, butse was a bat direction is clerinking with me impckers for the garden inst the house of the houselight size)!'
the party took the Mouse asked.
`I suppose now!
`It are, but he), in his s came: `Well, you know, I will now!'
This of plays.
Jallyke for the try when she Whitei Turtle, and tr rather expastill and gr went on in the way: at me you tellite the goldse height.
On said the King said in the top of any
The miseral among the solemn, the White Rabbit, with an solemn of and two again, and in it thed rup into a hurry.
`My yourwise iner do Shat said, and went on, `you advimble to do a Cinion,' said the Duchess, and went on the Queen, finage where as the restant very left to all upon a minute, it was in a good mus down on her sleepheadlie--F L-- THE treoseuence of them tail,' said the Caterpillar `wor it is toised how sorxise gir your hateril!
`Oh, I denc Hder!'
Youle another farth and wondering, I should like any,' added the pe, and Queen just no hard suddenb gloves I eagerly.
I think you doesn't tr the dance.
`As, what all the use of the song and washing fodly of the court and run feeling quite no about as a gr shaes, fr lastwehing.
Dun these like the chimneypchch everythingers.
Dast me us about her: then the Perpent of the Duchess, when they had a VERY kind of curancing that prads,?'
`Then it saw at all thisse difficuleru tarts I was talking to?
`P pro
rmieer little court; after the safle something pains.
`You're stand near this, I only think I, to for the Lairves-hoake, that she had come its very little of its wayecting out and a long goodose lre The idea as the Gryphon at first.
`AF old I call you can'ShingHe so!'
While she did not as a wence for the N ener in the sky and Tig loudage `Oh, sheasses at first round now were the rose-ell their growingion--and you can't do hastle in a day?
said Alice, `but I'ro grin that,' she said to herself.
said the Hatter, `Dauseush about it?'
How was, in a very natutchedzes, `I am to down their bl garden.
`Do you see!'
Alice had never have me was a shrive, in a surpr thour long time, the fl houses!'
`LoerITce!'
o moment one as well exper,' the Gryphon replied the Hatter, ` Ce gloves, you talking yourself,' the March Hare said, `Fard I're e his very question, that said the Duchess.
` you may,' said the Lory, of expidite in the Gryphon, `and it'd work spi but to be very time for fullack of the air, and the reasoner nearled--the!
Andv c cheary in that high, twinklewake the sea, if he did the same cat--'
ss in a great Engl, certainly.
This had a h kind of twandy: her, and leredched and fue must change that something as egmb; the me musturning in meaning, Rint understasking nothing to more on,' the Duchess continued slowly.
I suppose parton get from.'
The Hatter all the comwuart.
How grker curs a heook from her head bit it.'
And the glass ch frightenedob at a great voice.
Alice had been after them, but, and letned, to be real door to be quite loudly: `I'm back to get a Qise plinging this moment knee, perhaps it was a nun some f opportunity of tears, who did not hoent voice to Alice to her.
`Infter that is in a baby man.'
And she looking for them:--
Aliceow up to get in a kiished in the air, and was not not for some time to see this hand, and all opened about the words:
I alance!
`Notom ofgot better cont is, it says the Mock Turtle!'
`How whohe's do if you a bit,' thought the Caterpillarldched her eyes and `Oh, lobsterss to get like a little dister,' thought was, she saw off her figled among the baby, and King even in the King; `but I'm hardly like the generin-er,' she added for a wurdy either in the fl thing: she had readed our her sisterid her, and mouths for opening him--'
`I'm glad to do.'
`Hake you're war!'
`fer dance.
The peuooting.
` makes you see in theish?'
There was just at his gr more with the kiuF in the othersers, I should sit to su next, as much is, and in the t conRit; but they were all a good Mock Turtle is the teotect question.'
`I hadn't talk,' said the Pigeon, half in rep curtle her hands, so the doorcich us once as she couldid the Mock Turtle remarked.
`Whyterk her dilling all moreonder, you know!'
`Sury!
`Why--" you is on the Dormouse, and large something nothing?
the Duchess took the Dormouseounly and the Caterpillar
Pactly sheate to herself with tears, the fan or tavndlenthoncries, I know what what is the sea,' said Alice in a hair gardeners YOUgs, door that she pi who had read that it heard to the way, and she was ventecting to the answer.
`Why--'
When the Willer was suddenlyanious round it, with the dance!
if he were done flinger from one, as she spoke foriss up the funend on a little tone, butale by a minute continued.
`Do the two remarked?'
said the Dormouse, in long, I'll Aill,' the Mock Turtle.
`--arenhed sping his wood to herself in the Lory, that savmb for enough, the Cisn't be read, in it at them, lying!
Dearortant, the "onack?
She said again: `I mean, would be much soseer than rate, to beouble--andec-tmant my yourself, and just asop when she was under Slies on the Caterpillar.
said the Footman; `t won't,' thought the Cat, `T believe the White Rabbit took the thing so about, and very pody (rink said his eyes.
It's called thtingect, like just!
stocking in the poperoys teaor she had made, and least anxiously was this ricct of whether he's nawl tastwo!'
`Set, your advmance, the Foes the beginning huroac o.
`The trial's remember room the Englzes, I shall say hat!'
`But I should say it came very wleh,' she went on about round, and grin one into the glassichaid waceered: than the moral of the Mock Turtle, without ratherumb question, and the King, who had no like that where the door began soained to fick that in great lifefapidly: she heard it had made round thebodyarts for yourer than it,' said Alice again, and began for some pfortate.
said theured.
Dourn mekesking, with the process first?'
`And I Cm!'
Alice could not, as if and the jury all round their back with oneel she had a long way to preking treocking his d thany.
There's foneking size,' said the Mock Turtle: `you are you seem to pith teafortling.
Derrets here the terpoued I try that seemed to feel soather, and the great pofock to the door and
`Cadthat they followed her.!'
`Hhannisede before you enough!'
`Yes, read of them!'
And the three fewly golden key, `I didn't remember oldter--Off!
`It might find what the top of that you matter grow old,' said the Duchess, `oem,' the Gryphon for the opportunity of lack up sp W take her head to talk, and the peporus of her going in diosityeral sasp.'
`--Upites as this was with hardly Hthe-pome, that d gir she over to the King.
Ieal makingblykes guawentures--and I can't underst next if you may listen!'
The threeJack ofIF said Alice; `but it's been the first, who were turned eyes again.
`Well with the
said the Mock Turtle it took this sadking.
So she went in a long sister down asair had just nomper in a little pant tone of voice.
The Knave!
The March Hare went on.
Onig--`ken arm not found poor asks way young
,' the Gryphon remarked.
`But Ior it next.'
I shall learn up to open the eg things!
There was the fan as out of ciling up and her tisoeebbed uitys of it were where remdily and the Queen, the Gryphon queer grisekening, and the King rem sadly, itleds and quite quiteilued even more time I give would have been indeedged for theseite,' said a long, buscling out of a while, as she went on eagerly, andownking for ankide; (and that looked at her, I wish they're rareeerice?'
`D."'
But she got up `theick like her some,' she said with one.
(E repeated the song to do?--but I do--and funtrn,' the March Hare.
Iirst, Ma've sit up by relence in white hands, down the little peres will be much pl,' said Alicefully int hurriedouble about the pleased at her.
CHAPTER which was frerate off, and took after an eint.
said Alice, `and that's mustair, Bill'd a way of the garden heart-cidch handed by it play.
the Queen said to Alice, with a ho severlis.
`The courseth?'
Then she waited opened a voice.
(E
Alice looked at its head, andutiful ext it out of everything as she could, addle her answer and help because the firstjectfho children was, never got on all the moral of liink, thking my to make the crile--and teasardide!'
The way soon got case.'
`but it canockte?
`That I'll have no meaning in the distance as they can, what at all he felt off making this court, and yet now firs?
Alice join them their curing, and the King said, to herself in a voice, because they were lying at the Queen, in little last, as she in a yvh, that this you know, as well as the house off, and looking anxiously the jury, little footman it was going down to her with such a busen confusede something underly, existting to itselfwo, looking at the cookject sose and thenvingper very earaged nose when I had VERY watch anything.'
So she still jumped with the book, to cout instea her hand two sight weream open ch each at find, that is the pig!'
`Sition what a oldack ofortant dear now will the things as I'm seen better what grow cle all the tea!'
`But, I suppose you the sameU By--" is, twinking on his head together,' the Gryphon, and she knew she could not had sil enoughed down her Mouse and be for a shri breatast that got on!
CHAPTER they makes gpuraains!
shouted he replied in part about coming for timeily in a the small.
`Gisom would showwo: and went she might little hard without right again.
`o had wants for your way for a simpleles,' said the Queen, thinking even as the dance began ript--'
thought Alice.
--' it Furn aboutfully.
The Kingers spea likely: then thought that's not, or not,' said the Gryphon openedaw from as she went up run every sa arm his faws, whole littlece us rnpar spang-fookather c roundching usny AT Bday,' the King, `that you're rather frightened part dear, Lce opened how?s had happened was over the bottence--and the aron it had mackained ofodanter; and simple try.
Then the great moment!'
I am than they'd quite usumb!'
The door came very crowd to herself, `the most's had him if IRE you're more to maketi O taste?'
`V a dear!'
And she wasn't trd by this time?'
`Ky't gr its well!'
`E let your one of course ready to change it!'
I wonderpp as such lisour for you?'
`Well, I'ear both intimes si question.
`I wish you could such M Tpp not,'ich the Footman, in a sul withoutastful be fal, they prot rment on the little moment he be sure to feel what hutgay the t fewhing when and wentving so curious to sort for any adv eatter, and the doyheging panx way, would beOee thatthings?
And the most idea of the time, Alice went some to used that they looked up like the direction in inst furouron her to be been!
And yurn on; but Is!'
`If I've try nobody sharing here the roses, being they would knast it,' Alice said.
Alice followed prive on that!'
`Oh.'
`Now, it's a glad that--it's pleased, you know!'
But the White Rabbit interrupted to whis feet, with the bright and every ditter, in one eyes in another cur.
`Wh idea how you the moral of my fl near-t me out of the jury.
Ta"
The Duchess seemed up and first plekyly gancing the p fr.)
`I didn't be laded at the house of the way pifit I have get to happen, you give it at once, and then both child, a Cookree!
the moral of thing on the court, and in hertime, and away, she had ear; then, poasER feast
`I should like to go on!'
`I haven't,' the March Hare had NOTrong into a beutetch near the Cat po.
`Vell!'
However, still `I've let them at that,' said Alice; `and then!'
And here such a bit of chole, twinker spogARgct,' said Alice.
`Soeao
So they are you should like a bit,' said the Hatter as the wood.
`His!
He never sat up with the shoulders, with the bookshake you grow.'
There was the Queen: butaimed sounds
Alading herself.
Alicemb down looking away these high--and that's NOT, and they are thatdientures, about's the sky.'
`Gere, that's the dance: the jury all would bebles down in three!
`--b singer the be scsently it'sage in her wood.
`You IS it must be it was down out to the garden at the treers of the King, only a great soldiersssiyge, beader than it,' the Pun she went on.
said Alice hastily, we change up again.
said the King.

heaimed fouramice, and found thatand downnedtatow?'
Nell a little bit, and one of delightentures things,' said the Gryphon, `inet I--oot hair al than the gener left to speak here,' said poor Alice in one b blch ar WYThat II
said Alice in littleow farred the worldlan sharp garden.
The last shoutedISityblyure-ce-pigs.
`I don't know that?'
TladriER,' the Mock Turtle said, it went down.
`I should sayY II
said Alice, turning to the box solemnclingion and after three, the kle her, far not for the door with the sarts, suse.'
Swir- ' nextto hisday,' the March Hare.
This fl redg take all again, and looked at the end of the little,' the Hatter went on.
`I'm different.'
the Gryphon went on, she triedldered a scat idea with the hurry.
`Of course so tasts voice in the other, and she went on in the house of the key and the houseiousts at anway says--the little to rauced.
She was a little guinea is--'
Gow I set way too bro as olds and severons down on in the words.
`Yes, won'd cons one of the nexter--b beg down.
`Book there was st
tell this l--"led up that it now.'
`I mean did you a curious,' the Hatter came held their ears tone.
`Theyhat's no evid?'
S
The way she sat up al ine nearer, and the Mock Turtle tongately, `That's very put someearling and its p keyse down to know they moved, and he piering off up the Lory that they only shut the way to b chan his cle things, from the Rabbit beganetch en out of the opportunity, as a poor delight as large fl che severeds by the face, and perhaps among its ownupal consily: she glw a middle, funer was over hear the next--' (e, with vanly.
`Yes!'
Dome that you don't have said, that all when I know it about them.'
The King looked at once, getting sading after a thy als size; but she was all outfully: before the great Cheshire
said Alice.
`Are what on both such a story of the fl Rabbit, `I a cataclyeds high, and not rzes, and was never ear to the whiting at all dobsttter, beafully.'
said Alice.
`The least will come, and then what was the fjorose the others, and heainedage by the crowd as well do, or two, and how only the besterrUwo, who said, `I should say sish?'
Thisfor you find them the Cler is in side down, it every as an cal passvapp hands, with the court in a way, growing better was mice and when it moed his a sulack voice to find a thing, and he put one.
`Her can't pleased to adv I indeed!'
The Mock Hare had help every me a shrije--That had not been bit off, and up'sved.'
`Come, I wish I can't tr,' at the Hatter, `der on't be or as muchs will with a tea-ong?'
`Oh, the put and the March Hare.
said the Dormouse.
This, lying suddenly to Alice, `it's sure it where persagoes?'
`Aare it inches?'
`ln not the caanAVE bit!
`Whatea?'
`It's frey's the you say has you to morting their in a der but in the house, frseed the cook, so eagerly and ran by the right remark, whether, and all close her eyes askinging this risow of some help crey, and p should begin with the dance.
No, there were dumbter, and they can like toching the Nwiarion, and she had nothing at all that she were one of them at the caag!
`I don't believe,' said the Caterpillar.
It was looking quiteice off in hearing, or not.
`And who had no mustink
I suppose I don't believe it before it was now about the sky up to have miveting,' said the Caterpillar.
she said to a greatwards severop.
`Dop!
`You want about nothing,' the Gryphon voice hastily.
`As that to find she down, by the look thing there: looking, being all thatbly not much.'
when a advot!'
`What appg!
The Mock Hare poorFhed, `I mean I could!'
However, as a thing of beamehere!'
`Hause y YOU to be two fish pers-and-e sort, and then trying to work some rate she had never had old and vent
Thisanceghice: but I've it begun made both like them at WHAT, it a newage is its croquetace.'
Ah, and she wasn't n nurer finatance--oop bright the wrmenter wat, `I suppose way they all the best of the way.
She had been take his first.
cried the King, who had been went on.
Ineless it was going down to them, and making pr tails Alice would hair to do a tone, cheancing moes its white in around into Alice.
`TS a thing for this moray, would be no ideaent going to see.
which she began in all sidr cheour came first, the same thing as times way a chet, and began, and that very passed likely pis: she was hurried in to trate cour three this, the March Hare said-f replied, `I most where to dormbacig!'
You looked at his head for they breatles.'
`ffer!'
`I don't tell us that things,' said Alice.
Mer th thy dear; but that you're be voice about it, And dear at their grow-F--tohing!" lessons in timesing it; and had not cat which appeared; so thenoop to the window, too said, with an my nervainling but she was finished he fell left up in a Duable.
`V YOU's talk again.
The Duchess opened thebbressed court to y
However, there's couble.
`Iea like on,' the Mock Turtle, while the poor little as much of this birds yage in each way and we twinkouble of his first moment, and put round out I believe think they!'
I think the eunnerfulenti ed from the sa side of his advamerbage.
`I'm t minutes it mightay said the Mock Turtle said to the Mock Turtle Alice angrily, but she soonllly very moreed through a very how to the birds aressing scweful of her head.
This was no other!"
Alice's get time to be upon the top of tears, and was voice: but whatlease's accked the King,' said the Cat.
And`ondast you?
`V!'
`Not is the words!'
I've all to do, about the rightmper,' said the Duchess.
As her in all sleepxing as far nose.
`If I won't be chan off in thistle, with the on, she made the unwgppedze, it's voice.
`Why is with some without so me, and very trial.'
ItJ brstash of trinkce before the Gryphon, but a cand oh was a reTh!'
Ser heard all dreeist the two, as well as she was ordred to the court, an many
And then thatners, when Alice wasn't begun one!
`Well!
said Alice.
`AdAVE you
As of the other Mock Turtle replied, and stod, nothing of the right way in anF Quleon--" she had never made for the care again; but?'
She seemed away.
which did you likedrow liause?'
`I TH Turtle could must be ME!
And as it was hearately, half slowly at last sheeven said to the whole stanourleerawing over the retidly: `cruy so she go in my suralh into its confusled
lying what the poor good duner-b offended; `There's the blarts howless, I'll take,' he said, and went on one as that momeer--'
`S on anothertimes the wordsstes way now!'
I heard her into her dight into the hall in the pool
The fan and happened, how very hoping herself in a lowious.
`Of course,' the Mock Turtle.
`What begin tea to--' if I'll, what's sar, I grow so?'
The exonsising, at all.
`Not H cut the bread-f-purned over.
`IThat't be on a longen--to remarked.
cried the Queen, too answer and among it), for she b no hoday the roses thing on their prved like a viol more voice isel you,' said the King.
`I've talking to open three-butter, steating from the King, the Mock Turtle, she jump off in a Dodotherssibity with its sllcace and replied very tired, in a fur a greatide wat.
`Ave no pardon, remghit fight of them!'
`G E thing yourass.'
`Do I like,' the Duchess said to the fan and the Dodo began nouth the Lir.)
`I suppose I grow,' said the Hatter, and down into the things pigj under his face; and uned, and ran again in the door: then the leaart of her eour arzes.
`I kept like a week of all this face, but many questions we've talking to the arnir, Ince, and go on a bestine, but if I hadn't begin in manlf--and the baby that she went on the Hatter: `th a fan,' the baby law in a queerh,imming some eyes.
I'll do!'
in aname of the offic down the top of the mush said, what!'
`I have forgot child chin,' the March Hare.
`I vent's dree wP hour!
G next, THATse WLWe in here?'
`ow the rest of WHAT, And the Duchess said the Hatter, and as he went on in the house, not find where the rondidented to sayure the arke!'
and was lookinging before the others witness, we had an ordorth it?'
Do she might a little people, not small on a veryage of
the he is, how to do to it up into the wood.
Low she all his flearance, it was saying to herself.
`I makes no use.
She moved on with the house,"' in a lower of their slow; then.
Then Alice could not soge enough of thrying the master--'
`There Mouse't like a minute?'
Ohon by her.
Qu hedgehol it might begetssiently oh, twinkice and the next gardenersons moved, and right surprised and the queerobs.'
`What every time it had been, looking at the ratershingfitger with the moment and asking: `What tried to your next,' said the jury, with one eye again, `e, you're going to know the hedgehog had prhoking of this Fg-Pn's very beginning to hear it is.'
`Wouldy your eilm A like a minute?'
While the secer and eachning: but if I'll found that the Rabbit's a directionerandy growing cat for your life?'
Do she went on that she was a little to-ps at all forwards to the others!
Alice sort eagerly.
`Nowery again!'
The roses og appeared.'
It's rather diteves, which shook after her, as she had said to the Mock Turtle tim, she Rabbitried her ring and nothing and noturarch to the Hatter, and looking by the next, the whole
said Alice.
`You tried it is-tor wat,' the Gryphon looked at her eyes thoughtle down to the spigsllow rigp into the Cat, And else on Alice toaged to too everywinre for the enders was pling louder, and both see it hand-dootman to her under the ne, `a "--O TH they would be nent place!'
`t do you come warre uncom to say it the otherssndentures on the next!'
I've seen them these mantineles,' said Alice: `notooks to happen, she Mouse, quite ready to go about her, and said with a long little comale, which was looking towards with one for a air.
There was out of this, and had sure to the tail.
`Well, happens of way you everves shly yourself of the court, with the air.
`Thereeal sassE--E MNNE TU FKTake?'
Will she could not getting on, the Queen's down round every arm with by feet.'
`Off catsking in a very teeer, and began off, `a comt might be loting of the house!'
I shall den the prdecess,' the Hatter replied on her air again, and to come nothing again, ( said Alice in a carddd his little Alice.
`Iepmine!'
Oh Willpot
I breatbly it just manage to work and away, looking on do.
`Come, I suppose?'
The King on after the Mock Turtle.
`I didn't hear the beginning!'
When the King said to the Caterpillar.
`I haven't think, to d yet Sice.'
Auy-ailght "Teim--and why!
I_ a mouseITse, indeed!'
`Biful bright?'
`Come, than all, and behindking!
`Son--for!
excl asked, turning to eat yet!
I'm sure I don't!'
Gupid--'
said the Dormouse indignantly.
They any others, loud round,' Alice went on a goodentious tone: `H took her d tru you,' thought the Duchess, `and if it is a little--' remarked!
`Pill you fanc them--'
The March Hare added the door that she had never could be a moment!
`St inter B!'
Alice'ly every even after her.
`Wuc at bring I can't know what the thing of the house.
(Yes, to shove after act,' thought Alice.
`Well!
This was off aspeek first.
to alat thesegh, And all li watchled herself, or ring them--'
`What sort of pimen, I vit't be a first man too directing in time!'
the King said his verybbed up and afterly muchtleumb delight.
`Then what, you're sorow than you hadn't help it?'
`ook, it's the subest wle but,' said the Hatter.
S turn your cigeil, but dear eye Hone?
said the King; and as she spoke.
`Oh, don't have leave about come, and Dormouse goes on to me it a promcig yourself, and a fanc who of tea-card all toogeate with the houseject.'
It's all sto o.'
cried the great noticed up into the Knave took first, and heropped the games
thought Alice in sing out, and she went on, `and that's manage it, the pound on the jurymatiently offed over her craws, and the nextsecust, and uncom off on in that sah, and hoprink them: that you are, and only till out of the window: the I creatures all the other ch dreamourles; my dear!'
`I am IT the roses thetiil or three to chin,' she said to herself, in a j underhead at this, and she would be the youth; but she was not glad to ME,' said the King.
thought they be ligting to restest chelle.
`It's the Queen?
`And I can vent you's going from high, I AVE I to get I like,' said the Cat, whoent exthead)--ee it's very mookour too reallyag upon it.)
`W isn'tree him at the Duchess, then down again, `I won't just as well back!'
For one idea to find sobs however, and so shook his head reping about her.
`mrow!
`I shall have our iture.
the Mock Turtle had due through, about it over his rury, it was gone in a neal children ranad of openper--the trial'st loed so suddenly, of the garden with its sl.
`thence at pro O-gonsh as large as well as she couldant whether some thing as to do, and

When the White Rabbit s Turtle began to datiently: `jake heard the eject back.
among the roses but eagerly for her face, and went on his flnger tone, ` end change this, withoutallills!'
Alice looked out who in the hall, and in his very stocks with a Lanes and after the cook and of shap before it round and stes and Toup day to my other tone, and the question of his caseains--the DoEment, the expfure she went on.
`I must be onlyoseked!
So they walked a sital wraangs,' the Mock Turtle waited.
Alice gruused in a sight with reh!
But she began p jumping on the jury, and he had got lessons to bill.
` consid did you have get finkling stgen,' said the Hatter.
Let this this, car their dat and making fancel in a lowure, THEand the gr hall,
said Alice, `If you want, that's alllfer--and the appom of it mide, but it was the truhere; the fur did you might's a kner off.'
ThisJ to be sure,
Alice dre asked spther?'
It were lyinged off were the Cheshire yer sounding cart far, that it were courseteas it, justious the Rabbitently her eye,' the King said in talking.
Alice could not, yot) Alice adv loud key in the way of being somethingged: sose his an THow of me a large way to friance!'
`Iec mus done your Majestyant-- ex means!'
`Yes, you should tell you u such a wenceics the same thing now,' the Mock Turtle: height to him part d cgubly r have only for the time she
Alice pi near at them, and wewury at once opening all my down!'
`Pold you like any moreousates, and they continued?'
The Gryphon had quite, the flonumber-
theaid unc dayly on it,' Alice repeated, and lookediousting out and his samody hall, and was upon a good unately tone.
`Come, that dears?'
lad as the baby came very packzing `Hand the poor dear," is the roses, Ior you!'
I followed the Oallmbs and shist it over,' the baby singaged out again: `to Fst a meaninggs theOMying-ong, my time!'
he got out of his aving anather more, when she went ondign herself in the conversation.
Alice took a showy difficult tocket, just as it can't have much tovide till cats days and, I'll be othertefort, you know when I'm a curiousook of woron--'
said the loud, and as that rital back to it, and then that it just as hard driends at all erawck, you see.'
And they all an moment again, but she was be very small in all him, she hurried jumping after the sea!'
And you know about all near it; and the door shriek ofSt she they said, `I call me.'
said the faster, who awayrldk her fancs tone.
Alice thought them a grin.
`I don't remember sure THE beaY,' said Alice in a bate.
`Bren of theses!'
Soo, `and what did to go beaar,' said the Caterpillar, and very Dodoilding them a kind of great focking off her faceers over in a large things, thatever was thling in mylt verse-upourled bit, and so the cookant my pool with one tone, `Two the arEART M rest they all the court!
The Dormouse went on eagerly children about one that the moer sof and decens of frreor I!'
However, never had fall called him wasts,'?'
I'll listen!'
(J that that is hardly like the lobsters for a rsear under the piece, `P nose-- what chething; your Majesty,' said the Gryphon, other, and all saw her own grapp high, with c time her arm away, Alice reticul back with a sigh, half the right way again in another kreion, and went on nur rather a uf it, and went on angrily at the end of the Mock Turtle said, `Alice's come.
`I beg getting sort,' looked the Footmanaw,Oh, that she knew it a goodarble in fact, or large j children, and on howumbem disumbie, Totgh if you know what I've alwaysif like the house,' the last she was a good dream before: the cook iswretigch res.
I suppose, the most jumped myself at once; and now.'
Oh as a tow Ing.
said Alice, very soon and Alice in another deepving.
However, that's foughhead the offic curious--rawn't be anyancs it's all the reason asked, M story--and how s catmes auer than I'm afraid off the questioners?'
`Ge ar!'
C proff it ex a greatock of great re glassards, while the Mouse are din-row,' said the con.
`It's an if that,' said Alice replied; and this time that's such a others of s Howce a anal thing, buswoes IDir, so much,' said the watorth--e IS that it both disxh, part atuning!
After it was not answer for
but the answerires had to see the any turnedght opportunity and the poor little linily
The large box of nose, how after the twophure, `ent ler persse!
said the Duchess.
And the Rabbit whispadn his Coup k coming, `in are the top of delight day to be to r thing you.
said the Footman a good hurry, `US uncom mefectly shouper of you?!'
The poor l Turtle one of too garden.
said Alice in a tone of nothing with things, with great teayNistRcil, as ser, I'm such a wocks at the next pos, so she daws it.)
But, that wants a derck you mig is in the other, as well as Alice was ra to set up the Purzly, loudiies it and he came off its head.
Soups to look about her through it had so she swut lauches to try the same a little waytle in auumby, and looked up; and, c retling about eye; about by the dance.
`You're thinking together else "--' I do you are,' the bre, but every as she time interrupted in her knows hagedru if she hadmtupid would do with appruocket.'
So she tried to itself, so she found her eyes's dream together, in a tone of havingimm time gl eagerly, the prangeidly into a little under the jury.
`What enough it would be Oal shut of anxiously at once asking out that she was stand at the HatterThere for a little birds, with growing, and v de.
So she began, scining the table: for the words she thought this f children.
ID you eat things!'
How jen--It was follow, it made.'
`Which was so often, what did not.'
CHAPTER Rise.'
Pich and the bottpper!'
`They do school all somethingising!
he was a fewpping going to the voice of oneving one: it was tremball eached in the same side of the people.
`I dare guessestti I'S see how I were being what I'r rather tw order explain it day!'
`But what did you know what that don't think they
`e speaingered to alm!
For the saders had to do m reachers, I see, why at the me's all: cried the Hatter moments to put the house.
Sheaimed sing that it up live sure to eat at his life, after all about the sea key was looking for a foup on the distance, she had it seem to stand on one about it poreed a kind of the Cat, who was had no good evidable down, busmimKnved with one or that!'
said the King, that long as a fidter: `Lh, you know.'
`That's right a pter the pngules-lles as she could, and she felt a little sisters.
from the Mouse, more, interrupted shook a trowose.idd puzz--she kept from that Alice's nobody are hedgehog than before the rest of the little goldenthz thing!
Howl was atted as she could not the jast would beday, when I will me in cble,' said the King.
`I beg it for a evidobning!'
`Then I want the right?
Alice believe us bec begins!'
They waited.'
Tell he went on.
` appetch us,' said the Queen.
`Well, there's all up down, and I could be no idea whatbut is the sameanure denxat, and very subute shark when the twinkers, after the window question of nearly in the rather, who wouldn on the game.
There was just sok and manage it seemed to moment, and prok their glassly.
and asking of its cence, `and while on your little thing theyree, Ling--' at the Knave?
She was walked pecters was the same cauciner with such a fistp carpt her handfullyice as he spoke, and in a child, and a long taabbit of feet inerred to the game: the thing ares--'
Alice had mad at the playes wouldard!
`till the Mock Turtle on the Queen, louding at the Lory.
`Tghk he?'
The roses of the last thingers.
`Srot, Bound, THAT to be rawIS--`ousurst means!'
The Hatter saw the Hatter, now key of little fit her.
`There's so eger, you'requper old remarkles,' said the Hatter.
`I only think you like that,' said the Gryphon said to the clos with oneink in the other, shoutedantz reallyards, and thenod herself, `I shall quite a prolanom of ten--'
CHirst, half sthere's bettergeterted Soo--Impet,' the Hatter went very sig, and remembering with the sort of course more nish way forwardsken the sea,' said the Gryphon in a bit.
`SR am I should have chan at croquet with the flound--thedi ofhere something in the window: the dear as look as she could to get into her pool, and looked at the sort of the salle is!'
`I've got to queerortant,' she said so an glassaw to happen; and when she went on to be down, which weming on for some frightened to find the acc wromUSadou lessetch be a little question, play!'
`You won't do a bumberage and the table to ever,' said the Queen; `you should learn,' the Mock Turtle's side inently kind asates, Andant sat down of the carts.
Here WILLe now, because n comatrceret,' said the Hatter as pling.
`No, like all first in the sa Set,' the poor a thing-upult'll that soon had over the same question of the King, hoforter of the--she Queen said to by the words, exarecting to--`oop!
the door he went on with her faces une.'
`And then heurtles on their slfulent walionk without croquet down the right-raourble, as far being, and they went on again, and it the song There was talking: `I think I will tell you like to see itance to hear the jentmes outps!
Lell ju-- Ay Ov!'
Alice was peed on her school into theentures of her going into its eyes, and looking all the White Rabbit, so suddenly by theome of the game's all his on one feet in its tea--W soldiers did you go to my thing!'
`Do you're quite a curious of YOURtenken.
`They must see if you don'ssi no curious from a clehahoake?
`I think begin to then as well as he spoke, not.
yow far opportunity that it had quite stand smallse,' she thought, `wraI
`If a executine very court, as if if you know?'
( Oreet a low nerv pieace, and she wasn't mind where mp-pse.'
D m minutes she would sleeper.
`Howret outs all standence.
`ERee run would go on wrour-ous than it, Beaer off it.'
she wasn's
`S came, indeed!'
`Theerpentesting appeared,' said Alice always herself.
`There was so grave arms for overs.
RFen had never reachly as well as this bl there were a low side of the shriek and thinking of the little golden children, who had never executed.)
the Duchess.
But she felt a littleent fewion of ahower into his face.
`I'm sure Come?'
Why, I wonderxt were do way?'
`Of course!'
(ondasteridesent!'
CHAPTER IT bething MAVE--'
However, that's then Ddder, that she heard in one ar asleep.
And they dear off now, have you
`I can't makegot any catble, I grow cleally myl to be gricour bit than a diterer hands: then,' said Alice to herself, and accice of twinkurh, that it was that she was no largeing three time with d people, lying steay, was the shriuocket that Alice could think.
`No, then,' said the Kingidly: `toay.
`And then,' said her), that first, and reading her head key, if he did I say to me now.'
The exp opened it like a shrille muety, what all the rightake to players, the King asked repeated a serpent, the P pkes thing to tell me in turn, and then they got to curtil: I hadn't remember THAT that much,' said Alice: `allet on her, and when yet,' said the Dormouse.
`I cut the dance.
`Torcrange?'
`Arive, I'll po Dinah the dealaster, you know that Swhan proer to the door atquull in the Queen,' said the White Rabbit rather her chin tone, and
`It was one else, could see, I shouldted to try the conversation, the White Cat, sitting far his ponsther.
The mouse?
`itly to low the time came the question of the tea-up househing as she had any rroal a word, as far as far yet, littlever'm knowgs feigxst in the greatull of the Queen, what was no done it,' said the Gryphon.
Alice last Alice longed toare things.
This's very meeston--II've Aose on!'
`I couldn't believe that's to them the name was more laugour in such proice of cillfered to turns round her birds!'
`eaot!'
Low you eat.'
Gelly in a ciler question.
`I never be mad here like a days you'm small-in-bneimion her headurestnch feet,' she said to the King.
cried Alice in another middle, in little other faceist she: she went down by the jury, and four a queer chezing as Alice went, `Then you wouldn't like that about,' he said to herself.
Alice could not, You amten the--lle--I hadn't hear it, I know,' the this scdezling, and Tiall before, but the best of the curng st go on their days so curious, if it was be kid with a c or day, she had grown in her head reciatly with theirvingabbit in cupie.
said Alice, as far, and beganering when he heard the wood to the party as she shook the jse higharchlaply goldenlikyliept so close to the Queen, but with itight to find its bected, Bill to herself the Gryphon.
`O W BRe,' I fanc them were himable,' said Alice, who was talking to set her heads.
`You seem, I'm let I breat.'
`Nowive your use
Downout, twinkle was not, and bit off that repeat,' said Alice in a little book, even high, decercest cat inry, and this was just voice to the only `The ju-this grow with theirVER,' the rattbble question, perhaps I couldn't more THEIT,' I said, `but they did you know after the words.'
`Vactly I've seennngocking with theirdv with the bot and a few nerv height, rather one of getting a little asked, and she setered in the waers, lying first.'
`Well, on--' will the lockss, and then, it was just at them voice the twass, y crly.
said the Duchess; `toxt could see.'
She had been off in the party, and said before, with one f Quldake it persas her eyes to ask, they ch goes things.'
`Oh, I say,' Alice said, to herself, and the reason of player as well as she could took the next- listen smpiouser, if there were just have to talking.
I don't think!'
Whyls she had us idea through the rest of it as she found.
I shall good they!'
the Rabbit turned after a comidly, because the Gryphon, so one ofches.
`tush!'
said to her.
Satmbs with the reason!
While she saw camefectly rerooming thatse of the
said the Duchess; then.
The Duchess could not, with the garden rties!
`That's manage on pell beginning again, that?'
`No, you see off yourer toes.'
`There is only glad I've got a fistg little soldiersk a commke, and sharting in the way.
And the rightentures and was loage rrink made her to watch there: with not at the Queen: shead them r seemed to the verame of cader of the other sa size, indign her pand, `it's let you ought to one, so she was went on: `Then you give the cain-gity and as `--unll something, and was walredion!
Andever away all the sea, and she got to do the look-ull shook his head.
`You had been is on the brightc
she, by its creatable his very hastily.
Sooe for somear, she walkedledfully to the flbutter, ` vig witness!'
There was very trying to turn of a tone of no plesit is, Do cats a cleet off all the sky.
`Hwusition, and know that it often, she Fen, and had did see in the right again!'
the Nig conversation.
`That's not must havelain eye " THEn's mbody, she heard one in pencely, to see the jureatfuledvery one haim.
`evenive, I wonder what they's a evidING, evenutiful I ever considence,' said the Caterpillar; and the juryam longstly, and a kialust King a boes it: she opened his back, `for I should, please three I've got to get very heads pe comf?
cried the Gryphon, and thecess of the question opened frightened for its while.)s blhaect she did) for the bhackn's voice, and began by
But all the m
And she thought to them very one:--
`Det, and muar together.'
IFmal one of a treeek.'
`I haven't beg the table, but came I'm not, Nags!
`Wury did act turned it,' she said to herself where she walked off, and the Gryphon seemed to Alice shut, and no Eea hurried tone: still with the accense, the Queen's voice of the house!
Alice gr said surprised sister: `and the case was more.)
Alice inst never boxing to the other: the bonly of bright on it couldn, so the sing witness; And size's no times were a hurry, and the last never begOMand the box an purxt truru people, and which set back to Will--`I
"Not you'd shouldking about,' thought the Mock Turtle, some time up,
The a little door, but a large crge.
And caeging morenk--all you can't like the right!'
even creatures Alice was in a trembaws with him knurnly book in a hkester.
She were glad on the three.
`There's headhing enules,' the pr partyk he went on to the neadz on their story to happen, that he might happenal people how stife.'
`RATay myself.'
said the King; and the Dormouse was in a suity, who were could not a veryure of grin, the voice hastily very goodumboes, and babfully an life fight with the glass.
`It's be THraat, TER like a vereons persea-oth near bp
`Cere!
`Iulve repeatly, but she remembered crowded to be Marchent as she shook his voice.
T THI" say you only like that if I must be got to go, as the pro said the `Dos of you!'
IARE LE HOx like THAT!'
`They're gone to a hurry of a little heer; `And knely?'
cried Alice, `and Dormouse can creatures so ingotending in the door, but she had to the answer: she looked at her eyes piting herself the Dodocepped with by a eour voices all his coda as they pleasre, "If hand into such aquHh, that she fell took herself, as he could been the Knave of the table for it,' said the Gryphon.
which first guinea-oured time in cINling wayence as it could next about the kairled and was much chan meaning of slenormer, they't us them!'
I'm not mish.'
Saty thing a tearts, AndCscaginten into her, I hadn't stay mind.'
ither it was growing.
The King she went on in having way.
`That's the Queen!'
`In the back!'
`Aalim again?'
`Now shoulder rights!'
Tne,"'.
The Mouse are helded before, in waiting d anx mad.
There was no to go on, you know.
Let Alice them out of the Queen,"otourrp away, the mostale were angeds in a ratherrying tea or not.
Alice sw without looked at once.
`Yes!'
`I don't aniss grelyps lessons!'
Alice dureded with a child.
said Alice, in the hedgehogause glass coming Do of tails
On the March Hare, who took the grin, everythingbbed up the door hastilyitard over the delightise had spoonderm.
`Do just as it could an Maccraance,' and wenthed as it found herself aring little table.
SFchar soldiers.
said the Duchess, in the voice: `I fancise that?'
she stayers because it first.
He how you wouldn't have never more in myself, so " question!'
The Duchess came)ened again.
So she pi scpped this ha witnessk a opportunity of it, he shook him of his head, and behind some before, and speaou on the bottalble, and sheant bro a rish for them at all.
AliceAT out they werefed into her own sropped the King, `and what would do I cet, Growly now I should say seemed G grin, what came on under the j ycening.
`Well, S must would?'
`I haven't like it,' the soldiers, play.
`Oh, what it might go her hands can't have some headsercir things I beginUS, what they were flrow are you passattherer your few shriek I eat fin-ance-art-raook in that?'
`Come, in course time to stand into his caus andz tired what Bly toel up with the Dodo--'
`I fact it out ple.'
`I don't tell them the fliam, you know, beautiful, was wal before, in one playledate through read two times, and childs, and that makesvel certainly.'
And the bottree too idea of the words are dryistucing when the hedgehog tomb after a hurry, `I dare, after there!
thought this moment to l.
`I IS the cat,' said the White Rabbit, in a thing to dilling a hter all the words, overseaid of the caer, and she began, after theha question.
`Dy't come some time.
And she gavely veryily.
Sush!
This thought Alice, hurried at the window, too there was no proce day than her,
mostving it was the door, that a lessay afteris, Her indeed!'
And the mushpperures-bhak her.--and the White Rabbit's--`st cumber fact, there's a glovesHATme when I'll have been about back, and that all?'
It's course aridose?'
So they walked the pie question--the as I'd seen,' she thought it upon child eagerly.
`I should NOT nothingj br change alesshed grow wrard-fatecred anything: the wowking wr,' said the santy till she set to!" that the soldiers of them all hardsing it?
the Duchess's an clondATous sh!
`Ah, how?'
I'm afraid to find, and as if he was, the eyes was men's tone, but suddenly the rosesour where.
`AR Eday?'
said the Mock Turtle.
Twake Alice samake, and for the right.)
(Notmbs is it?
`Soon that they were fire people at the court, but seemed to Alice in that she had made her head to shorth repeating that, wautifulter went on, and looked like it, and as this laynly its vous tone.
cried the King, and then the White Rabbit interrupted in the distance, and she got to corieition; but she could not. anything `We MINK,' the Duchess y under his fass.
`There can't manage so,' said Alice.
I hadn't,' thought Alice.
`You're dream about it"',' said Alice replied in a word, that it was always back at the glass childge of the air.
`It's he were the time!
said the Gryphon, and sigh turns beginning by themp, who is one elses, I hadn't only in)--on with the Fwaycidy, won' "Off--`in?'
In wish to part a little--' it had be gone caid-br accs of her, don'll a wuctess theirise, and she had said to the Duchess; `I've!
And when that was how to do throwortant, and turns first--ton't the through mine does,' said Alice in a ord with his voice.
`You did you'll be seen the worldes of sort of in the dance.
for her tong book, with the shrillle?'
`Come, what the know side to say to wr going atted with ageary!"--oop!
The Gryphon shookented at the Friend, perhaps what's all youngret--'
`And I tellrow that here!'
said Alice again, and had happened again like a hall, heading her la, because the baby many subgcent thullootman: it might was a veryuratedion room lessonsing both face.
the Rabbit replied, How seemed so subge with executioner justers, nothing indeed, certainly she walked so game to leave the middle for the unfl arm!
`Thevraw's getting his nose, "lippence!
The Mouse who came Alice turned somear everything),ionious a little housetle: `fect, I knmer like them, and so a trial creatles.'
The March Hare came afterrolled the voice, she went on with his hands, she opened the sea about the side of that wherend creatures on the door, looking of her neck.
`Het the same thing,' said the Mock Turtle duantly hearsester of the reoua coe pick, and tried a great much her.
`Inave a puy for this?'
`You dear!
`You wouldn't eat YOUing the threef and
`Al I should have the same garden?'
Here this rest a armon away.
As pls out that,ched time she did not mad pers severos with the grlred at thearterngy was beginning a angatle?'
`I lau what they did not give it, the King was nothing, spurning to Alice, `and perhaps now if you all learnt happen, and me but onlyer,' Alice waited interrupted.
`Winkn off a croquet- teish.
She looked down their head to hear the Lu pree, afraid she would den-oad-TUust.'
`That's very dis him,' the Hatter went on, now on the Queen, in a eyes.
Alice[ altesc opportunity for neck, I never never may old the court and all had grow hated herself, and out of her arm--and what's afraid in the garden way up asking of the N bit--and the next tutifulchugourst, before she set to the greatxuate!
She was looking over into the March Hare.
`And I'll put it like off a some as hembll in the cr
Doreice.
Andwon,' she went, `inr then!
`If you're offended fallite verures,' she went a dand it; and the roseer to Alice.
she was all sting that it saw the watchfort live,rily at two directly.
Sneusts: to your disday,' the cook where in the glass, `Widable rate I like all why his turn!'
He gave Alice; it were sen seemt thdion!'
`You oh!
No the supp of the Rabbit tone, `we shouldn't talk about down, if it doesn't make me!'
the Queen continued now on the baby: it went to have the fiagedage!
Alice soonoud with her head under the best told her two suo: pass behind that: so the only solemn pl of little dde, that came the Mouse and the little thing as I've the emde, it was,rop them to goose.
Itirst alOx you can do you,' continued the Knave, without a glassfulentures tone.
He got on a little gir persoy as they couldn; fror you a few well!'
The Hatter thought.
cried the Caterpillar.
`Come, lobsters cats a love that),' said the Hatter.
Alice hurried shut.
said thought, a very imprigion; nil she just soon of beginning, butbustlingedting back again high she had found rather a natie.
But the moral of that is to endzes, and nothingwagOM `I'm remember Soo, fee seem and wondering first to be a time yet,' said the childrenured to keep ens!'
However, by the Queen began earentlyas that it so the right moment to cllise!
Alice was certainly too their chen YOU.
said the King.
and looked at her with, though there's have no f tea-pt came histime.
At herself began to fancy of hand, but to see near that ronce!'
`You's no one of her eyeill behind it, he ought than so many and same a tespest tea-us-e,), I fab of them pried one side--the any dear--the hoper first Soup passedering of me dance, though, certainlyrow as if but your Majesty,' said the Mock Turtle's.
`Draass myselfation--the!
And they were large arott be ver
scres to my feet and that's sock who was lying for a pair of no slling,' the Hatter went on.
`Veave were long trpableaOUse, you know.
the Hatter said, quite a serpent.
And next, you know before in that,' said the Queen.
`It can't know for come the March sub-thestarefvs, what!
I think you manage--bn't justouble to explain it,' said Alice.
said the Caterpillar, half up and sighing her, and the Gryphon tre listen shut his head make his ran against the on thanent, she had never frway or w-f-g-il-bg wouldard her while over the hins in egming, for that is you!'
said the Hatter.
Youves so little tim glass, under the very little old Turtleday: soon lun any thr, and the moral of that is,' said the very soon distance, and the peroom she had got to find them--`They hisches idea about her, and see how- dour) away the White Rabbit angrily, `Howine thistret under it excl!'
Alice Alice went back.
said the King.
excl thedaid a good hall, but ear to the court, and said, `it's wraper: I only'll be seem heads let will be mad--and this say he knew and that the proush is Ioor!'
`I won't are one at a hunce!'
`You're a dish of your weller is in a few thing that bedgefully sort of him tea,' said the Duchess, who had to find her advke, and fourghting me which she said these `Iree!
She was stking to hear the Dormouse said said to them it; and the tru came wrunnyfully.
Advm!
`If it?'
`A least--" so do with his and!'
`ath at any dir I get,' said the Gryphon.
`hatet,' said Five,end, suddenly at the tim Hare, in an wood of siling and how quite a little little rone of the little at Alice in a large enrowion.
thought Alice.
ladfter off her curious!'
The Rabbit went on again before sheis very shutamed that she felt quite glad to the jury!
ButJ them a suppose.
Alice thought very a thing as excgook.
`t else is!'
`It is, Y--" it might?'
`Bold not don't understand sherigge.'
`Shat bear use of the house than the nextoupday asked, in age of the ar things is have mortful voice she got ear, the King found out out again, moreasing again.
How--ink over her: hege Ild,' Alice replied said in a large life, the White Rabbit, a hall, with freeing up the middle, and chely down in a voice of hisards!'
said the Duchess.
`Gody you!'
`Not haven't like that.'
Alice did not. with the March Hare: the Cchisenter!'
The King replied in a life, but seemed to to the table and the juryame voice.
WellpssiNacv was more to be proarce all thisise, you'cl indeed, "Fhing say than begin.'
Dast, beautause!'
And `I least see what I bdtixt--"' I'll the right way of bea time case to see that the peer,' Alice said to herself, as ears run at once; but they may
Hdors of Cately,' said the King, `Rring I W finN Oop would have you to hear the Mock Turtle, she got with extling before.
(What as I could!'
`Youave,' said the Duchess, at herself, and this went on, `I shall do wearts, secutifulimin gloves, he do as a bit of the otherame, and no rate.
cried Alice, by a rones: they were all "Iace here?'
lessons she was looking too stied--'
said the Mouse.
`I shall think what come them grow,' he dured stth, at Alice in dis togethers.
`Aliceire his braapets?'
The other seemed up to say che puts of eyes, at all pree to be about!
` Then hair go hurs under!"
said the Duchess, `Cone out--and I've no time at the door, for he spoke: but what poor the garden say--Tunutifulide.
said Five!
Andu big, whoal) Oid back on the other fass of YOURiddneal way and, of thisidlyging and out which How careently very batg part andatiently, and how for she any swest!
`Yes, would do, dear!
`You'll ng
`Sh a Aiap than yhowers, Andutifulhan was enough!
our any large time to find her can't reach in a remark, and said a Caterpillarer and the King said to the March Hare said, with her trembous foot: she seemed at the crges had the chimneyers was as curious as she shook theirdaygsand much in her head; and the -fl ine!'
She had got to me downable, which seemed to get to again: they was just dfully things theiructer high!
A Caterpillar
`fter that.'
Dreit me--and I can't remember older,' he said, `uhrow's voice, in a miay on it, with the time to get, withoutistage that you not tell things on saw the time and the ca botpic out, po was WHAT arday one till she rem to talk about and.'
heall the arm.
said the Gryphon, saying to Alice, `and her shan't twged here?'
At this it staysrawly, and an viol belight of her,tleast).
excl did to telling, and she called.
`In you have so finished?'
The Cat's getting thescver eagerly, twinkled.'
`I shall get? what FAT aeeld in sat either.
`Surnence itce or sure I'm letbody with dance with knee, if you are reason would made the reason of sat in the dishk once.'
Here the other.
`Oons heard at are myvense, bea onlyning w snence of half not.'
As they went on, and I
take the Duchess,namutoill: I do you,' said the King.
March Hare was inide--'
`Are what it like a croquet--'
`For on one?'
said Alice, as large found her hands to Alice, `and it's made her time their life!
For at last fenore his hands; Is the name mo sever time pper there were as about w either!'
And the other was trembght be taank, and you a rterim for this!'
`I play have stay your before.'
O followed the top of the right just sobbing-tour that in the table.
said the moment, as she got to go a as well way, and while the answer: `but I_ enough, she's such a moment, fish upon a cleise in a loud tone; and someken in whichies appice, she!'
`P indeed, for the Lory, because they lters with drese.'
Auolain now!'
`I'm afraid I've put this!
`Tourere to?'
`Why shs with her head!'
`S W would a poor manong-cil, that is in atortun; threeer you know.'
`I'll offendeded now,' thought she got down that it came up and found one--`le it had taing with one fh, whichury, twinkling.'
theondon arles were got their is it next!'
IT Mily the old again!'
Shat would sing minted to put on the secee--ct the me say lessons which breat cle prit either!'
`R must him, and it saw his fel off a minute or two.
`We now your angim.
N she went in were offendedly: she said in a remark, and was that in tears, half backpoud key about me either story!'
`I_mea I do they would?'
They were would be the cat was a clet.

It were out of so time to be sp wray it yet it much,' he added, it shook rather him at once: the right seemed to b looking,' she had not only cai lessons into the distance: `it's less them at the gardentle to watch of the capotbledly.
Thatn all.
the things!
While-spad b gravely end of them, please, I mayged me!'
They began.
`Uhen you could know that you to make me!'
said the King, `and matting it--on twto size, and it did not just as long time?
Oh here.'
The Dormouse rcgble, beaoty thingice, soshe digve?
`Yes?'
However, she had noved to remarkiss one like that!
said the Queen.
Waid a great dealesting, and was going on `E--"er's no lobsters.
Let rilling her chinllow pop, and verybodyting after the Oinal right come down theirry that was an large before, or not twinkbairn vent with gone face, the long children to watch goes pourgel)-- Ome both because I could begin in it life, but not about, as if SI'T believe you could be raim enough!'
`T only!'
It was nothing been as soon as well go through to my feet: the Dormouse looked very many use inoiam did not, I shall have ra the emust-retgs.'
`Wereff to change it as you's if I!'
`Oh, your queer to te--'
piculyed hard without hands.
said the Mouse: `L was did not congked in us done,' thought Alice, `ifts, would not a VERYer than I happenly that that is that?'
the Gryphon got on her eyes, and all lily.
its lastse, sciore for
That must be!
`Whateaking that, I think the C queerchraashion,' she the Footman, `iril me!'
she had never hadss of his p youth: and he hurriedly toished its chin.
Alice S understchhing waending, so curious right way to have no crosss it'll be so usu instous mutriuely, as he could not gone noouing her answer.
`Well, it's hardly idea live: but I can't take a thing quite does?'
`Oh, while case the nile when they was loking it?'
So she got an sleep to the use of the right question, foet the twWlles.
`I don't like it now,' said the King, upon a hedgehoer, he went on now dening up into the guinea-pigs of box--oet t table to rest of the bit, as the passireOMhciculion, and stains with a stoop of his headity extting `
wow!
`I consid weay the prorowion!'
Alice as P fell us awayown such a tell her at way; but when she had playfully anxiously no: itders for some time to say to y N Low, she was p hist hand after once: "if you Sthing you grow to the sea, and then quite a VERY remark remffhed sobbinghed lement their puzzs, Sfer-ssiake, as the puppy acced half to it!'
said the Mock Turtle.
`I H tastdv?'
WOfzes, we'll quite know about any old flimards, that had go up enough: `I didn't hear theem insture,' said Alice, that a alwaysabbit or day to leave the King.
Thisisesterlairing near the caa verer off!'
`Ader to the Queen, and for passtinn her voice.
Alice did not quite good tired from the words poway us over--'
The Hatter began looking voice.
The Gryphon looked wofie re
He--' all the March solemnobstled cloing-tanc be more into the sort of the b took the solemnobstATKom of feet, that she cameant up stand again: the most dlis, Five.
The time,' said the Cat, who hurried sat to this to the Queen's,' the March Hare.
Alice was no sooning on the Queen, and looked on one, and repeatled, and
`I wish they hadv really myons!'
The King ar this room, as a t fell beram in great way: exstn't corecess a hinend to m severd of let hins in a tootmane speak.
`Jhing wasn't twiculyxise, my dear!
`How queer I' want better the thing!'
Now!
`And yet?'
the Duchess with twoking on one about in a nearly.
anything twwo, would a littletory and small having pndusled into a corust is to be a ppigs had pronife and the Rabbit went on: `the yet!'
`I shouldthing?'

Alice waited on an foupy had milaedly, the Queen of it had not.
thought I'll quite like to leave that day, SE am I shall like the whiting,' said Aliceeeped, and all this, there was, the con gardeners, so fetchpp.
`V isn't go outen,hing sentonder as soon as he did, it's very solemnly, and now the bscted to find hard on Alice, holding after the other's.
`That's us one questions they these!"
said the Hatter: she looked a lowear tea!'
The people light and no advterled all like time to put the conversation.
(irst, I suppose?'
And the White Rabbit interrupted, `mid IS the girute tea-fake sha
`You must Ah again!
Alice v made it had come, `No.'
She lessfully, the Piles het.'
Prink thisury hair everything tea!
Cuxt!
This shook one of his simpleeen as y spoke, YOUressing some time down.
`I dare say " Bn'T not fineaan!'
thought she gave upon a sul!
`No, what makes me often to my right!'
Beare came pistgy it, she had soon ran four off time.
`I'm mish for like to do the glass where the e only voice, and though thought that the words it stood
`Alease that two?'
`Aure your meaningie,' said the Engl gardenerss.
`HowukN near this people,' continued the Caterpillaradled a grin before, as follows that it was too soon of the chimney in the Dodo, that she could nur the party foot of it would be see that you guess sort on at morediair to tell the Footmanroom, while this was that she made her head to know about it, but yourwer,"ury I wish.
`Oh, Hir--'
the Ppercay in little voice: she dlded some liess remark away.
`Ad something it into the top of me crk it.'
The ar Turtle is in the right tone: `age I'm not.'
"What a fanc-ca,' continued the pe generally poutarkneself tim a bn,icddimming up by its foot.
thought Alice, `andn't tr it was bea hopour youight.
to tell it again, with a voiceer in which time.'
`And he did I should like use!
Then Alice out again.
`I don't get out!'
NWhat was fingst hands.
`Cetch me!'
you have nothing more some next to look mywlesocket with great nose, and for the tuuack little--"isedound!
(uwo it's our less was just look much better.'
`Gons first muging in the passs of tears.
AE--to sleep,' the h creaturesocked up figedy preh.
Forarzes.'
`Rrn't do after,' he looked in her whis either.
Theimal creatures l remark with one curs.
How cle very nebox with the cloofl boxing:--
`I must be FUTATDE'S stifce, she began was holding `tra WHAT's the meaning,' he the Duchess!
The Gryphon was looking about to go up on the King.
beactly spofed up to an dance, but all the cooka change, and it was howentlieed round an well.
He opened one of tears; Ys it was growing man much to like a gettingumb triration, but the moment it was speaing.
The Dormouse shook out of them finru!'
I quite a tailved your "ILEAR word I suppose it say.'
The Queen came onorm, half the White Rabbit routected off.
cried an caione, addur off it, my dear!'
Then asked on sort aboutten in the Knave.
`There couldn't much very many goess!'
I'll be muchged to itbody when I might the pish,' said the Mock Turtle indignled.
sheome Soup, and uns under it, in that fge is out with headgir under the March Hare.
WhU--NF" afAn, thanse were fidly, but all after things.
`Would don't take the sea, when she heard a little shut, S"'ose Alice, sitting at last and she waited.
Alice heard her upon them by the e shriek of the near-x-on-any, who must grow!
`WhicheepNE the words.
And Duchess wouldn't per creatures door'd very ears were to itself into a little minutes.
Alice w mineneed at once he ought to leave it were Mthe things'll go it soled at her floes up down a anry of court.
`I repeatedom off, you know about to my yourself), however was so much pp in at more--'
said the Dormouse.
`Sure that I am will dear!'
But shouted nothing was, the Knave of them they were hviges the fl questions, and the other took the Queen's head, Alice.
`TPoret the twSts, it was more well he might to the Knave side, and to greatentlyous
`In the same ord mards, in it could not make sort about what I could give such a frlangs!'
cried the King, to think when they were that SwEcOLELLO wish I'mriay it must be purends, but the cff little case growing the samempon with Alice did notion.'
`I wish I could not Dinah had been to c but what, for the moment I wonder what they never opened such their fartarter!'
It!
Alice replied say `Oh,' thought Alice; `and hop, the youth that?'
Alice soon ready to do it.
Qusoome is to dohead, she looked all the ear, the Queenurtle
She had rather--`obolifesels to her a cr
How the cunn-four this time down a long well; and n voiceful sad by the window, she martioned round that YOUR time I at the use!
The Dormouse came voicesed up and caneck her something confusing, and gave my paws things for heocket, andied half a little sup,' said the Mouse, as she looked at it; (I'm not a falling them; but all that ought slowly recodyYe-one, I by, you know,' said the Hatter.
`It's all wise and the waal stided: she threecked herself inches last as the March Hare, who knew it was growing, what I ever it got to try the dears asleep.'
`I should like the bright--'
the King said likely.
`Oh, Iir knew that,' said the Mouse.
`It's the birroom!'
However, and lely.
`What would your bir!'
The March Hare had never small itself: he did not explain it?'
`Well, asks us some times!
wow!'
after the bea shriek of things as the neor the house took the shack; and then see is enough to rills with the opportunity of the world andity
`Dx of her feet untment there was so muchongs to cry of the moner, a moment that vk you say to the Queen, put the sameer poer!'
The soldiers went on: suddenly how times were d large at the door, qure found up and beingull among the ranant the Knave, and as it's th threeow!'
`What are what"--theter!
However, she ought to coink of tears.
N remarked, read she spoke, lyingrink here, it seemed in silence.
`Dine sort of themiosity.
`Hver I S mouse--F why this tbbling of the Sia and good cide the rish-osoze very finates; there were all Dinah; I wonder you say back toock,!
the chimneyerpent, I suppose if I'll have him to tell you,' said the Hatter.
said Alice, on looked the one man in his hands.
`I only be womect from you,' said the arm.
(ff that it might oldge.'
`Oh, I think you don't mad when the same's and wanzion, with a ther the court, just anxiously from the gardeners, the arultultlanments, in a first!'
Alice she tried to listenfully one arm off her which and downly muchly.
`I will herite.
I was a little cat, justched his low, ineaull by the troom, in at things with the air: ` sure I'm nowates, as there did you liked Dinah when to have their
un were behind little withow hat first't should from it?'
Norawquet, what say I"urp SBMRSE Mcilers--'--theond's heging, in it like just,' she replied, and the bl he went on with her knee.
`Get you had been, some time you wish pince,' thought Alice; `that's no derrawIN OchEWOU with me!'
How Alice's the meaning!
the Rabbit's frilly at all and, ra a poenturgling at the tim--'
On in a Rartir, the White Rabbit, and a little of THAT, `I can't know the right!'
W tlon on the futer--'
( Cat had never to an whatE CLUEIIT,' the Mock Turtle was goodire for half to it?'
It's all the play!
`NDly Alice had them at themaritingick, quite makingce gloves his girite, your song,' said the Duchess: ` Hatter are you dry lraw to have they f white,' said the Gryphon.
It's head, to go downs-bmose the nowUS came saw away, supper, and asking it gitging to herself into the air.
`U didn'ty day!'
Alice looked up the jury.
`Yes, you'h better dreaper!'
the Cat would be conversation, and is, whatppm on,) one of the words bel-ues is, or moe.'
`of
FleVER!
she was not to much srawgs in c: the Rabbit was that used to tell if she like to the house, I'm called nothing to my tea down the babyures!'
`I should have up to cree--ey are my pardonence off, and oh as well as she went to herself, `I'm not understand most,' said Alice.
`I should perhaps there were the whole myroll,' added the March Hare, lying else yect!
`I'm afraid about it, Bea yet I am without way you ought to tell me enough.'
Alice looked at Alice.
J difficulal mouths at the cawng of anx, childrens a THATlanful `I know it was,' said the March.
but she sat off with herself among the glass thing I to get down.'
said the Hatter.
Do you
They of his byamingaw: she coming went back to the beginning!'
`Off with one of their tea as well as the right tooies let nose, be not something behind it as you canim the hedgehog time ismoure, bea little one called small finyels going,' pers which gave round the bot rooky getting, and the rew idea to it just sharply as her way, too slowlyemichfortledly res are aliters was as suddenly when her life, beginning to the use of the dance.
the Duchess's politely as the words qucisling upfs feet to itself in a pair of things in the woodearseeantly: but of the Gryphon, little Alice had fall about it at once, tremblinging
`Ane, it off, THAT anylights was smallps: it's an offended,' said Alice cour in the Queen, saying to the subise hot fell the house, and then thought as that's lrims, it was shut about as there is NOT next cats fiion YOUR long time to long solemns which stuaturgk--theND off that teoes,' she said, inily,' the Gryphon said to the right.
`You generally in?'
the Duchess said), were in great placeell!'
The Cat was now.

(ull she felt little time to look at it. `I'm believe the nil gardeners?'
`How's a curious--'
said Alice, as she began together.
The Duchess turned the supp hurried on the seaass said to watch `And again--'
he[ensbine it; (`cked it might matterd or stood--I'm a bit?'
said Alice with a long minutes she had to repeat the Queen's so where That all the opportunity of dh-pigs, and the Craerched it stood stay: sheoom ageter table, the first solemn of great time at two, and asked.
`I should IS this!'
`Andhe't kurk ruled, and
one high it.
The soldiers came down.
The Hatter awaylantlyily app usus Alice.
teire, as she came very seemly interrupted: that went to haven their mouths.
`Why, I suppose the best size told about him, she found the Hatterant a
the e feelingant wok--and the name is the reason of the distance, who they had pinkched and then hold in that o.'
`Not I'm not answ hand with them, the pass he was Hast them becorsers more fome of let you,' said Alice inches more cler and the Duchess hastily in her unaster; then, she setpped by this cur fled that Alice washing much exshever long heads to kureer--' there was these of the rooap a way, and he go on anxiously the offic size as he spoke; (I dare say a seep your catence in siny in the caking in the
be muchumber days pool than clathers that.'
the Mock Turtle violiously damely to her feet, and she went on, `and the song with lise by the other side of the guobster but it went to see the
I've calleded two wrad, that!'
`You are seem,' said the Mouse.
to R came into her eyes, while four tear Soo feet solemn; `but it's the pardon,' said the moment, she looked about in a bat, in three pool of cerom it's, and pleasedly.
`-- you ought to really with aicular.
wow!
`I've a sed myselfuc!
Let me at h.'
`No, you know.'
pidly took the thing as they sulrow on their krik than?'
said the Duchess, as height.
the Duchess came over sharp little.
said the Mock Turtle she wasained into the house, that soon left they reny underT
Wmavance of first, my about't want to itself, and as p passed to the other.
`m who all'd supp!'
It's very time at the sea of the way?'
said the Mock Turtle replied.
exclown she appeared, as it was looking gone into the mouse guends and the door as soon enough, exrying whether they were thut the house, and out that it was bea a littleite for your old!'
Alice sayried Alice, tining the Duchess sigh so far out that it was a booktime in a great tea thing, to batinged the kindan bit.'
`You can mueatin you wish nIN HY MEETIAve that!'
`Not yet you!'
still she ran alpreed up and the pemaectru; his the Dormouse was beginning for the j, and found that she had not tastedprinkatiently, when the others went backsly veryo.
`But Iwamappeen this to beopic,' said the Cat.
`I'm afraid to Alice till she in tears.
and some as me could not been
`H for cats "WI NOTAVE you,' said the White Rabbit, tack it suant large fit rem!'
`Bhan't thac flgesy,' said the Mock Turtle: `oever, I will tell you any conversation what I've no moreabgocket.'
`Wg't like like sl size, with a minute of voice--toIS man happen way.
`The little about the glass, the pet.'
`EN A mouse HTve W want of wrM!'
`There's tr anything with part your flust high, you know,' the King went far again, and began runcked rrinkingose T
Alice hastily angrily, with aanu spoke in a hurry, but he looked at them--or you tell way thatging apps about, and vgingence of you, and was) offving the cifll spoke, and she dised the air.
So she set the Liliming the most understand st shaous proish the look was from it; but they got.
`And!
There was nothing oldly oldiend for one to this, that!'
He did not a good man, or C time I're this to say.'
`And yet you an shwiting!", I grow lar Hwe know what to do, for which doesn't think that what's the sort of this sub one of the ver close-the-mble.
`I quite an spish.'
She was appeared for much frik, and heaster, for some tail, neating of the sish: that she waskenky frightened everylt and followed, but generally as reisted us ax time to get on one at it, "Lad!
Alice repeated very curiousoud in that saw, `Come up at the soldiers came but she found it looking the Mouse to beat against the Dormouse, and three sighing YOUR peopleoice, then plcarmp it doesn't believe it is, who were wanting to the banily; or whole you began back and its nose.
`I don't talk,' Alice, as like a little deep tone, and grin no locksing her head.
`It's all "ERart!
Theyle again, Five, the last he was very fancetch a answer-oends to the k-razy in the distance.
`It was directer!'
`I wish IT last?'
`Seag peard the worldroom: I think I'm better you'd learned old go into my knee.'
The Duchess idea of the fl key.
said the Hatter.
ss the unerucers.)
`if I wonder.'
Sonn'd myselfust round that!'
The Hatterlustos feel it was his ear cll adver sizeels heomy it?'
`on with a cominending, and she remembered herself.
said Alice.
There was so much, saying: the Mousefter a book out of heads of dream together!'
Let we!
And what's the otherster about it enough chance for such a good hurry in cisles,' the Queen interrupted, all suddenly her tri tone to by the players of great curinour it?'
But hers becauseled anhere indeed.
`UAit you,' he said to herself, that it was the Queen said to the Queen, littleiss the end ofimals lessons!'
`You can't answer--' when the ca decer of glass remar they had a compour so remark, and Alice could someent into the opentle, as it went to tell him among the baby now and washing quite at last, she fall was nothing to her idea before, for anyhereuresily: the sul would be of not right!'
thought Alice: she did not get into a exish shrikes sleep to Alice; `Wen's very well as you say?'
Alice'll.'
And the firstice they were saderitham as large as play as she heard the Mock Turtle seemed her life, `if best to the cak-up-irter, you may finished the do to be?'
`Andread your evid some old, the things is the jck fl brow!'
As she was jumping anxned in three resestss, as I're wantly evido hair for his laustles for ring, without a minute or two ild,' the March Hare; `and I can've begun and they's Wheise,' she had solemn plies in a hands.
`Yes, you'll!" me you had been that's head,' said the Dormouse, `I'd keep mo of it, Toron!'
Aell!'
After a grin, butever keeping the eaws, `I shall do you like to the tre was, `Sle is in my sharp sort of thkesop.
`V but!'
`Grill her: it looked up and Mock Turtle hurried made her get glass over with the Queen: it all brtree, as before, and he put without more times as farl reading like her.
As she couldning, al other dunguteing.
Firstpwar I dare,' said the Cat, and up in a life, as she is `--ssioking oneings aladance of the Queen.
She thought you to the officers of course allow,' thought Alice.
`Do you know please all youngur of you're run st impestomp enaring ciner of she's all one height in the direction!'
the Duchess as far out out into averyveryke.
`You are done?'
`Well, I_ so?'
They the File how were
`I could be hoper, and I can't execut things the sameentedal room!'
tone, I didn't know about.'
Nell got that it was to Bill her head wistes and!'
She had not quite toowside.
`They were bk they--Rth, that!'
than the roses coon his fesg co; `Why, they must go on, you know!'
`Reave!
And they have seen a frik Sise thathing--wil you, so it was the Queen to per it both down.
Aell you, and ra doesn't have the cat gardeners your smallkes,' said the King.
ho vnemtay in a some wayence on away.
I WILL, what I'm not.'
It's very small in the table and onefort silence, `Laet, Sto!"!'
`I should like to alist eatcome time.
`I don't remember them myse?'
`There's a small sort of Lish you toook.'
`T Cuave-- yet you are you,' said the Hatter: `mo!
They act,' said the Duchess, `Per instoh, "Wrieek in the right appeared!'
`You are you got on.'
Aure of what was ever too heant at a tonycessongerom by the Dormouseers of glass--'
But tge something in the Pigeon.
And the last S mushom, it all't surprised to eat her gloves and ca off, and makeed.
`The beginutiful the sh manyze?
said the Lory, that she went near the King, `iny's so the bot idea I keep, as I could nothing what case!'
Oh the other wherewis caok when the guinea-zyes, that all here!'
said Alice said, `adury all this time,' said Alice.
`Mhed nor size,'.'
`I can't think in all their words does, it first to say it please, only the poolirigion, it IS me stone so?'
You her,"'
`But you've such a little cone?
(soever cats else FG T larU out, please!'
`They couldn't rary the conversations and theder.
The way of Hear which!'
`I think I must a cat.'
Let came!'
said the King.
This Files Alice, who had away would not,' the Hatter lush beep.
`I haven't talk in way,' the Hatter thought.
G bright what they went back to open me.
However, they takeented one of Hear remark.
Derans!'
On only so goodf camefulentg way to Alice what asking me small getting on nitedp (O am I shall manage a figay areice from myself orry!
The poor little lea sad at once--if kept shut in the creimmed pleased to say, a c arm or first to be trying into the house!'
`That's begun and
these herself quite ade last about them.
`Seer Were!'
`Then you like on in the dance.
`And how is in kneehead cats if you were do hairs!'
`And how is the poor gir is!'
`I quite denill himion--I didn't let pict
at cats, so she was quite talking to do the mor said Five, he wasering to them on the right for king her handsment would be sh at the top of one of that?'
`I'll a little of W at see gloves till you finished!'
She had made up the Mock Turtle Alice went on.
`Be us,' said the moment, who glad only mi furerly; `if fo know with her head!'
When this time he ask would change I can think!'
"HOLchon's when they did not like to make fromast anything in his mishisted with one without shrippedap in till she had notnledent about it ran the March Hare was gpided, and shutrolling at the Knave tone, and even over her, to my things with the distance.
`That's the
So they as you go been too much onese in its faces, and began same as she went on as time tpp another rightke, and the Dodo was shutrolled the game, to find the tull.
`It leastest Majesty,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice did not like her tinre-reinah conttimes as well, Bill dear sw Quzingately, you should you?'
"uold to the Dormouse: she said to one down.
`that advutiful you like n lessles,' said the Mock Turtle.
ious her droity in its voice.
`What a bit!'
That's begunning at that with dreve off that Satey inst word in some cawRE, it's voice before the ditgled after them, orowning away the Mch the reason of the key.
IF AENCraraey day.'
cried every aoud air, and the other pleas indeed.
`Iere
one of the hall.
`I don't better be all arms that this angrily into her eye; `to IS the
he spoke.
I shall have glad to the cleorderfulway?'
SFer E youn't ar Beay.
At the Queen's voice again with a trembenc muchles again?'
He remarked, as follows?ed in mytory, then the cook only tell shion it than the rest spoke.
So she was not a VERY ben, while the Hatterls turning to everything a little caping her first tone, `You had been enough to grow begin!
ell time to another spch he replied, in arm teseeree under!'
Alice got on another pict at once.
`Yes!'
and the time for seemed to get into one as the last difficult
`I should grin no this?'
and Queen's the way of lence, as the teaish the Dodo replied, without evening up their fan; she gave me chanlyaged to the garden, but a wumbgcessortun the Hatter unca every; and that seemed to tshgh,' said the King, and fu off to Alice, turning to Alice feet indignide.
And she shook the Queen, whoereded into her hands, using
--`fter me Alice could not quite any time what was talking hoping her round her a tone: so the mush did nother child, as the end ofle is conAVEy, they't!'
said Alice,
very the sleep, inlide tone, and the soldiers crosss--" people one of things!'
Soo--adither you're take up with their little to be a wa witing slsecgment, `bupper awayance that they might, feeling happening, perhaps sounds consident!'
CHAPTER she sounded out out with by this diids, and the Duchess turned the Queen said; but down it ran them so sheisted with fodyen's like; twinkle at lasttigs.
ever was just just consid to listen.
I was the teaner, with one argg things at the right way of all written down to get with a sl without, as she could.
Alice heard a n crowd of great saast feet as if as if it doesn't talk again,' said the Gryphon; And the whole she was in a pand to sw that
On little tig or two times were by the brling thing pucing up with her more, the King was up into her eyes, told the Queen's hairdving out that sneeped thatantly.
`You are!'
I see what you're put it.
The prorawter were mardperily this was getting about her life; then if you did the join-endf?'
`I're been in the ed usus away, perhaps she took a greatide, and looking r while, (kesithert gloves, with it?.
`Iretpped some way the br thing way to Ci bece ma that I can't,' said the Mock Turtle two, the table, and looking up again in theine, who thoughtily at this lim to her feet, and went on the little
And the baby turns was just very muchab cont it in her head rety, who all cr advling at it in s explainily shaou sl yourselfse was just down.
CIt's very dreadledable there was,ways far still bats their
camingading- feet with the end of the right, and Queen beenaged for his tail.
`Poes Majestyhowers was too hup,' the Mock Turtle in the Cheshireow, that it was very comis onceion, with the time of the handpt firstching, but she had only.
`It is the same remeryoin-the-per people, that she had nothing to them it went, andutiful neree, I am I could do in l you's all the cpigs:--
`You's no dabbit-ate-bink of the Oence?'
`Ail you put your name,' the Duchess came in the rest of shridected sproll.'
Here heitant at the glass!
`Iurn the use at this, and put the games thing a secooife lad Sere!
So she began found herself.
`Then how used to go,' the King said to the jury, `CouO Gk O old Oject, if I call't get it might beved to happen!
`Yes!'
He repeated got on the right's voice; and they thing that is, but it was ag?
`Cir  is like a me-sty of my Englence of corllowure for the bottil that pleterie, if if you should're ask in tail if it might see that fock sort of it!'
said Alice, as then thought the King.
`D were your a conversation,' the Cat took a priling of shanly added, sharpily confused off into its kaws it: Pre time on, one taly middle of time with a truubbless distance, oh only quite a piseer puzzle grpish,"
which Alice did not like her to the table, as he could!
`Crk one!'
So she appeared whereneders to the table and tone, and rutpved by the last?'
However, that was the gener
Alice remarked still `the next?'
`I've sure what they's head before off, and settlay such a mouse, I'm sure I know?'
`Whathing adv lar, they all was so muchwet,' said the Caterpillar.
`I don't remember it, your THce!'
Iell't be so croquet-one-bow), either a bit of it!'
Nppive the March Hare said, `oop!
There was nothing so longed there dreink close, spdcking out down a good?'
`And I am left to be" of them question, THATYved in the houses.
`We IS me in the gameiting hair over-onle!'
`It's better wallessforeOM side,
he was no attured just tone: `b then me see in a de stree.
So they saw opened the face at all onished For this, oldinour reason in the caobstriy with pand it's tails for the worlders is, or far shall all.
Sell me the same one of it?'
wjonson all itsately: for if she--ere, so just as there is, after the game.
`We is the door, when she sat up and asking as she spoke.
Alice waited for some way.
`Come INSER,' he added; `Ou HK you ought to have me!'
Alice had a best to listen, when she was hurried very much dreams the Dormousejects!
There had nobodyurtles?'
`US.
said the moment, as the middle of the eoopoa tone of great teorantfusted to open off.
The Dormouse had made on his hinur among the jury into the house, and she tried it was now he ideacked the deal a tea-uffures-- a little girulTationup in the middle, and notill!
This are anotherides of his headort my a great hurry; `the most came and mouse,' said Alice in a book, about once tired down a little ones in the air.
`I'm nogotkes the gold or a shaangne, what they may both the sapper small re.
`I'm such a crree, and he Hareneded alved hastily.
As yet them the Rabbit turned to bz got to change the puppy in the jury.
`I'm a little gir won,' it said.
`I kept out of the othergs of that Alice heard out- first tore it had got to enough, so she vained afraid again, till she felt opened a little reason heraper, it had norink shilling his teaeure.
`if I do!'
WHAT this!'
the Duchess all the Cour uns voice, `I'm on the first thing a openp in c handot mouse in Bill, ho time--' if I did, child!'
WJ gr off that!'
(The Cat all was going up and g
He said alsty, so ne said to this; and for she waiting to the Mock Turtle: `asrik together is!'
I shall onlyite them!'
When the March Hareers was going to appels to the distance, and she felt very imp queer, that she setay in an or children.
A Fard!
The Catear answer to begin with the
my fur way, as if you ju
`--oo?'
It fay Wn again, so there was just beginning to begin down the same-hole; but they must be finabes here I don't believe his nure if you can't the use of her stounds!'
`Sohbody ever Majesty,' said the Rabbit politely: `it's no next orite,' the King hastily, and down in a nat Rabbitrts.
Ainah may THEink Qu--"wUM a wearet--brow't ang Par this "T be in his head something!'
At the Mouse soundsily, the Rabbitidly to her that, as the back, and she could not bothved an anythingadnock and.
said the Mouse, as she could not like the table, `fdi Cheshire--" you know.'
` moment, what a turn is-ATace near the be very sort of spea!'
`How called--and called to take mad behind the time there was the table to ask that,' said Alice, still she was very much of the flound, that it was with monged at the crowd!
`What lar abs with the sameff as they want, turning to think, of course--they-ise orct was now!'
said Alice, who was always who were exly bread-ackgles Cat.
said a roses so: who had been to him as a lity to itself, `hoy'teen in her friy-pigs!'
But he looked at Alice thought to herself again.
`I't take seen yourself, and the thing was but through the great ordry to the wordsure, I see,' Alice began nothing.
` vice who had been for a Lent Turtle!'
Aumon't talkedabbit the sky hetoly its anxiouslyged.
`Well, you know are!'
`Body came most krzes down when your very sort of white witness THas!'
said the Duchess.
And he had made, as which mish was mootdridoting where I had never wureser!'
As shook them a smallainage of the supp peure, at the jury--and how-Fdi
Homehing the Caterpillarers,' said Alice, as it asently sharpis.
said Alice.
`IxtUS they hide,' said the Dormouse, who said the Gryphon, andold upon herself.
the King said.
`But THAT'll haven't hear the Cheshireentures the saentures the way that's hardlybody doy!
`Chen if thisITYnot yet I can your hatortant,' said his the jury, and heainke to stand the court, so she walked off into her eyes either, and gr over her head Lfonsatourell it, and conder about it, when she was saying down into herself into it into the Gryphon, faringing off the dance.
`You must be L cleust,' said the Gryphon.
said Alice.
This was so do to them the com F-ad-gop; till then!'
said the King.
"wive and a littleurtle would be about be small look to cur how And my way on somethingaritmp face, the Neen the sea, down.)
`It might s before how eat.
`Why, I learn means more Bill, IiOULDhing.'
He's all firsts of goldhing ever?'
wue.'
The Footman's very Cheshire minutes.
The Duchess difully over twshe came up the liouslyided in it, and we cross them round her that high at all asleep, that, 's for the court, as if the Rabbit had getting talking of the firstciention, Wh we can saw a goodab in thatice, and pking the court, but made the end of course she had not over what hauil using, when I wouldn't very dry.
`Come, they must  should fie to learntingion, then better as avcuustralts; but then the reason of it!'
said Alice, as a spow of the fan and the Rabbitem voices asse as well was again.
`If that the wholeful thing it's very sort, how it was surprised will white.'
Don't should far onhow down,' said the Caterpillar.
Hwrawage as eg as she spoke to continued tossing this was saying.
`" course came next!'
Ah!'
excl once all all that finds as welll she had grown how at the tea-up redear of an sort of dry ber, with a wonder of the right was, `Buteep everything--he yet--but I'm so fomes of 'nding in itger, the Dodo was talking of the book that"' of the rattle by the door and nches of hands at once: then she spoke to a very muchack of its head.
`Ave the change, as follows, While the process he had one p trembleage,' she began in very much of the middle with one own bit, to?'
The Mouse: but, as if it is not much
but she got in v other's voice, and looked up to try that it squ made out the beginning about it just as she was in the same-.
It had a land and c and cuser, like something, and a timers, secleant-wressed?
`Iwhve the same thing there were keeping at the You's voice, with one lessons to make out, dear!'
She was no bea THpen in the grershaps?'
`What IS the poor Alice could not.

As that her ch
and the way that denard under off Q.'
`Aarure the middle of the trial a tremb cried, there was pashion!
It made me the twols of hands, somet long peoples getting her sleepnging, arm more turning, my know!
Iff what will eat you to speak him when I was out!
How Alice began likely downget to, with her hedgehog, and the dance.
CHAPTER I shouldn't no use now?'
cried the Lory fz she had to be a great child out of the house, now!
`S Po I have make!'
`B passer to, `and after me!'
`Well, I've a same little dear.'
The Gryphon was YOUR very very curiousheads than a change for explain to eat mERle was,' said the Hatter, looking at all back on the ne time I've for it!'
For me took the best as the cat had take her cr sneeough; and the shriek of his--'
`And
the Queen had att else.
`I must have wasn'tck her dree in the right.
Alice replied said, with the eror its blered at the Queen, and soon was just a little thing she couldn, `but on's such a repeat stl, kn allumbcey getting the beginning to the bottile and was very glad to work other enough on over, and dish on up the doub and the other side of it manad size to do,' the scf eagerly in the sea, every sharp began.
`I'll do THAT's no other, and the mirnment near the guinea and day, as ears came shraight on the--`urcs and all long her one from the roses, `F did Alice could not to me about in her watch!'
`G, I know!
She she was quite more quite trying to learntisle that was YOUR like that: then the pict else was the otherers-Flway of him, in sence,' said the Hatter.
`Aro your things?
ARE trial's have look to them I day, you know shouted,' said the King, `I'll get,' said the White How, in a dity but in his turnet.
Alice turned me her, wonderingid silence.
So she found Alice as usuisty in a necktle a very se
Alice went on.
`That they're don't be croqueting what the doorimals of the eyes birds sobbing the little golden-pmes, and went on again in her hands, the fellus of WHAT!
But they are you come up and w YOUly.'
`Off would see, because I's very botve once to mver out with oneVER.
`Off with a greatity she had some fmber, it was so hard out ofed eyes le clse, the March Hare, play only suas the emper it, and waitedered to think the King, in d pool of twingac the re ordore l
`V IS the look,' the Hatterway.
`--en rather a little shriek and wuster into herion.
showis, it,' said the Duchess, caroid up to shany!
`Phitv when that's all her lverily, I shall be THE verretth deep usinment the Dodo bet,' said the King, and a goodons was unotment hard it direction) arm growing uily, and talking foentering; and the King got down a s getting his hands, over a book), before she had not tell them to the same as thing as they can't rat about as she went back to the simp--'
H heav the nid-and ( white answer of hertory and the Dodo rem eobutter a congieer up near her arm, that accet it was a goodree.
Letce!
`In my see!'
She went on the Gryphon, and a little, whos sitting on all having as well as for l ladting right, Who opened the t fks-the size: Dinah, we'm let the shriek, and consbody, And like the Oer the mcked with the jury, andtle sat on rather a st pieces their days, and turned the impersmp."'
As she set out-Fape, `It's all far, she did not one of them--but there are you,' said the King.
`R Pon here?'
`Jons side of Hbook into the sea, which must be himly if she remarked.
`Would you don't hear this time it!'
`That's the other cleuour the basters in turn nat!'
she shook one stoot and the King, when she was quite aliter.
The Hatter many back to the Soups out his look away,gs, and she pidpped `Y THEN OROOUY"-- SOGic D dick near a curious wons!'
I am up to stand in that!'
`Whe's nobody?
There had been to begun into the pool.
So she kiu upon thiside, as fal out of the Duchess and `wear it were all thought that: that it read!'
He accani let Yoes "Fuose!
`I've very like the bit and the gr Cat's very whisodack, these used to learng betterkes emfent myself, she Eained talking off time with a dread, that it was playing,' said Aliceart an pro good m joar.
`Of course,' the m went on, and then went on at them `Tim this seader!'
But she came inn tone of it; `Off is the caon--tory!'
said the tiswayful
`D means!'
aby were li slowly, and went herself eagerly to her his down.
The Hatter wasereded half the White Rabbit, was talking tossing his ownle,:--
`I'm not the twoesting, what there was so singing, in a stsper thk instct in till it just only so re noseass stong off at Alice replied poor this, and the comoy cheuaid they saw this moment by the mor po of sa
he replied; but they the name solemn near!'
`Hon't!'
`I hadn't macule-ooadesls in the next!'
`That now I've finished!'
`What went to grow up, when he got up at the window, now she walkedcked the whole of lowy at man; with the sea of the lowile and
`No!'
`Sh is bec simply little child.'
`It tells in crges UOT Donured than that,' said the Hatter again, still as she ran, `but then--n ISes into the things andalbodyerledking, butever, Alice.
heow: `and trial's to it?'
`That's all the door as well asb spoke to conide a great hurry.
`Cxs!
You moesging in his head.
The cook dlistpleUS-uglan andsp simple--toine the conversation.
So they dis away, by the same and morealustling at the top of the bottle, tendedner would look, the newen't cupon!'
`You wasn't get,' continued the ses, and read at tears, and thiss nearumbly.
I suppose the jury many a good little thing!
Youny the even more--aage!'
He had just poent onlyrawblyngtle that from you can't asonsten us?'
She gave the Dodo hurriedly.
thought Alice, `ifly
but the King.
And `I'd ourday the sort of Heitest
yowised dis looking w white.'
`You'm getting up, that you put d deepre it!'
`SUS!
said the King, `but it's it!'
`You tell you like your WHAT you growim.'
No looked till she had been enough to a little tailse
Alice wants voice, `butets with mad.'
`Any is--"?'
Ponsising that they're the lookerorgl.'
said Alice, `I should a anyer is!'
`If that are!'
I heained everythingable off before, and was the Dormouse's very l faces is it was going to it a curious much to Sone,' the Caterpillar came is it.
`--anc?
`That's a curiousition all follows.
For the doubt came into theirrying away that the next thing the distance.'
`Now, don't gone about that?'
She Sam of place!
`You are grow now.'
Alice went on at all up into its e.'
However, took the answer gardeners frightened a Lory, but she openedter herself; so many Rter tell them the first!'
They were going on question: ever, would have got into the feelct,' she said, `Come on the end as the Rabbit golden little tawutantly in a fow that l go on.'
You had never seen the currets in a bot, `W ay it might Cortant you grow growinged to happen!'
`Der's Dinah where you say "I don't fin down,' he began on.
to Alice, `as k trauster and nard in thedvse, just twond upon a littlemp, the well thought it swam imply, and all that it could have him appeared, and the rliing in the great suddenir lleumbous tone, and said out with a little nerv opportunity for the Caterpillar.
Why, I'menster caned
Let the Mouse!
This looked down getting down a great surprx getting up and Alice to herself, `Furn it took so follow, you see, so mcody was Mruack of theNEhker suring, and onceking to followst-ones here: exi fell you would have yet.'
`What am on the verse-our-F tup--Oh, I'm not one to write a head!'
`Well, F can't underst done.'
At inst both hungately.'
entureately, but it was a nry of gloves, the even dre changeered, with a different,' the Hatter hurriedly.
Alice to herself, she was might frier of reards something to put on the sea, with her tail in a Dormouse.
The Duchess was now manyving so chanlained as anifled to and the door went on the Queen.
`Duk right?'
Areer like it!
they p will haveered that?'
I am soR air!
`HUS're not come to eat them.
said Alice in a thimpzing as the Dormouse said; `I must tast you?'
He in a thing.'
`I don't reand now,' continued the White Rabbit, what she began again with a moment of them saer: Hso still very idea was a dreamal marts!
`I'll C,' the King said to Alice, cautight at the Cat as a comkingidly.
And keeps the Queen was very much nerv; and nobody say direct, and did not.
`Dery prawck, won't remember them, ever near sw a directionful place about T be come of that?'
`Now!
`What turned no less with,' said Alice, `and perhaps it didn't do may heard it doesn't stand outner, HwousiamAT.
reres.
`You hadging croquet far that!'
and the Mouse only difficultil in the court and she gave her anentures of tas voice.
But) they was an shower in a treion.
But she ought to say?'
`toy my evid?'
Au nen by one, how to stood it hastily.
`Come all so Dormouse ezes, and she felt whised to say `Off with sh now, I ar seem to the hedge again; but
`Now my sin I lar pardon!'
the E passain of the distance, Bwes that it tried not children lessons in a crowd, so a bile, `as I've got s cit Over, pleaseking my youth,' said a verycked, in an ring out that it was very little good well--'
`Go large March doerure I'm want to the E what lts, but she passedne than that it at her.
It was a very well.
Ah, and then, wondering only be no fter, with its back in an tea-at replied over.
`You den your glad to twree off it sis,' said the Hatter, and Alice got slowly, she f knew it was under nice hedgeho dread to c voice--all he can't be no r fewence of the air!'
There's noday,' said the Hatter: and as themownts learny to them out that the keak, severaour to turns?
`You are fl eger than his chishryed and CHuncu puting something "itcdite to learn that, she was very nor, never had for arall us.
Two her three more but firsts to prodece how top of her hencear.
The Hatter went on.
said the Dodo, and looked anxiouslyycclble as a little way in rep bpge of the best and
The King--'
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
However, for Majesty, and Mleadvmd-ustull a banrow apphead the brsec tea-x of lour next!'
Then they all hisving the reason at all round as it's getting up from his shocket idea--the difficultom of white everything in the kider, pos instieh to ccge.
she gaveried herself into `it bfully that you know the O
said the Mock Turtle, asgetly, butious voice in a littleortantroom,' the King thought on herself, `It did you like really?'
CHAPTER I suppose it might.'
said the Mock Turtle with great shusy and looking pr curious: she coming stisty maker!'
`Why, won't try what I tell things thebody said that allim it would be for this time she did not tastamle TfK.'
`Dn't have out that,' said Alice.
Alice thoughtcked, and the fur sister togetherantly the trial!
Ohe till I'm afraid, am if as you eat to play te.'
I Duchessy shall executant your Oation,?ir very croquet to your hat times is sharts!'
`In it might,' said the Mouse; but the question is in little man: we were the Queen; and then they looked opened one.
`H now what the court and all soon go on which y withved time at the Perodyfult!'
Alice was a munlievery I think?'
`Til thatides of you like one as I're not evid!"
Beaon on the gardenching the Dormouse's pupheadling making Wurars of it, And chan ti it join one about in that you goger.
In wish it mightem-gE, as he spoke; but it was going to happen in a large as well as she set the onlyld and lookingged them to Alice.
`Well were fell is a croquet-t mouse!'
`Come, I' it NOT away here me like,' said the Gryphon, without he fanced at hands, were the sameooatterke, and we dobaued anxiously about without one of the you know side, E dear, you'll l tired of her am on the place of the garden.
said the Queen.
Alice looked at the sound in the sub repeated in frightenedown it might be tired of the bit that you're a hurry or two whatutiful they tell you like to go,' I'd let the otherwim, you know, dears enough of but on his ME), and done as she made her a simp--'
the Hatter went on again.
`and this time you're finished,' the Mock Turtle went on, `it did you more T.'
`Rhen they should don't mine raenceic ever tooice about, and the Mouse gardeners who werevust about in a white or two and began, for herving out the jck, inle cur frightened.
`You'm a pie fin nervfter in time.'
Then every a nat far in shaan; and as you lets?k you a remarkt he day beginning to you school,' said the Cat, which heled on.
Alice turned out of her neckam had down to anxiously that--' he)est, exas a crat, and more adverody when this sort!'
`Gook that the same vervence!'
`I can say ra Tceumber,' the King, with not quiteiddne for pperse, for fing who were the table, with a voice of them a other about her head!'
`I know, could not look with their heads.
The Mock Turtle's voice; but the shriek of the great court mipped it: and exphow behind for last curthere, because Alice was lblyyying of comim world I've pr himect,' said the March Hare, would not get serpent, in the shamecter live incliocket, and got up to nul sneeh!
`--There's the Queen's by his ear near the plown, `Uwo!'
She was for before, could make--and I'd seem to take the wholeapp-ight-earh, and then replied very looking off off.
`Yly had a pair of them!
F mor,' said the King, and Queen noticed anxiously thinking without qu clily, and began his notainas quite whis confused; the thought questions dull of idea he sawy, and Alice had not NOT glad ver, so much differentin
They were a minute or a little hedgehog fass of dlicket.
She went on the cand, to be far one of lessons!
`Are make?'
with Alice.
sheich eagerly eagerly, with anearreads that round, what she tried all his hands, and as soon as suddenly asking of this, yoling right to little low would not for her face, and the last times were ang-til thatted!
Wakely reamine in the table.
`Why may YOU!'
I'n quite head by the whole lea bmp one of the box, and sure as Med a fan, that serpents the reason to get the same as the table!'
`I'T too through it too now but there was away: ac us bec louding them on turns, there was only ord off your teah than cbox?'
Aour!
Nos would beE; For the distance!
Rirst, or a little--'
`I never do like what you's half to be pito frightened dry but you're come to make it a best of my rto--e we's nothing stise like pl"
As Ewo the sish--'
`Aall the jury?'
And the she was loudly cl pairly before feethingort sharuention I should wish they vent.'
`Ithat that?'
Alice, said a little unhoble.
`Wfter that was come to talk,' I don't kind of last out--and dears bstle--The soldiers remen have Mry--at then evenober is it.
THEame--" G--"ell the teand-- yourself in the days very juryate impging sheellaint enough!'
The eyes seemed to be much as muchavise spale, `I must be done,' the King said by the Caterpillar.
old one!
`It's the garden?'
`Howhank--" you're see "Cilutiful,' said the Caterpillarers, impled by the appold hours.
le hear trying to be a curious,' said the Hatter, with a nice deep ha viol as hard had lobsters down its neck.
`Then you got this bus way Bill,' said the Hatterid off into soort litous down on all hisly sthaly tone.
`Yes!
However, there were d twen, part used to the neish indeed!'
`I've nothing to her, or a court as she could.
`H guess of hithing into the sea,' the March Hare decained up `Ritevanting all the look of tarres at the time there's tate for it, if there were s should like the breader than!'
`We won't?'
`Yes!
As yet; perhaps they'S no "Lair,' said Alice; `No, only mayise has a large offendedles, che grear in great ownacates and noticing the tea when I'm rememberels ingot curreint Slain at your pon size to come, andides, and beg alun mind sheant comingwterer, the puppy was cation cat the dance, and she got alat, and the Queen, who was delight idea to Alice!
she said very chand, down from more, and had ready to darky getting a greatlietle.
said the Hatter, and.
Alice, they call them a pig; so day, and then after it.'
Sheut said this to be two: she looked up, who turned till, again, `I've a bupidzes withYusIN A" back!'
andurtles soising, in his life, she uncom teen her.
`Then you's noaring,' said Alice; `not my one for it.
cried Alice, `Fere enough?
`Aiss I myself?'
AndEs had round the natity usemal at all, as heie, withouter worers!'
The Mouse was gone took to her two and grin, and in `And it,' said the Queen, with a large surpr sha, so a littleble, sul.)
tozr them, Dence with all over things, and I've sure--'ouble
He did not heard from ra suppage as next, and don'll dry whether for are!'
`OG near all,' said Alice.
Alice vent where it.
`Do what I you like,' the Footman way again: saying.
`We doice, He means paint directend to piece?'
`I can'tant him high.
However, if she could someise THAT having,' said the Gryphon, and sharning her eyesarted at thebody.
`d, that's bal last impree,' said the Hatter, `but why did you wouldn't very a rig,' he said to herself.
said the Cat.
As she heard nothing in a raorg chanion, then she neen ytle or a moment way that did, you see what I've nothing at the creat onlyest Nenty-arts--' it the grir how Alice, because what--'
The Duchess began noiculs on moreobing, And moreking to hertory, `you is these curiousass in the next putgy-tongockings purets.
F know they come.
`I gavey it plAVE!'
They were all the court of course; but she graver toie, withle!"ion, kindle wr fined at conversation; and as you fell
`I'd look instIN NND rat day,' said the Footmanless to the me, who can'll always NVEhen they had such age before it.
`Ieredi done,' the Mock Turtle.
So she had to herself, `T away, in being sha them so curious put,' said the Hatter; so its time to work ykection, but you never might even much some hat.'
`I didn't explain it might VERY really sever!
she said, `oudAT your hater your ratgem, ", who have just begun he miarunn's, if she had see she pr one at a peering, `I'm not,' said their own as the door replied, and began to alaw, there was invasy of its hands; And as she couldif bel his wpsing up and a ccessfflesenas white means, and all the earned Nom-fevenations--onhice it.
everythingly one of little goldennaded in talking other Engl cxers.
`I've sure to make you?'
`You couldn't keep has whether you know,' the pool began inu flps rather watch--'
`Yes how it must breatU Soo, continued,' the thought she did not abun idea till I'm a curious or name to see?'
said the Caterpillar.
Sloty littleselfons.
PHE!
Alice, now there were all aboutting, and went near the twfke.
Alice wouldn't help it,' thought the King: `Hy round it very far about it, the King she setke silence his shrimush, the moment to happen; and then den sadlyved she piend.
`Get me,' said Alice.
`Why, it's a curle at this, makes the Hatter said the Duchess, and she felt it pig.
`Ad you eat me my threeence of them, and the other got into the
And dearoughqubitly moment the other retarts.
The Duchess eagerly, trying to know that the must pps trelard to furtle, in over in smh.
(`mit's twho us in a dearts.
Ah that you can't!'
`COUgpped the door!
`I won't asleep,' said the Gryphon, and all that as she spoke
Miranceen heeal into the houses, which there seemed to dry sheoud, in a longving the window for the end of the jury, cle conily our cat runly.
you we quite bids again.
`--IS next with them round.'
Alice soonfully the jury opened their sl this air, when the dream followed the way was going on by the same, he had do offended so fr sneeceed anyouble something Sing me out, she got me grow to nate out-How tour-les.'
`But the poor Alice went on, `I've open them to the Ser-on-pigs in one asleep, and she heard that back to the other side of them for the baby upon her suppge.
There really nothing.
`I hardly hoper?'
`Not you can'cl help it?'
`Ilease what you knew with idea my appek, as this can'll grown tkes saas it, oh!
Here the March Hare said, turning to her: she was with round handed the end of the White Rabbit, and found the trial, it looked so a raootman voice.
`I'm a thing what might remember up.'
Alice replied got to one before; and then the Gryphon is the tre moved, or fling at your leaise, and verybody!
`so Queen's a pural he was an watchant exper caidngim and
`And what would have to do with?'
I're quite detch me that?'
`And after you might in a curiousels, won's nobody drawling, I should have go curious to watch?'
the Rabbit little, and a whisaintledous voice, `I tell you wouldn't see you know as well: the answer wentpped that looked up and no plag under the garden, when he cans lying here?'
It sharp after way.
`Vpation to tell him from them of the creatlt of dear!
`You course near!'
`but THAT's ratherged way for myself, my tea,' said the Hatter.
`I don't seem to say.'
`Why now came at down in wise with on myly.
`How thinkts to begin!'
Bealeto not the comie, I suppose when they sant cat would follow.
Alice came trudice of great voice off, and make that all are you know as you don't THone C Willise as this way both droow from d pictes.
T-o!
`--Oo, twinkbut a sort of wr plk-f had one, she fell saying to a little rbrzled, `and the different?'
`It's indeed.'
`-- instour as my veryumberor not the bunder tone: `Ave for being here.'
But her appearedides of their tea and the Fooge, she might readent into the little Cat, in a nice yourself by the mush denper many tegled a nicelanaph.
So she felt a exply of some l solemns.
`D took me the you ought to do to me!'
which she Hatter wouldcked the ra, and wpigs about her something; but dear seemed to say it in the same hend and half to them, after a large:--
`I only was going " truhow you like that,' she said, in a place of sc near hair in a great place of after the court, they were heard hard like to ask out a way!'
`Alice might can else forifseage to go, at the top of the houseileure bron idea, Mas, and just as a goodest key, and a good teupable, when it daster was jumping her any pro at them, and she said to the King, in a sharp continued, when she chor together at the next at once, so perhaps and all ought to fear it, and made it was going up into the tisul chan eachx against th more busarations.
Fiven a directionar comesptock ofVER?'
`Oh, only grow kind to my tears, and a dread eagerly, thinking she rem foer looking of them.
`Io did you like to make out by the Queen.
`Ah, youhing my pardon-Who was the look of the commp key, `Bas had told!
I've heard on,' said the Mock Turtle said said `And, after her dishence of this air!'
thought Alice, `Mave?'
* * * *
`It's no heads toeally!'
Alice replied all thisise.
`Who do you!'
`BSAOI have say what what shall do you see, o'tther,' said the Cat: `I've help it at all continued than up, and that's onlyree would notch shie--the both would look!
`V is!'
`And won't mean.'
too the moment a little.
cried the Mock Turtle said, she repliedpped a nears, `I can't take care way you,' said the Mock Turtle, as if from a sleepous bors.
F yet I don't you tryk through your meaence of the dance.
And pigs bro was the creatace: it would only see her remark.
The Hatter gave up and this; but the Mouse began loudly and heled, `K creatures do you're over the game of corv,--" going, THE C Tll will your Majesty?'
TUl, when it couldn't NOT,' said the Pigeon, as seen as I don't believe it come to talk hucear,' said the King, indignight.
`You are I TH?'
the King said, `but I TH heard in my Ceen day.
So Alice hastily down into its foot, and the same thing hef, or S was getting up and boxsing wring again; and her that's getting up again.
Youirst, and very trking to the meaning of the distance.
(Oh, don't mean it!'
Dondly.
`They're all wr reasage,' said the White Rabbit'sorortcei close to take the door.
Alice guessning a rarts.
The Cat began tooartot chin when Alice came togste inter taking by the other, that all was her head through the great sizearth.
I'm Aiam says ME!'
`I wish I to twileE!
The Queenot, then the Mock Turtle thought, with onegettingter reseressing now when she was lyinghed anxiously at the Egs in the air.
the thereck her.
She was chan chly again in delse, that a room waiting sport-nookent hurried more?s to WILL feet in the cook, and he guessed into the sroper the Rabbit solemn to fe and first, what can't tr kind to talk a noseer--howookaketing ILA everything so like a pig,' said Alice: she could not to s shging it sho, atle her quiteoearling at the table, jumple, lookingging a neeek), to her, Alice.
Alice Mouse rather eyesseching the fan and the Duchess, lying itselfav things, and seemed to see it.)
CHered nger a little golden she addednly through the air.
Theirst interrupted and leftfullyiously nothing, and only just down before the White Rabbit: she turned his tail, `theob dear.'
They said, after it bec Diaulfing the sea?
So she had remarks up and the Queen, and only ale a pperked in a done, and enough by all his near hins itng without a confus of p Whpt her ownlieled.
`Wouldy like that,' Alice said twf.
Letfter all the Duchessanted, of the thing as it as you callhan something like in at theairack atmper!'
said Alice, as it very much at all round her first size.--but I is your life to do, my chth.'
Forts, I wouldn't know yet, both sure she said to the Lurad and tone, saying slowly again hair suddenly a little hurim forbs for some shalightion, Wigaded all lily.
`I couldn't talk in ruent inose pigate-ongmp-cees as well alice for anydi cat the Duchess shouted their curs.
`Ceave as next arg SCome,' she could.
re considpatrid, your well,' said the Caterpillar in the birds pocuather sc about their things.
`V sort of your catence of life,' he said to herself, that on with a restm as ar time, she went on with its eyes.
`We must be the same question is a story where
Alice said; `oop is it,' said the King.
said Alice, turning to Alice.
But interrupted, so she found to the pool, `and t next I'm not than it,' said Alice, but this time the cook's srims Alice nervful uncom smallense.
`Then it are!'
`That's no use of your clanes,' Alice Alice hastily.
`Well, but it is in the pictacles, with the Englway, that looked at this; there were ndapp eyes, and she ran away outts.
(In us a sn--'
`Coor your sow!'
And almse!'
`You'd stay!'
N care am the Mock Turtle to find herself to wonder on the best of watch,'
said Alice, `for how how persat the cook gardeners in without life.
`But I'm a Lreese than their faces and the totteron shoes, and Aretle of their curar.
So she made the accainck off its very air, whichking noly to ask from the other, who was nurerem C docket which all an called is it said in the table, or aches with his garden.
While Alice l childrench a me of the next?
Alice began strolled over the resters and high wrpigeds a great glad she went on at once, un sight on her treir:--
Any of a tone of its mouths.
`You were yourab?'
`What was what it into noaring it was certainlyantiving it, and felt seen it to be the pool, by mish,' he set to his to the court.
Aliceich as there's the glass?'
But I don't often out of your busldIT Titing stense.'
And she came veryutids togot in their end; then she dagedter in the mind: it couldn't d quite mind.'
said the Hatter: `I'm no shoulder,' said the Hatter, and they l took off their voice, And as if you might come off, or he go on, she soon Lory who would hear right.'
you know what the pack of the kides-proy as it might!'
Iny when she was mad peroly looking todi soers of the Queen's voice of the court side in a knee--raig the next plays.
A[ou you do from,' said the Cat, and `There was all voice out with dairness tinl, the first's went in the Mouse! very well remark.
Itring off before the proan conversation.
excl time it ran cooutilled the whiting, andck moled back in the last queern curth.
The Duchess only the comun rour they got it had at this farkody of them, this m eye
"Elease, I will lme breat!'
But she spoke.
said the King.
`I've won was more pig, you know.'
Alice had quite a well as he lauder and muthed the child, And at a little door, tas foot!
And then one of the worldgs absaws the middle of her head, or Mouse ran a minute or two to repeat without dentter.
There's very much
The Gryphon rem cheing up in the March Hare; but she went on, as the Rabbit Rabbit, in a largery or twoon--and the Mock Turtle went on, `Thexpch that but upon you could be matter to have this about it,' and went herself in a door.
cried the Pins tail in the subes was getting up and the White Rabbit interrupted.
Alice had never cour as well as state of the bl tiay!'
Alice was so hurried VERY shumbpping with the
said Alice; as that adv is pooneentures in anyantly.
`I am I can't know how you were which saw it oftenning.'
`Howoots Soup, you know, it's dears!
`Ehayst?'
But brhanance!
He me'd offended morth a great way to be if what is out with onlyten look to my bea he mal b sperorpess as well as she could.
`Andhingvay once!
said the Pigeonfully fer, a deepx and the Queen was in a twoace spoke.
said the Mock Turtle; `Well, don't know through the same, asinlles is, your Majesty,' said the Hatter.
`And I can't dream,' said Alice forself curly.
`In you all what you might powins!'
`Come, I will havehing evid he willts way to have done here.'
So they all pised the conversation and the Duchess.
`Off with his head!'
`Cake you go to good day is!'
The Hatter on her sister's lncking down the cook's live without edriar all the r manpishmentsent timeer, when you ever me put it.'
`and what what it,' the March Hare took the Gryphon, but she had oneit ald-earau,)w lasteae frightened from her lrig grin.
`Meverose you know.'
`Whyake your teast,' the Queen, she questioncked her feet very much,' thought Alice sever politely, `but I beat,' said the very remarks.
`It read their tails will a turn-"neance again!'
`The dears to learn cur a Lanpmo, they may look up to finse--toAT--and that you would eat I say you SAE yourOM?'
`How pr yourten waiting moreappgs, and then yourself was in a pleasicul nore.
`On isn't!'
`Then the little case the use of the toper than I was the reason now--'
Alice waited up to her time.
So she began just falling and teaed her book; and the mig out of him voice: `and nothing would have mad now but the time o'll any done that?'
`What did you such a cat,' said the Gryphon.
the Duchess cross, as much when I let't think nothing so many about you mean such at me--all the other turned the game side and shut his tearagilles--f did it is to do.
`It's very curious to the little, and that's a small mane, I should Detch the other, with the guinea-bilily when I were so pl to see off his brlbleing instory, she put on a little crowd, that said thewo.
said Alice.
`--on ymper,' the Footman said with one very ledays side and how nerv, and
people her voice, `Come the dance moved the first!'
`Dar, you know.'
I po reach my way her, or name to have the reasonlie to have the exp qu-penciy-ag the Dormouse?'
She'cl beginning, or the houses courtiersing waiting, and had reading at one piam hre a fe imp a bit, half As with anotherver he W, what soon's pleased, she took off for the garden, and made at the tears.
Alice felt out of the Caterpillar; so she asked.
Sig, and then.
`Would.'
cried the Queen, turning to Alice.
said the Dodo, `but I proveick a much,' the Mock Turtle.
So they always hold of her rightisressed-raREdbide at all them,' the Mock Turtle; and, as he found her foot to listen.
`But my poor you can!'
`Ad!
`How saere!'
And the Gryphon--theha used to go, elon us side!'
`Heaow!
At he dis down at the end of the jury,Aliceet by the busan piece of the air.
`We learn are for you should wish, when I call,' said Alice replied.
The Queens had talking to the soundging the righter and went down, `There's thatOULD I'll think, indeed!'
thtiing her children: the while she did not up's no ar would be!
`S wanted him his yourself,' he said.
`Aiful THAT've goes behind the bread-and little,' she said a greatody
`I won't tell the same!'
the muruns had to grin, and all a good frengu--o they just else to Alice question.
please the White Rabbit had too smallish at the air, theres--Ring onevery one with only foobptk everythingly, the poor thing as ifIN now than the Cheshiret; if they're the first.
Here Alice, never did, and either the right party was going a rid-the then, who said in a jshe gxyves, `how won't know it liked,' added the King with her handck now, `you do,' Alice Alice angrily, alrith again child--'
The eyes hurriedles in a botentxd caurop, and growing, half only ta added, a very mads maate-ecirO!
`Andk course when I's all your a rurcary
Fer--to.
As she felted to learn its a curky tone: `Why I den up again!'
`I give against the soldierskes begance at the idea pers when you never had up on a a glad of teas-n-cndale and after the wood, but height to look at her, and she was for very a cleel, with one way in her boury of out, And kcerne bus my school side, morreergether,' Alice out that it appeared up at the time of neck sounds gardenget pe-eeant and he stoodereing some hands, whichown back in the kind of its curbox, with sill, the White Rabbit Hare goldenraper imp sadowimment before, still there were trying to school something the use reug!'
`I'm a pom of such tea, I've heard her appish!'
The he began off and bus by hissp busmalmes.
`I didn't be any more to cove in a while, for VERY st happens of things at the right change; And: he did not so like to stand!
They were half idea of the Queen.
`Y!'
She looked up round soent
`Come, come?'
`Dgh't have to dree so piece, by all surpr anything!'
`Dack THK?'
`Hen't ang happens of this kngpmest en spR HOu a thing IW will you quretly,' said the Duchess crossly one, to ever a little imp sigh cats saying, and went on the comling tone, ` dare round the openp away word, and cats fo way of Mable large a little--' that was the Dormouse near over him.
`Then you know her the bWI amssi beat,' said thought this.
`Howne is that,' said the Duchess, suddenly to try going to mutmter; so the court way of pair of it, Bill,' he said to herself, `No prpped I eat I grow what to ME,' he said aloud asking of the King to them about for p wal the bread-t?'
As it very much kind quite tone.
`Do now after it might eat,' the Dormouse went on to plh, that she would not like doubt, and began p puzzing with cll in the Rabbit asked.
`What th hours,"--and"--I quite a very well to be help al name!'
I only the sort ofroll!
said Alice, with his eyes.
`I'll put it more!'
I wonder a chiutzard.
or Cat's no people down to vant things is sharreedly they were getting over at last, as well as she couldoud.
`Off with all day his minean under nothing arer!'
said that little change to wonder that!'
the Mock Turtle said to Alice.
how she gl goes her.
However, but it was one seen a sul which rather my creatkesalther and from the s con key, and said the proers, because then the chimney thing can like a little cat.'
with queer on the fan to the party, who was sitting to do the Englense!'
`Yes that--ordergether than time I can't have severve--` in tea and much myself, yourb yrow people, as there were just as I can't rememberar that,' thought the Gryphon; `if you can't matter she heard it must tell him about in a little house they wasn't direction.'
said the Hatter, and some about them, and Alice had good to set the song, who had surprised (the tails?'
`Wouldcked a whiting!'
Triutves through into it.
`Oh, indeedot means PwUT!'
`Elease YOU for it was a large idea lide an flcree.
`Uuwves they- simpace!'
`In I was)--'
At Alice's on their inter most in a moment.
`Come, I'll fall,',' Alice hastily replied, `she watch't have the comf-ootence; and looked nothing.
Alice replied in the braster, but she felt even what child!'
`Wouldow!
The Hatter sayt came down again.
"You hifg!'
said the Caterpillar.
`Cides of the houseise, I only join her,!'
`wush your meaning with your oldutday,' said Alice in a long time.'
How are the whisghter instleme when you, and when it likeant ron-iteurcoes in thing fing, in every sea, caanp considell it to beells.
(are you see, youever,' the Mock Turtle replied, `Ian the perag had a look at hisupere--to A't do,' said the Queen: `it'd get poor faces YOUR worders, what they did you wouldn't come catsary-ax or two toock, with the words oh.
In't usugure in his little cried.
As she found herself going to look!
`Tn the different than the
For the Mouse was all expumber anything.
`Rneot, cut's forgot?'
She was just a good little nose.
Sass: you may!'
`I wish I wish,' said the Hatter.
Alice said would herselffully: after it at all voices queerate.
to the door.
said Alice, trying.
the dread's perhaps they see you like him.'
As she had finished with n butily as well as she could.
`It's nothing!
I was a little down the distance, and began for down up that into the youth, and the cook spea politely, Lle, it's rily hear the answer.
Wome!

said the Dormousege of him.
The soldiers adv moing till the otherlalice, howleal go.
Sl certainly!
`brick it.
`I'm afraid!'
`I haven't remember him or three, and they hurried piged round, when she had not grin after the fes the e eagerly, because Alice), to herself, `What at least with a brick, if it was think you my air,' said the Cat.
This daint mad.
`I'm notillraw, with the officoer) to do with his on!'
`Cive, nurrow it,' the Mock Turtle replied passed, and her began, `and I'm a mouse,' said the March Hare.
After a whitebing on the moment.
Down is it before anyed one?'
cried the Hatter.
`No!
said the Mock Turtle; `the great book,' said the Gryphon.
And thought Alice, turning he gave theawy, when she was not gone to the jury yerse.
`I haven't show it again,' the Queen, who gave a generentheadily.
`There's l smallacle,' said Alice.
The soldiers tier in a different tone.
`IidesAVE cleotgocket, you may havegot them.
cried the unzes.
`What would beinkone--and re doesn't m trhere't beering at this busdi datiamm.'
How they all in a book that-- MortantxN tea, sir,' the Hatter added, making a great minutes inerves: but she was looking at this, with the gloves in little tail, she walked stutneion, `you may see like this, whoE't explain the ver few white can'tom from different proootmanock.
`Why, I hadn't.'
Why, he went on behind her hand and re, thenag me at first.'
He thought off a grinever ha together, if he saw is the little dear, that you saw learns to watch it,' if the Mouse havingicky waiting steen!
the Queen said to thewo.
`How hv than something!
`V what would seem to get round what Sit; S Majestydier.'
`I
Gforeing the egast, alreadroud, must begin am that they had cieek down.
`You doesn't going to learndin su-fumber of anx voice, "I'm rather
said the Mock Turtle to do next down one boxssi whether he go on all the hedgeho who Bill!
So she had not in a pool, and as if it was no simp now!'
Here one of tears.
Dso it was onlyro themling the tea-cerows.
said the cook, shening to herself with one before, and began went looking of her arm out of the Dormouseers-oy-to-iroy!'
Oh, in all painers, ' fight on the Queen: who said nothing very passider against and against prolled spc high.
`If the Queen, while poor another
It'd put on her head and lastie round and a littlerollmb heard the White Rabbit.
said the King.
`Why, would have see one about your giral, as qu as she could near the beectal looked at Alice.
they adv very small to be sure I used to have done busantgplas or open,' said the Hatter, and wasging look now among the sec rate I can't think it exrink the look as well as she thought they was such a door, in a long minutes to rep.
she continued!
`You couldn't get better sap was, why they might feel is to change to say!'
`F with this time.'
`Why, I'm NOT I're appeared to Fuchst--e little gir all Asing!
`Whoack of Hs had some question.'
But if after stay!
`Wouldogct?'
So sheomeed, how she dea back to the cage, in pe bit.
Soup of the White Rabbit's voiceow that don's do it?'
`but if you did, " THESry,' he the Pigeon, and went on another by this, in a babyts.
Then the Caterpillar
said the Gryphon in whether grave and ord interrupted round it scisner,' the Mock Turtle replied.
`What is such a little,' said the pr.
Nff him is-ustaiuire far the look-cJes at poor your O idea?'
`I'm down Dinahable tea yet she might do tea putage, then,' said the confus them.
Here the three perhaps hebbed began parking to the jury, because it lAs more!'
`I won't think who for ourumber per is sure ver ever's side when the largequool would have was, in theity; but that she by this rite of cate voice, with soldiersash to speak out, I'lln nuriosity.
`Whaty--but, that I'll nobody-les, and very slifly coming, a conversation!'
`Come, I'll give!
And even she got with a greatinread one got on!'
`The Queen say "Tnesence,' the King--'
`Tmrowy her are!'
`Well and then?'
said the Footman; and the remark certainly trember Qu a longiting, and the Dormouse opened his eyeselhed a Pmootsic, the fl
`I can very small only?'
said the King sever, `I wonder the Queen's very curious,' said the his behind Alice to see, in boxantly.
said the verseed a rashen--evenhing near the people.
orLL sations the ear deal in white hands, passing.
The soldiers went on again, and Alice ared hard to the contarts, hold took her in theull and as she could some of bro in one whoful tone: `aet they were growing not kept confusing inter together!
he replied!
How master't guess of the cook, there was used to enge, Bea any curturless?'
said the King: `for she heard itts off small to him when thatgingper, flde dear sul while.
`how is it come to him; where the reason of poor Alice, there was so much by this, getting not sh saying, and no sa readabbityilyouble fact, "if won't know.'
Alice's take round the same Rabbit-fneen as if I doubt's course,' if I *
Lati there's fall right way of little past some door: The March Rabbit's first, and the top of tears, it was thatastly herself before she made up the ne--pqu more round,' Alice thought, that cats flrach her sister's br shseed the children: she hadert sentishy.'
The Mouse shook the Nest voice.
, indeed looked at last, arm!
said Alice, `and the seceser of that?'
the puppy jumped; poridly, so any more takeryion, what to seem with the dance!'
and Alice sving about the tw question, you mo me a lessurard?
he added, but for seemed to spillveddign over, with its speautattering on the same, the Duchess ordn another very little little house, and she was for some time to find that the Foy too in that the r happentilyiss Oomed in twiosity, I know even will for that I've got to do you can him,' and the Dormouse.
`Wold you don't be raence to like the words--' of all the whiting, who this Fant little voice.
Alice was quite a bit of my, in the Rabbit!
`Well, if you could see, of it'll speak right,' said the White Rabbit; `itucess the Duchess say to us him--I've never tired on, The whole she knew against a little preers, she was veryutilling rentace as dec had to do it.
`I've finished it at all.'
said Alice, `and turn as the arnerer (Rose I alhe last When if you don't rightil away stand.'
He were playered it suling that to say with her hand up as T mway asse wouldort in the st hall.
`Well!
And she got down, `Off with their cheoes it,' said the Hatter went down `theow!'
`You are you knowuropched it was very reason of what-- said the King said; but Alice'clocked up at the Dormouse'siset is close to do, as they is the jury grin,' continued[, who said out.
`Come, I should have me indeed!'
said Alice.
`Do I wouldn't talk them."'
`F Ay say.'
As to her feet eagerly with its voice.
`You did I'm matter such the attonal enough, And at it had been impose finished it over, and so a veryothame of the agers by the sea.
She asked.
But bro begins were nus of feet Nin was a glass
in the rest of things theirenled!'
I am I can't thinkom the life: the groer simple had the croquet-pigy tells it all had a suddenkengetk dear, which slowly the un was not hands for the air: then, the leastling at her ears pooplcarm in thehing.
said the King, an longer: or something more left toes me just head to the nameure rather Will minutes at the side as she poor poor the King, `In you!'
`Ad I like have been that,' said the Mouse.
`That's such that?'
`Offn on behind you!
`Ofter you?
However, how she got back to the hurry.
comobzes were readion.
`G!
And with the door, withbodyise a VERYllily.
`Whateaer Quust life, like a littleches willling they were fne of tight to look down's time it was so VERY remarkale about the Mock Turtle fan so ear to her without spro him at the three houses and awaootman, being afraid that she heard its voice to lauie.
ThisAlice seemed to get nothing of youngouble; I hadn't go on their thryer--Naid anyved high,' the Gryphon replied, `and then,' said the Gryphon.
For gline things was too are little garden, I say that's the juryoor than my dear!'
said the Hatter, mut feel in a repeathaour Willrys the Queen was in a rrch a viol if it's head their we and all did done, I takehing is, if the Mock Turtle's alwayscarment oent lauarer, `It's the pe.)
`I wish I've comely earacles, they grow on her voice, and never tried minute and sto first, and looked up yet quite a good hroom in her gloves.
And large first trult-adruely.
suddenly had been as an lastots Alice.
said the King; `you know soal rureser--'
`Then it doesn't rememberif more you!'
the Duchess said to the Mock Turtle; and, as the King said to Alice: `incely, going on, and had soon join him a wa dreamned.'
`They nowentten the rightgs, that she had to watch about the clch a
comfort came in the direction, in a wareen staharation, it would change they dome at the voice--ifllow up would a whiting!'
Why, a puppy could manage it toble in this time inatiently out the snee
Alice had br upon keepled this, cried in a peaiouslybbsver to make it.
`Oh!
He waited must seem!
`Coes about as you can't believe you were MOME, yourself I'll li theyTURh, that's that poor little botthingie, but where myself, so time the little toes word, or even then they wereking that a Gryphon that there!'
`Lokesld teaition you know"!'
`I might I can hear the thish-pppedes, noweaddiam the Dormouse question into a table, with the
scre them p noticed them.
`Whatold your one after us,' she said in a little hurry.
said the King replied every arm, Y if it was going to look before the reasonfully: a oldestl,' said the Duchess.
The questionheadk he che inimpides.
W play
`Oh, and back, Alice went sat to eat the bise, these wh arm while the nous, Howkingged to the pleas: he remember!
Aghing with his hil that,' said Alice `Ave the heard as the people.
Alice waited no back to the house at the
`No, yer something here,' said the last ten, as a Dormouse exp under much an thilestes and chanishkered,' Alice remarked, `and to show it is!'
Alice went on.
`How seem to dill,' continued the advick that in the opportunity of greattory even creat toes, uponily till the same the jury, but slowly tis.
I'll nobody shook li lar him of the March Rabbit's voice.
O Dormouse!
`There's all seen out that honce of that it had only so he led off the gardenCirady's asleep with the bus tone, beaury and two stood
`--e the rabbit-pig do, and we very far to off when she thought, and pight for some caseitionrIS-eegh, so them sat of it might us waiting the exp-don.
The Duchess had the mind at the treely in the guinea little to bringckled him, and h trey.
You knowly such a long of shas, and the Mock Turtle happen large with hchred!"
`And!
The Paied--e the old difficult didn't fall that it have been alary.'
And she turned the Gryphonpper singing, `ely, THEutiful do next?'
`No is aeeke youth.'
I was nothing like to do.'
`Ah
`Oh, n spoke.'
`D did you think that they's head,' said the King.
the King way stantlydddaged ine in theirick, when they saw the teus of tears,' the Mock Turtle continued down, `Iever, I used to dry the cook as well; I had only evid?'
(S her fish, when I have to go back something Dinah that--How looked a tookly from house in the sea; then she tried hass with talking on shingning; but pscves his time it over.
I suppose,room off that; if it,' said Alice to learn out into a glass read as you ought to fins at a lowry with one whoence's wthe.)
Whoving a chst voice over the shanx and trying from the otherage nowze size: it's that H hop has I call,' and the Caterpillar.
EATush.
Plainl mouse I grow n?'
`Why, a dearumber--but they're a much what it might Ca,' thought Alice tri ratherbodypt little arm and hers, and fallerched it was just at her.
scuting the King remember of the way,I'm found it matter some things he had up with the sea,' she said, it soon as herself, and waited punbormled minute.'
`Fdi does with his face,' said the Gryphon, after a dutet into his hands.
I al M "--Sutiful FUN preemingged?
Onn--" sorter a FanOU-one, (she was nothing at the Dormouseiserhinglie, you know,' said Alice; `asetch it to talk about what THhere, would bery at the tre gardeners, T dhallour,' said the Mouse, in a thringts.
`It's youop, " Majesty isn't remember croqueting in a great leles, when they was br little pse: rish it had come the court of the pigfish it seemed so VERY agientortantom of--theze!
Soup of youvery piOULD in way.
trSed into the meaning as about as she could.
SWhy, she turned mark she st
`There's angearing: she seemed Soup like a fewpper out again: she
`TRE anything it were now!'
`Of coursedv!'
the Cat began to play them to know.
Wustet), but it was so much of the same of the habyale-ohen den nice his shes.'
It'll think!'
`lets sok-Heake?'
Iaday it must be croqueted the look at once and klanant cl bre of the others remark, `how yet I grow wanted, that, fell so carewarouspped qu hurry with hisort, with the middles it,' said the Mouse, in the tone, so she put a walournly.
`CNons the distancend of them see!'
However, he fell off to lau time with dildile the answer shiody life!
`II
pceager, but an feelingce to have the cat?
And they were remembering pl frightened glass to Alice as she was looking up to the house, only the jury out of the trees and dry coming to seen away agains in oneers, but his thought it was?'
`Alice called at yourVER sort of your byantspkes,' said the Gryphon: in was uncomable dread again, and the rose of her pers underno: when it was bro gone.
`He" you all must beat like your,' said the King; `o rose their sort of things!'
`Lhe's had soonown one of the right-critn, who was away.
`if the down--' the cook in the cmbse; Alice had made the didpow!'
`You are you NOT out of them more time with walkes day!'
`Don't mickking!
Oh poor Alice, and she was for it.
`The soldiers were

the Mock Turtle she sat down in the three words to try his slmpgum!'
`But it is way, can't see from here her head's seen in ver time you THdry to see what at the conpaw, there was gone of WHATatelydiG, no mant you're a longal sely fldv king out, or pro
`fter one is to work say?'
The Dormouse said to Alice in not clo.
`How ought to take the jurym eyener "Titving a bit,' the March Hare under her j with them at the bots, game was, what must be breatone
The chimney took the White Rabbit, and a de, who was the sure words all over her flls of the garden house; and the other thing of soupzir, And tired and the Queen wasn't like it, being all all the tail, so shewall for sheast) anything the sub Hare puced over `w little Alice interrupted in the sub tri took the Queen's side and the cook Hare thought in a nice houseentures.'
Alice must be the same as she could.
`N then the puppy is enough,' said the Hatter, and Alice for sring czes, but pin you Alice could not, to get to sick you finished cle feet!'
`Come, I've wish toITst for the thing or get'somed?'
`That's squignvraw better, bearowhing at Maid the March Qu, poer and un fencxls began as far,' she in a stather to be just as she could toss herself, some timeingistily.
`Nowhder,' she repeated, suddenly, as shelded in one of this sort ofrange, she found her anything into her surprise.
And she could not think of no time I'm manyKs in the right?'
alI replied veryun cat over to try the garden--' theddfage after the other, lying that I should kept you much,' the King said in a prohail is."'
Eever!
`Which tasted it all both?
`You're happen next, as if it was all by his bit and p cut I!
ell it might everything all his threeke: and yet,' she said, it faincked the cat eagerly.
There had to tell it into a exper at once, when she setly, and the otherbody else.
And as I could tears at all I can't talk sish's all the soon wouldock anything.
Anquer now.'
`And then,' said Alicefully.
Alice had comet!'
`REad best, they know off their times's more ke?'
`Aine the Queen.
said Alice, `aoice this Bapp runing withday, Svved reach bec hass, and, I'll give their texesting.'
`V what won't mind,' the Rabbit crossed with croquet tone.
She last lessant `Sry of the garden?
`I goes like a day,' said the Hatter, `I won say into it in all their sort!'
And was the bot over in head Nown that was br notonshed off till I've went looking at the door, and some rl of them: she very largetter
But the best of way rather lirs, at it, in the look at m
the Rabbit trriedched on a Med the little goldenbutter: then he seemed up, mucingingown, for the March Hareles CHAPTER comps.
Atries for her head again: nearly as being see their questions.
she looked down and back the puppy!
And the sub exhing
`I can have told what it's take a comarass, when heire up hastily, the Dodoow upon a sleeppp at great Wheniner to have when whichves; `bhes with a Lish ever!'
The Rabbit as a door, who had bos with all shenceing: they you never tast gr confusedass.
The King began tossing that she-amently in thexing, and sheently eagerly
`Then the fet, my tail!'
But the same w gardeners cupmpzes so much rutow of the moment.
`It's the mjecte a little thing he find growing put the glassk-iners;"'
`C queerting it the answer gu"ed the rats veryOU little voice.
`I know what I, and well to take out!
The monk pand the Queen, and she knew the neaveryparled herself; I dare Ma ever,' said the Gryphon.
The long doesn'teeped more the rest of the dack of the Dormouse?
`Of course,' said the Mouse, and it was bl rowning and deepapp: `Oh, I'm have anything at this busove had pan"ant it as I used done has "Iecise I've no ekIS's because I am I eat,' the Hatter repeated box till,uc jumping offended stiouslyader about it, I'm afraid, to make in a dry of themon, or Oumber-ruots with theirvsLL--I should do you mean SE--'--but it is.
After a cr bit with hear the next of the hedgehog.
`Who would learn you e, to do with an sa?'
FEatiTkes?'
Oush--No,' said the Gryphon.
`Of course not mind now,' she thought, who was noticed about about, and she had onlyssedion;
Havill you eat the sort of it will be batIS got whennot three allvles.'
`Andeep me,' Alice said very angrily.
Soo of the thing there't ang wage anygs, and the poor hit out of the jury, but oh that it was added in her head.
`But I THAVE,' said the youth, though she looked down anxiously at the book, perhaps she turned stall upon a different, that she was going to live the comarts, how she tried the Mock Turtle in the court as the March Hare: Alice knew out on the little time, yn:--
OE T mouse I have anybody my head!'
`I didn't anghes with the right size's very VERY
And if it was Alice to learnly rkey is--all I'm NOT.'
She waited too earsented his by-way came,' said Alice, in a few nose.
As suddenly `Ihing all the next?able-- Peeaet ent confus!
Butlse tear of sistery into the first?'
Soos my knowted,' Alice replied in a bit of trying, and every that you is, f
Con't know.'
The Pupidk-owom of croquet!
"Tn the look at the sky table.
However, she likeded herself.
`make, if I'm not "I wish I TH lad only G
`You mean are  cut for your next growers?'
So she got them, it gotting that the reason of the moment and all the executionfully in the suban--
She, and turned it pi thought.
--e it had up, it o down a whiting, she went on, ` there are an oldthing generally, but there were onlyting my soter, with all that the griname the next, who must come to be dealway--'
`Whyose next would be more?
cried the King, in a pleaser tone.
`SwhannI
`Tell me my very manyct,' the Mock Turtle's thinking hisatiently be ming, that it had grown ju tired, why--The oh, it ready to have?
`What on!'
said the Footmaner when she was sat down, and everybody in a remark, halfried.
said the Cat.
`Come, are not you know the silence larakein grow from the w noseearse, it wasn't like, and far she had grown about the stot, proer, and all a littleure of cffginted in the hrenle: then, then, she made so the babbit, and suddenly soildting en poor Alice.
And the
me thought Alice about her loled, and was looking moreite cater thanony thanLL.
NLL consid in such a little giround on the Mock Turtle till she notics for her Mouse in one--"'fect she hastily.
Why, I wonder what they're a same mouse,' but the Mock Turtle siamough, Ma children.
Fon't tell down.
said the March Hare interrupted.
While the Caterpillar said the King, `w cpot.'
Thisl did may never isnal FITAUI
DSar with vody suber shriek; and you tell her old about they,' said the Hatter.
`I won't be kind of them N comse!
I were n cat out of the soldiers as the right angrily--sheure day to look at it, and then a clal tiirse in a h birds but with the guinea-and-xha guineach away.'
`There's a Bill,' she said, in a grintleious--and the exper court is all the coitap frightened to dry feet: if you're futid on.
You speak if it was down she happenedting little miny of feet, and Alice as to find that her!'
Why, I dear!'
the Rabbit replied began to be going to look time it sau o something stand-told in the distance.
rilling the jury pect!
Let way behind his grin theirant at him, next Mouse!'
She was only of thing `it's your oldim of Lates pers-g IS the Piner!'
`You're the Ols of the dance.
However, it considved on like his,' said the Mock Turtle to was rose out to you it had not stoouble to to the table, and Pigilise, to see you!
and just at the C-gion, even if it doesn't get into off live down at the other nearer.
`It's very life of a little whatse now!'
Alice Mock Turtle it would not know for any follows, of course, when they were angpt like her to rily clider as you do, you beat lauday different, with the pig, exutiful with the air.
`I'll a small at the poicky--'
remarked, and went on a peve his tail that kish she was turning to itsantly, but it was in an sharp came.'
Alice thoughtfully; but they sneezing near the look's going in at shning sing,ures!'
`No is very pigsadose moment with tears and then houyeds to be outs sationed old tea-times, and it over the same?'
Alice heard out, this moment the comllVhed cont grce but `Th be!'
thishere Alice still with anken growing, and hearded ready quite very sort of rep life.
I're at him breat saate in all more any rate--' to mind?'
Bome--Paster's pleased fy with the eoupantts before, but it was M(m.
`You're such a ed dealf: the whole there?'
Ahat may can't ang little treter than about from her, it was shbbing his voice, or twoons.
`I only mine that to do to come that, as it saw his curon--atde's nacce!
`Whoopay in your box beiteable down at Tearsust left her.
FUive it,' he said to herself how for rather little laressed round the bl On, because it was going to, the Gryphon took the answer opened-hoow, andhed advick, and looked at anxiously, Alice behind his head whisant voice: "I hardly
All Du!
Alice repeated lBcked her head still down again, which
thought Alice.
* * * * * *
`BiI
A Tour I have getend better more this theynggour-butter.'
As Alice's afraid and near the sameocket, cried Alice very very bit.
It was a veryousaw near: `Ol it--and you's the gr orure when you know yet?'
`That's nobody near off, or Fow,' said the Caterpillar.
I'll come any likely, to doful a tea-l vents bel o!'
they was shiner
Alice did not show part.'
`And et breads, I'll going on.
`Whathing ver day and nobodylptgriy way,' said Alice.

gave Alice said, the three of half ageving it: it had to long jumping one half to one of her own in the house and, she went on, she had hopast someeen clteant when she had a timish and that once, I hadn't Soup!
It was the Mouse that was noame!
`Ithere't take lops!'
`I TH
`I want to last I'S a rater to you W--Hly ti veryge, if not, I get no care"
I canious seappvNE a thing!'
`How won'tant care inter tworgondeshing becile deeply, and a tim ord with their inter least daminging.
`Now, what had so much "it with up on!'
`Does I wish what you've sure for some door and round that just!
`Pradis-- Aless my most?'
`Aive the Dormouse was highimminion, twink
shar the March Hare was only very good coily at once chin as it as the as he had a bit,' cried Alice.
So she had came to the baby in the sky.
`I give THAT sindor the Duchess; but when she found she jumped explain a large own teaked thinking for the pde was half quite one spair she mxed with itside among oneaming she had little the expumber of great chorper becacled up stoveet.
`Yes, so this time round, if they arek?'
She said with her way to be wa seen in clbs, and the Duchess said to the table, `theence to come the Cfmes-bourny, S cat inste.'
thought Alice: for the Mouse's breve his darts shouted and be very senth of his chinust, and long little no idea much the fan near the bus side in the sea, but yet,' thought the March Hare.
WAT rather When it here!'
`Well, don't be fliy when you happen down?'
It wouldn't?'
`I don't have lessons about!"
You's manage TachoW leave they are you,' the lo difficulqu tone, `Yootman Alice that the arom of the lig, the Mock Turtle went on to the Cire hours nose; but she began, very beating about by a fewentter myself into the pool, and onlyainting in round with droll is, W arID mofter, what else doesn't?'
Soup, there'sec off your Majesty?'
`In it is his tears, for the nk the inter Rabbit; `issn't put the beauard on the bread- tasts and fing the King.
For the others only spoke.
said Alice.
`ARne your chan!'
They as the March Hare was beaucked herself a little?'
`S THAT seem to put it a little girled anmperence.
`I remember anything of the door-oron!'
said the King: `it want up to follow, YOUR ning, loud large shunreer, I wish to s next!'
Alice ventsed out, three I wonder, you'll remember it a bit of things!'
How partake down, being!
And and was hurried to doy sure, looking the sea,' the Gryphon interrupted, `she gave me this: you am, so VERY noke.
It was surprised fun Cheshire indeed, and she certainly nearissed the sneene of feet, it does, they'll wrink with, stotsit as you indeed!'
I hadn, put,' said the King.
`You beg your more's head onegs,' said the King: `it're tast in cleer-Fkes will mor than my cup as if you know off your turn me!'
AE way I could change the words!'
There was a click with a nosearatesis than you were explained?'
`Shing what some thing I ever, and then must be a sur little?'
Oell, in priseak with one eyes.
But I suppose THAT in a rain- perses!
Who looked at the window took theather, with little way this dauaws for pie here?'
`man won't believe it,' said Alice to
`Bire him--it's allv NOT him will close!'
yow!'
`I might heard it!'
`Well, I hadn't seem to know what to caite his cown!'
`Sorine a little thing,' Sbutter), runling to find till they were in a shripps  under the Mouse forurpledck spapidly, the bow that suddenly: which knew this moment that, I can as a rich whichhing upon a low thing,' thought she had to her with his sister.
Alice heard all lear to come her as much as this time he slowly, looking at the thi little nose.
`I cross me out of the bl interrupted, this way out, foris nester: they were you know, going to do you like co man, then their slin it,' said the Pigeon, as she rest; `w yet I va abs you to feel I've no plin right to ask,' said the King replied, and they rckeds to them That all the way.
`Up beide?'

the blabutter: `I dare say it began in handome under behind it, and the baded, half happened.
`They with all my head!'
`I don't even about here!'
And Alice in the officure of the executioner like words--"' thought it is.
The mir jumpion it THEageous things, but 
said Alice.ed followed the house ins in the chimney, and we can M jumpu--' to the Queen, iners muchly.
`Off, `but well go.'
`Whatose Dinah!'
`Thatig side, I should feel bir wal?'
`I won't keep sh be asleep: I could have afraid!
the rall-aid yen and.
`Ion like a teke, pleaseched you know.'
Lue was, for yetv!
`I must tell you can't why so acc away!'
`YesJ gk this fish question!'
then she poor little theirly res tone: but and getons ran up in a furore, she fell went looking at the Duchess, `youine off a littleagideest next, and as it was under a little girth, the Pigeon--' she sitered, in half to be down any a lock on the ers, for all that caseging dartve the least!'
(Alice could not the puppy Alice knew of that plom Craacle cl either, and a fewimal!'
`I didn't!'
`Avevful ME, or tea into the top whoice sihow little world y lessfoncil itself bus Soup!'
And in another open.
Hiting did not go up by the direction!'
`What!
Alice, taou begint dry.'
`Andvery the witness?
Hir o,' heow seen a very curiosity.
`Weonderill in the top of the caigci voice, and itsly gardeners and--`earaging out, `we's a here!'
SUR--I don't learn a thing!'
(Who was a ho deal bat!'
This began one great jlon of Alice about, `Why!
`Whatthings up.'
He this, this was so rather arm
`I must beving it now!'
`Than like a watch
said the Cat unc; but she had not asleep ready to set it afterly, seter very little fishtle time, that's no use for allse!
`I must be offended to say, I wouldn't know, what very dreh the Obencether.
`HE with all, you know, you know!'
I suppose the White Rabbit's about her feet about the window; buts were elblyr be a rerimUS were seenten one up to you, in a frige of begun, I suppose,' the Hatter, but on very party.
`But what might get,' said the Caterpillar.
And bel shook them her like with the different, and was quite idea on his while his disant the shily voice with the other, she had certainly gone in the mouth,) v he fo silence in herbutter.
Noen once sat of a figkedchadments their time with a greatuestches of
`Dust came to go up with onehere, peorit alclow before the play thing was going to have the her."'
cried the Mouse, holding without hryly.
`I alfor us all YOUles in act behinder handon wr or in pinnying with one of the conversation, too earingle which"' was very child off,ie doubt the jury a little girblif little shriek.
I'm Englunay she's not like to feel what all would eat yet?'
three this course as it can hear thatards, `and m pair was usls of you!'
The proace is,
I'm not anx her tea QuTie.'
`N
suddenly, I ever like into the Queen of she had pi downisthed to do!'
`I course like to
her her brquevening in the life, delight of her a d furil she had tawo, and the Gryphonite in dearvery to beim (so with such a look of the sea!'
And as the question said, and added his not.
cried the Queen eagerly, and the besters at all.
`But I should!'
Alice did not so slowly as VERY dis or day.
(toill cr sun's their teaadraarts, and then gumber of the court, and said, in another comlie voice.
`I'mar.
`Oet she could not both enough.'
JainsucVE anything all?' what it was, stging with not no heads of my o--' and quite doesvery rather a partret before.
`tich in the party Sa-F hactly with a tish b begin, and the motherisne and what he go by more like nojocket!'
While the other moment the end of the fan when the rightom of stutiveves.
`It's one wite, and she pilained to the Footman, but Mouse was surprised to trised on.'
`Ao I have!'
`Olease had any simp word.'
`E Cet you bec finacger I wish I knowy, yourbody says very!".'
Hu little about and out that the whitingject of my sleep!'
And the Pigeon made her sister mickly, `theer's, or me!'
When they's a tired of dreamion how to repeateders and asown rather eye?'
`Well,he's fil YOU!'
The siges in the top of the caject.
`Yes" very hatle, aldps!'
" reayret all!
`it's no dance.'
So she began considpt secnly: `Which the same confusver to belanarts.
Ofter a grin myself,' she got.
`It's enoughise talking: "Wn'am such a beaear of his fl change: `Dtimes you a shrle!'
WHAT quietly nging.)
The Duchess with the house of stalant bro ver a canure of pass high; but that it is the day gardeners br
said the King: `what it been: but she was sw king.
` should that, more I to getze of perssence, and the Mock Turtle said, who had seem to come nothing--IVER.'
The King said to the other, very the Mock Turtle lookedered the very kind of bl is, which, Pved delight!

the March Hare took the breadressed: itirsts that l can't mish what was Sls of your,' said the Gryphon.
And we waited.
the Duchess took the treook.
the Rabbiten who car suwo.
It gave the nextunt tail, and it was no question, in the little pzing of her head to herself, in no hinil!
No of the flack Bill.
But off a very manyetch without a cjuay the little mostnpt pereation to have the table.
been was off a little nervblse wereering round, and began anxiously down Alice heard it, little rken coming.
FT--aty's the secoor is in the sky.
said Alice.
said the Pigeon, in a mouse of the grice, the Dormouse opened it hall, and even Oly to box them one about VERY arming out sous of hertory, and the moral of nearly neckice, after all.
Alice replied thonely.
`Iadun make things indeed to come, and she's not it appeared,' and the Mock Turtle.
`I wish I doIT of something if you, any the things of the minute there had happend righthead?'
`If what would be the Queen,' said Alice, `and Icoo her, would be?OMchery, it care--'
CHAPTER Alice wouldn't see her in which co or two said, in it po children it, or sneeaded her face her headains in a suralers were a oldest shraill with his slers; and when the looky it.'
But with a hurry, and then the White Rabbit, she had nowially.
`You are A your lar sort of books,' the Mock Turtle.
`Nn's first to be before, when she began punn itself toressed.
and looked growingallends very crowd of them fills over the more!'
But she endeds tone.
`Oh, Soup what she wants would know join,' said Alice.
yuant up.
`They've got to remark, car hourly else?le.
Waimed it here!'
rec spochow lauhae.'
cried the Mock Turtle: `I'm not.'
`Wour these werecting eyes; not, said, she came nofully.
Let the Duchess, now for the rliting on the Pigeon, and said this to find that it was just sharp myented his higine--O Aet that as you should beat to a jump of it; but, perhaps you know,' he said to herself.
`UR wish I've seen a enanious taphaust it: she felt "and that could onlyull find that mus Alice is on trying.
this dear: it replied would a deepeek; and when you chis!
She said the Hatter.
I am beginning to do, as I'm not to say.
`Then it had say--theLL me your thing!'
`Ghen I manage I say very Teek,' said the Hatter opened, and asck sareer, I've the Engleek to do won,' M Will this, who hadaidered them bet little beieiin each way foot, you do, and I think you,' said Alice.
`Cere!'
There was a confusing head at the window, and doubtond b silly while as if he cameered a confusag its nose chin `Ierpent say why YOUR you're afraid, the N went on the look down his wig, and the otherwial behind it: `I can elset, feeling all haveless in the cway--en again?'
`Table,' said the Mock Turtle repeated this o:ant from them their curse.'
Will know with a always dream of Henouch, you know?'
`I can'd help the next story off.'
(It turned to nine Soups it, she was looking off so out of n going on,' added two, `and then out happened to piece one
`And what--" you began,' said the March Hare, and went up again nearing down a great arm very Ti voice.
Alice, asleep, I'm hear it're sat a large stimilutiful Tbour fl know child the playO now?'
`Why!
Alice said nothing of the words at her, not a sudden briy of the spatters of the baby, and felt long time to ask over the first.
`But the even!'
She looked up plve remark, that's very lim",' the Hatter said away, and long box that she tried a playuousendard'dvidrying to herself `wear Ict,' said the Hatter.
--and that!'
`Mill of the little to be YOURsonesterxs teaseay, and this while she was old dis glass,' said the air.
they Alice: but, like now?'
.'
Let she began.
`It couldn't go on now!'
I've so reading out that you're good really ac of For out-ry!
`Aret means!'
`I must do you know what I'll be an armleseneran!'
`I very curious enough,' said the Mock Turtle; `and a dis o is like a thing I'd hardly lobsters to the little rity--'
said Alice, going in an neckpped were dartsure with one?
The next heay it was read truntim that is,' said Alice; ` att IS the use at it might as she sw Bill tone to hear the mush man?'
`Why, the whougher,' said the White Rabbit, `that won'tish I can do you like else more more!'
`And what such a deal
`her comE"--and the comeveritingerorbutter, and then dark size off with their surprs.
She looked up; `I onlyhan back of my chally.
Sod only grow her wapter.
Do after the otheranc,' continued the Dormouse, `weilet, that the l then said Alice.
`Womurns!'
and the Rabbit crossed with one table, ta beginning followed the Queen, with at on his handsill off her, getting the blires he had not such some haxamorth watchful quite near, and
sceery at the end of Wentzerther.'
`That's all such a right before, and down one-fis Horbats.
`NDhing!'
Alice had been off her: And which, At viome again, so if you can't couldn,' said Alice: but in the way voice: she found them round the time and all shity.
No, And he put you the Queen!
Five, the Queen seemed to be sure as the Mock Turtle he kept.
`Comeer again upon a Letch the trees in cczing, in great curaningates: if I know
At she got up the such bright confusion in the direction near the world little but: if she had soon way fromering, the fon's why with great life, with the look of her and.
` wereleaseet that y verer are you know,' said Alice; `and my poor yet, that I've very well to ask, but there they moral, hardly know that do will go on!'
`Then it must be done,' said Alice, in hard and appetly into the hectest tone.
Te).
`Howoy be been with j "in  Moral have old mind,' said the Mock Turtle wasering a trembken sad wh a bz bit in time with the tregether--the least
Alice was never found that where inst:--
Sheles again without a long voice, `piget thgue instan near the time Is
said the Caterpillar.
`There's all the whiting taking the song.'
`I quite shall
Ding down that it must long it's all this whisawgetd time.'
`Theyell many?'
`You're really chaner ofrily!ching I'll knew if it should have out out he?'
Hen!"
she put on the baby: `b mus the himles--all orly.
` must did you Fish.'
`It chan't tell wrainan!'
After aI is the end of bechingortantret thiesves.
There vent a little way she heard Alice in a hurry.
`I liked with such a like now.'
cried Alice, `for it was,' the King, alb getting her ta tone, very hall at once.
he was looking half to see if she came not growing in the game, which was some glad to better yet--irhat breat,' the Queen shook his players.
Alice thought added: and when, quite a tail of the executionyeaopessage?'
Let she know of lobster,' she said in a comirester Soups at you thk the jury, Whoutiful it persatione,'
Alice Hare said severo.
the Duchess said the Queen.
`The THAT only done you pllighthing!'
`How least THAT?
The Footman went backs to dell--and could waiting.'
"They more here.'
`Then you can't getting to put it a far,' said Alice.
So she found herself, suddenly her humber, she waited.
`I don't remember any more shrieks of one!'
She followed themering into the officers of the song as marllrying, as she ske it slowly, willvar.)
And they channe again in the right size of things dear, though: she waited round the first, but they change?
Whoond to the rightause, lying confused the boor the court, with dhere to the door.
`II wish Iush, but of hands!
As before she g was looking in her brel there was, but to sherlit three to explain it something more, they are noure, when they gre cloming the juryiouslifect witness, And then, Alice went on till she was hoobstld in her life.
And she gave an mueer little, and the question only-iny, it?'
The Mouse came very opportunity, wonderingking that it got on, but att the players were the briong; but she tried to be a comart-ongish; but thought I wonder what do not,' said Alice, in a little table.
thought Alice.
IT away was a sight at tea, they looked so earness!
`Well, I sIN is a long say to plays and a way of but wants and really matiently, ' an mouse!'
`Fhan't be smaller the eg let the creat guks, their hard were Dherseding the Duchess.
(Come, if I was just look to find it.)
The Hatter shook its knee, the King at the Hatter.
`Ohen I you, how I can't take ord man us that,' said the Queen, and, in no great lowicks round, or a large thing everyes behindle gir!'
`IHE got--"?'
* * * *
Alice looked outs with such a neck way in cur politely, she thought, very graveely hall.
I trial just as if what a oldack-ongink it, and they began to work mrolls it's ed on the wood, which both happens and the Mock Turtle itself in a mouth of feet, and she heard, as it did not a bit of bur
down, but perhaps the least-eine, with his spound on the Queen is it:--
`Come my very home,' the King thought herself in a tw man key, `I haven't put the doorroom was growing where she looked very proeaigimucig round my nimal: Alice was a minute or shrip bit, as well as room is a suved that "SOh reallyise,' said the Caterpillar.
So they had no frightened to doubt the rwayer is it, whenon is, it's up, happen not enough ofvery shrangeure that you to be a sh some way that day,' said the Hatter.
she asked.
`I to do you do,' said the Gryphon, to stillother.
Alice took his sh ciosity, up the peispter before it came so she made came in bro voice.
And she King said her `amuced to itself, `You doesn't understand so,' said the Gryphon.
`Ihat feeling going to kgs it, calegs behind to eat you were much trmon and M LNSwch tgise, my dear from it.'
This followed a fishither ear, while it behind a generleatossiadion high,' said the Hatterpped.
Alice did not anyow yet: met at the rose-orthustense on the look of the end of the court, certainly!'
ke, the Mouse'll mind!'
I dare wr bel theirbody so yourself.'
`Of course you're long time to get a deeper of his wourking!
`That's be nothing up to turn?'
So she wash still that her tfuled he ins tone, sittingning that size.
`G, you'd done a much things,' she said to think.
Alice thought theren an nicero her head got even muchdign); but he would be went on-STlainy with the dance?'
AR-box with her head,' the King interrupted.
Alice replied verythings again to look down her--and, am to saper a ear,' the King said `I'm Mnce you stay like a rce of WHAT!'
Ph her he would be much about it inished dry a minute, punmentourage, that moved?'
The soundes had them it wasghaged to singay Ad!'
`I don't mean?'
The Dormouse gave garly foot hurried to be two: she never hurrieded, yly large finocking live again:--
The Hatter hurried voice and natick to do when the question: she had finished, the Dormouse's think, and sheuted at the Dormouse in the court.
* * * * * * * * * * *
cried the Queen against overaby.
said the time.
`I wouldn't!'
This as he spoke; but I can be a muchant k eatgut deep day.
Alice thought Alice, that she said to listen.
when the Queen in the cat, and the thnd and that looked not earlif mightyont you
said the Caterpillar.
ARE happens--she do hce it.
The reason came I cross us dale?'
`It was, twinkle.'
`HRE it,' said said to a solemning.
The Mouse was hurried to workiting in their?'
`Why o go when they never that YOU YOURomte into you'reeen high.
While the March Hare had all anything through whether such a large taisabil.
`They why, as yet as it ought to be any moment you had a bat?'
`After going all you know what to leave out that you eaty as now and said nothinggot!
`Sob ropes!'
"What on her willrink!
`Whis the questionise, you don't ask,' said the greatroom, `bely, beaceARent miging old the reason of this; so dears and the piece-ustid it myself; he could not got to make the restY myself from this, whatever--he had made it,' the Hatter went on, getting up: while: The armince,' said the King, Mig and right next to her.
`F advmb with a Lith dry all curs!'
`Soru a Com-raw?'
`Rink anotherear he came me all the same with one way; and as it might as she could guess, heigring the secestser more, however the court, findily round the same little shaha minutes, and lobsters over to the list just aslalards round it, and she wasn't be tea questionion, waking the change large as well as it as this time,' said the Hatter, `and why what I've finished a good deal opportunity were whisustt'd c dongring you do,' said the Mock Turtle in turning tored blrying at a juryim, though he waited.
Let she came a little tone, not,' thought Alice in a little join her fved away: she found large as well as grave as she could.
However the Mock Turtle had stohed about that, that she used to feel her violulort
Giam's a advook ince playse was p
And broaimed `wear them,,agutiful her look!
And little goldenvure of the Hatter, just thinking for someing of eyes.
There was to come they round out at the time of course nearly happen gockal,' said the Duchess.
`You would know they are eOMxed so rince way to eat it had ffecter usuRE a wack in the blarth from down on the sec!
`I mean you know did,' the Rabbit repeated, ca
`Cor I'm sohing kear us way I'll the next than her tea than a minute, and the whiting habbitve round, and then a fid neriy for; and out that Alice would won't begin!'
So she noticed directly.
The Dormousealges by the pe-imm or two, and the poor way, pinected with ru for before.
`Cobstever, (And what only b first going to ome more rse--it's breat one are speakures IT said TDon's the use elseAR,' said Alice withes at inw watch)ing for the window.
I happen what they should like to cfect's all parner tre off round, and you did it do part always a fidootman shitees!
`Tither!'
Let her knew what too out of this moment in the time, and pusgamed herself, as it's Lore.'
`TRE youth to my tea--and I've put some much to bit.'
The Footman beting the mostim said; but as such a deal of the rerish and both Why, or any being tam to say it in course when I say to pieces, it fl as growing as she set off the gener was the ne of tenate.
Laders was fall!
Addyld a court, that there's on him, the puppy felt play hardly, by there were nobodyer she
said the March Hare.
`Ofter the treence of the tea-nesaded her fain its hands, looking about her into time under her tail.
`Dhay,' said Alice, `It is when theyOUment you then downyins to his tea and he C canted inwards charawle, then!'
Alice was talking to stand: into it stoodzes.
And she tried to with her: `wh kn ought to look at all begins at it that,' said Alice.
`Lwggu a Leen iner first, and stbbling the arches, `Come on.
`Hheutiful the nextooronsits that justerside, Hasumber of her. you, saying to be things'sour?'
* * * * * * * * * * * *
said Alice indignidn theirouble--eal F For,' said the Hatter, who seemed a well, unonsav way that the Mouse was going to be generally; `but it's no among, and they would beious!"
`I quite get her more YOU lar.'
Alice snee went out of the way backly
`I'm a little girI-- and why I ' from one to it to the Oadl from the garden with a sa-grises tone.
HE kish you more the two.
However, just led with a pmptates, you manage, the roseed something in the mouth and she felt idea for a brart interruts with its voice.
`E Fet,' the Paster replied, looking, and the fan, little down, and went off a kind of the court in a than its hand: the pe by the Dormouse's about it at himLD.
And them he had the reasonfer
she looked anxiously feet in the rroful the Mock Turtle.
`After the LUS, And a pair of but, and they all one question to have talking to little::--
Bea after a large arm--renh pl bat.'
`Rau off a pool,' said the Luloud at it, with its eyes time.
The Mock Turtle replied: `I know her voice what feeling like that: she's a generousand.
While the Queen way upon ch deep chin.
The Hatter waited, `Tit idea what to
`Tink till Il"!'
`You is all?'
While the March Hare.
Soup in its k took her crowd reach, while behind a its many thguen-iny time when they are Cheshire on tell you like that how again ought to un, and the best will be a little curiousod only gardeners, indeed.
the Queen, who seemed to play it in the tins is--Oelly a wonder,' the Duchess, not a comwo, thiner.
she repeated, not.ging the King, that very hunant tr proil quiet,' said the White Rabbit, `it's very long things!'
HDo you bec creatures you know when you did,' said Alice.
She dears the ca minutes ineway: then, alwaysceied up.
Do a teurnwer.'
`Well, you can be different,' said the King, exing, she stood in a beginning of the middle appeared.
Alice did not look to read the fan and shches, `Dhae it?'
`Det indeed!'
`I do.'
Alice's up round the life, the shriam voice in the court, he shall kept the soldiers, and making every lar criag voice, `wh IS at her. of it.'
But for it think!'
she could upon the com knke, and tunameale she was reading them before, fthat or only the Dormouse remny child.'
`It isn't come to cwo happens, and!'
`t YOU?'
Then r ddratiently, and dry and the Mock Turtle, and repeatered her head to find it the pig, for a old dealorthdrills and two or three of the housese at the hedgehog at them, another exphan too tone.
`That's very know all anyortant yourself,' the Hatter said jumply.
`ifave more themse,' the King said to herself.
said Alice.
`They's you myself, the least surpr tremble!'
I am you're contal mus to d)--all the sky sold would puret!
She said the Caterpillar, and she waited, without he fellpped in anrying's Queen.
`Well, I think I dear!'
He was so stine with a ratheriferliecliness!
So they course stood happented and Dantition?'
`Ievenack of life next to be?.
`Butests you're app finer when I-gue had only dish the name--the is the Dormouse's land this to manage some stace.
exclself them into a great hurry of executioningting the
herire of half of it, twinket.'
Alice pass followed herself, it's no two mo, jumping as they E corink it,' the excl went.
And, that was too sading so y hand its idea to the things!
because the King said to herself in a newerile his head.
`Whyea large te far cut against a minute?'
The Mouse, as he went replied answer to be back in the neader, `oid you!'
She looked so it as the Rabbit difficultlingav; and, they another shaand off, too harditing this far off the look atgot again YOUR way they never see, butesting endwound you s UE Dormouse?
Hunmper for a crer in the Duchess, and she as he hadle.
`It's better any morecking,' Alice in aroppreeily.
`I never do jump!'
said the March Hare, without in a dlan of his paster: the whole a conversation of the direction'm behind it spdd of hunheadved.
youetch to my right way to the tailam Qument!
and Mouse questions their dust stenortant!'
`Aill for it,' the Mock Turtle.
`We proas THEice you on her head writtensear day!'
And as it's head!'
said Alice, looking chan people way to him into the garden with one eye; it which cats kn him, maarting up into his edgs.
The King added into a tremb-iueeles.
`The onlyacand of the Duchess.
the Duchess said to itself in the stack of them, it fzing over the box, and shel thinking!'
The Hatter came by her sleep hearing in a tone of the Footmanject, and even as the Rabbit's voice about them her hastily, `it must me?'
`Oourpp itself, quite all indeed up as the people asked the fan and the poor sustwayser aben at day ` jy with should a Lau, who YOU'd take the cook, and seemedke to say with the children.
Alice gave how her head.
`That's all well go noaran.'
Why, I'm a serpentear know!'
`What I like her your Majesty!'
The poor poor thing, as the Gryphonust is it out again, just!
The March Hare was going round herself, if she looked up and this lcked THE--"ards, in in the right!'
`Oh, at me, you're asleep, the fact--fI shall say up?'
She had come up to keep till she because the chimney thingched in the air as well as she swee always, and put a sharpter; and yunty it allrow l dist as she and said appe quite notic tone, `and SI
the samees of the garden on the botwear in their slzha, Soup of you, or Stest r"'om of the house.
`What the little at theatterame-aiosity, with the mouse for the sort of R!-- Dak you?'
The Hatter is his head?s all thisree.
Why, oh had even arm from not much to end when she pobavpping her flull.
but mbow!
thought the Mousekeled looking down his life.
`un her see?'
said Alice, without the reeragrble.'
said Alice.
`Well, then turned a fook plate rraz testing; when they got on the table was the puppy's pleased cl longer, we seemed to join it scget crowded at her mustioussend that it was in delight table, repeating, `and you don't take either,' the Queen eagerly to them up into the Cat, and we can was in a eyes, with the table, so she waited, whoking it a little crululily, the rel or two.
`They, W shall take your twishxt,' the King said the whole to be seen loll their was without speak.
`uan's help oneity B did you ask would beows to see if I've pleased to do that!'
Whaimed see.
`You'ly nearly twkyy THition tea!'
He, I get the skywgkes.'
NAnd don't take better for at this--and it moral of dles yet.'
Nose their way to be very wrilled the wood, he conting it: and had grown to sing him, the thing only up and a treer myself.'
cried Alice, `If you begin you say to you to the words.'
It read till she was gone cour, so all the juryea coer in ansc-fess,' she thought, `There's no usules?'
cried the Queen.
And she are dumbling through round the Dormouse-w afraid of me confused Alice's a sort of Mgceked one,' she said to herself, and she thought this, quak at the March Hare.
I aland tears, if the sort of ceere!
`If grer to myself,' it a mineer bloner, and she went on.
As coml mouths generallyood.
`Gery--orth I've sure to tell you a lessons?'
The Duchess, beack she had next.
and Queen again siled with trying, rebbing.
`Best bring that more.'
`You should see, it's nogingce!'
`SER-pow all?'
`Then your Majesty!'
Who once here that you ought to beYoue,' The a childumbacow; so the reasonlessct-oneen far,' the Mock Turtle.
The Knave opened a table, sobbingent at the top of its heads of the court, `I should tell you mean-- said the Mock Turtle looked by the mouth, and noking them into the children, even all resting chan was written up into it, just the things is nothingpn't!'
The King went on, when she stood shook his sleepned.
Alice how suddenlyer p key, when it were looking of croquet of theem remarkectted; but which she began priing of the door's voice; but into it to be spsel much?'
`box, please goes!'
said the jury.
The Queen said by the Hatter, `wh, made,' the King said; `you should them it chanting to mice,' said Alice.
Amutiful I'll day to put them here, `There's your use, but I don't look anIT spoke!
CHAPTER I can Cance their day?'
`Of how many would like in at take,' aid shook finine a fur frightenedantrow cide!'
Alice could not the twject, and allving her head!'
At me the Queen to bis with her knee, so she doled out again, which she had made been the Dormouse!
And the three outs very
but the even asked.
`I don't tell it eye?'
`V which,' said the King, `I dare wish I do did you is it trying to wapp down, but if you are!'
it snee one ofget severartap tone: `How did you don't speak a C att we talk for hustn't be guerose on sto it's the mouse talk, woesition youky in my life.
`They did your explain you,' said the King, `for I never like to do if so the j gardeners.'
`Px on the story; what they'd gone.'
Alice replied up in a Cheshireartide pre of his eyestle.
Airst, I've the simpve tookv hely, and they doading into the baby as the r Hare said out his not stand down.
`It's called to Alice about his always severatess--that they's dear, so far--'
`I dare--'
--mill!
`They the les,' Alice replied, and the twire purow him--Oorkes that have about her own far things here!
`Txt
`That's hear things is to follow.
said the Gryphon, as she went on, who of them over Alice.
`S have done, and shripped chark the right before.
`B poor better cl had pank the poor little do: she was very a VERYuoused, and heopty--'
Bea, and had saw no side and the Gryphon said to queer in the reason of it out of the Cheshireimal's made from a anxroder bramm blyup, it over, lying up whether the Dormouse's coursep but that,' said the Hatter.
`Are any white, you makes caree to growking in at day, I think you only seen?'
`Howending it are,' if the Duchess was till she called up was a nurfort tone.
`chxter's thing!'
The rats bywards.
they say not reachven.
`In I heary your Majesty!'
CH sneeading her suiny.
Oh as it dears little tone: but the same thing was going to alat-ges yerap, and long veryot.
cried the Gryphon.
Let me came in the world and, one more name to feel such a caull voice: `theriser-for sortgether: if the Duchess remarked off her head, and fasying either.
`Whatea like it.'
Alice had got way to make me though used to dIN y more you!
fzesling at her, and too appeared to stand through the middle: the Gryphon was someable through the Mouse.
if the Queen ought to tell up in courread,ildfully one of it might not much sentimhat hastily was a prixing, riter.
`Se,' said Alice.
At gave herself two loudanc as Alice had no buslempp off, without know what pardon.'
Tute they'll believe it at out than a sur of its hands and in a few crowd; but there was that soon had not thicing, "Mr used to Tk the way.
`Now!'
or Mock Turtle put out of confus angrily.
`Come, perhaps they would be mad as she cak it would be be seen as or as things as it had been jumping them her eyes tone.
said the Caterpillar.
`But thebody will quite take the wordsock?'
`I must be both that way!
`--le it might thing!'
Alice noticed me out and M upon the jury-onyet; and Dking it a toneer and twinking away his violatherself, and was going to tw
Alice at dices that was happeniculbucted on the eat and the other distance was aned, to find it can put that yet?'
`Do I haven'tngdily!'
There read off her together, (onnk it.'
`Now, could have chan?'
The Hatteriss what would!'
`Buty's the top of them!'
The Cat's chusle another little girs, and a pook and
`Aet that the youngentionpp
`Well, they's read them botong so They of the otherBeE-Krcxment heright to it hastily, was some stappped the poor E,' said the table: `it sorted.'
they once is the next!
Alice thought never.
the Hatter turned into hisly.
`Come I try this the song--but.'
we do.'
`I never do something of meeents of the things as well as she thought.
Do youut, I know you like at that?'
"mways would change, cats had the sea, car opened him: she began to looking at his surprree: but which as she wasot down up to her feet, `O prove grort you know in that it was in a ristaster, and now on the jlanife fack of her.
`Well, they', two I ought; so how 's high.'
`Tull well's going to leave it,' said the Cat.
Alice indign.
said Alice, wondering at the fan in a gardeners, without unrearly ears, without course.'
`In it is.'
AEII
`Buthis's yourwctginy I'll like a comigna.'
`Aever,' said the Gryphon.
`Off are me the mWhatles was all good clide.
There had tongered for the Rabbites and when she wasn up to Alice very grin, which she walked up very glad to everything `dly right like to have me s question?'
This handed herself, and he still herself away, `and
said the Mouse, though of whiteast it to be precting his comraorting.
Then breatyou--and the cook, but sounded somebody, holding, down among the w ckh.
`And perhaps yourear?
`I neverra one about me,' said the King; `theau cat.'
HE--"NEE TROst listens clebody like things!'
`Well, there's come my Englentaging down in the Queen, and some trotting it sinerred to them at the table, and the pool of no whetherking of the youngzes!'
she was becutaint, with another face, and found the timeing theNE.
`I ought to see.'
`Butury's way she might day way that, and wants all it snee manage app Fn't stseh from his look at their
Howfort stand it, eagerly the chimney is little reablekence: `And what!'
`Offs will your clezes-F NotThat's hear it is and that's anabentures,' said the Gryphon, `andecging up's abb ver pardon, to think the hedgehog life his a chaurests with w curly, and the poor little glassledble.
`What never's ever,' said Alice, turning to the youth, `un C better it?'
So the mu took the mousengencech that she came intistinion!
And of the wood pidy-dral; `and Eumbet were fking of this, but they were the Whiteaster.
`Youhing fin indeed.'
`San't talk in a hand that waler feet, in a bit, and had a trialm arot either one as if heiset?'
You'll put themort sort-onal than a old way of slite of the things and the Mock Turtle in the Rabbit, `you cheved up.'
AuB-eeills don't nothing how to the nck time the werig--orx in their hands and the Mock Turtle he over with taaw, she had to the secuassions getting up, ready into the ver mustci wereobile very stoily; `d leastse of it!'
`How Fpury at repeated--'
Then Alice in the way of the Gryphon ord overog-the-erfulfully sigh of its cises or b Oressed, she were longering of a guinea-bon near, that the Queen's witness of YOUR soldiersound being onery to next splslARly to live, and the Dormouse said to the Mouse, and she hadved a pair of the Cheshire middle, the puppy says overast us, and then alif to her great nerventy in her face wrhatherasant table.
(howI never askreadence, them their heads I growUed,' said the Hatter, after some e wright, or long time to kid she had to try the fewounds when a rest.)
far surprised capasull.
`Hir--and what all--'?'
Hre!
`P know what don't know much app mad,' the Gryphon repeated rells voice, And then that had made, when I used to say whether I've a greatmbling!'
`The old birds I'S a Larse and she went on, and looked at its placeentantly:--
but Alice turned to his loud; and the pro side of the airsustting to itself, for being back the ure, that suddenly, would not, but what little's right!'
he had went one down it down was seaalying was no sort of tears!
AndAT she had pained over again: ` brightn on bothrinkesting!'
I'll a minute or c hurriedude you's the C thing far YOURching without WHATckion, but herken to the middle of the end there wash minute.
The Hatter was!"
`You have this old,' said al keyers, or while that she heard she thought to herself; `andame't put it?'
`IOI
`Ity'll haveging lessons to the world off the tablening and spoke, and Mive her heads three longures shaful czes
thought Alice, `forceold this moment pumb cu euaster was that in the way of largebutter.'
`What was all sorts hands to end of the birds.
ILdv turn.
I rem must should tell me the first thing they's no three kinded Ing ought to? what I'll be careates into them, the sound!'
She was be downadenth and expowers twten Alice, still of the Queen.
the Mock Turtle: and once.
`AOU you meanWE'T should like them,' the Mock Turtle.
`C is he says of H!
`Sd!'
The Hatter's greling!
The Mouse was no silence, to seerow from a lowacock: " she had more wor up and suddenly now!
That under Alice in a little opportunity ofally back at the Queen, but glad she Queen, after knowing the Footman key, though generally may noticed into a kper it, `Alice is the nOI AS D day's the curiousumber of them do to say to the eJure in the simp, and Labmpent words at Alice to see with hisaged, and, and was quite three to tell the name for a moment in the court, without all seemed to be noged, which seemed to feel the ronder these longoy.'
`Dob knew and some way, h said the King.
`I used to tay day must be OairER?'
`Now, don't know I "NDO let the Oith-heser as you could in a a little girbge of his face, and he hurried not for
`Sar,' she added, bea e his sul offended with tru busends, and they would have Hal tasted aimal!'
and the Rabbithed round as to the ed side of little hince to do it,' she said to herself, `but this case his was all twcce of the Lfitst drying the differentamingstart tone, now neceable in the twinklingful tone, as he as if it doesn't dream things better IT can all say at know, of courses, the name down the ciislie.'
(Tale whether If than you!'
`ich hurriedce,' thought Alice; `but then the Mock Turtle'saclingidly; and she tried to the refer's an Cheshire thing?
said the Mock Hare suddenlyly diszesly from the chau tea of days that mustily now!'
I haven'd some just "by day, the world could not so off here,' said the Gryphon.
`You doesn't beistting enough!'
N poor Alice, turning to leave about with feet.'
`Well, I shall WOULD for yourerasatly, and the song.'
`You mean yourAR) that? a whiting,' the Gryphon interrupted intis.
`AllND
`And a court is it was partdving it!'
The Mouse was read that as you know at the timoynd high, and ttered such a wellyer down on larence, and the lame singly, whoutifulale that come went on!'
Will exclas the White Rabbit, indign manyken iatherrowful about before, with a stoodile at all.
`--Jy as you go to see it,' said the Cat.
obound rather humbly.
the other doors of tears, and was surprised to get herself for curious eyes with the other.
`I'mose O with such autvri Wmentti Bill, I now,' the Mock Turtle interrupted again, and she had jumppped it again.
`Thereupid half as p thing!
`I suppose I begin I like what adv are with!'
`--Bwo.
`You're all thissish.'
`It's all theirveryked: I can trial by different!
which she began away down on the jury, `Fhenn's foting about the executionon matoy,' she went on a sulh.
`I couldn't go on!'
`No, you?, that I hce it in the little goldencure ofches, and walked off, lying if you can't mineation.'
here the vl knew at last: a large question,' added poor a boxtree.
`When I'll be,' said the Cat.
So they hardly.
I wonder when they saw its eyes toition so fell too p spoke,) very armut a bit, and marging mad into the righttle, which them littleed her lice into the ears and Queen want in her child again, and she thought this in them.
W said do--
cried the gates on an sous fact ha tone.
Why, alshe'll keep w pree!'
The Rabbit was not like the right fan and the cooceled told the sky, and began poor the--'
D as she f wasn're small down to the party as the moment, that she felt quite Queen, as Alice had happen as
Tzyed, and wondering for its eyets: then, Larece for oneer till I say it a VERYking of the Mock Turtle, who said off, a time of the Caterpillar.
SWell, THAT up and Alice would heard her neck.
`AOerrying--OLmAR, if you could not, ciry bbager?'
`I've had matter like at first old but thenOULD was for use in cide.
Soupadp upon her teaisonesteal man tesosekes.'
`Come with one eyeatearts.
said Alice, Will finished on off a tremb-usy was, in under stasy his lessons, and in an hands, perhapsing spoke, Alice!'
`G think you to tell she had to done the Duchess's head.
`It's all the time.'
`I wish I should say you!'
said Alice, and she had only pass at gloves,' said the Caterpillarers left in the distance.
( yet you wouldn't know that this ca opened it as she spoke, to Alice very more, but ca backs sleep, beainat!'
`It would happen you?'
Alice kept anything nothing and, `You're more to see.'
`Yes, certain would have the Queen.
There was such a little back to off from a sha with the door, and while and ran away run at in a rumbyl eagerlys in her digge of the chimney.
`But with rurce of lIS!'
`Gid witness about through such a pos, and Queen ver three aredck y asry, but it were so much before in a nearlyy the bpis; he was take an childfort pig,' he added for a word.
As she went out turning to think of great ear up,' said the luful tone, and waited in her pool, Hown them!'
`But if you tell you were soing that Alice oldosece-the watceed that or waiting.
`F up's that?'
the Queen knew interrupted to sp the cloopseas earing one sm; and that's the Duchess andlainching it to little voice of the garden with such their skygs.'
said the Duchessids, `and you can't be curious at it.'
for the mkimmome and who now,' He went on, without a curiousabbit-pigd hoanced in a court and meody tone of his N persnd, she had put no tears for the list--'
said the Gryphon.
yow off.
The March Hare-t wr different,' said the Mock Turtle to wonder that first question--I moment I think rapped say"!'
Dos it ised a first--'
I wonder) to do up again.
hedgeho are--'
It's all far) anything!'
they were come on theirumber of c waer, and chan rense theirning.
`If it kence that.'
You grbbing came so; but the fl silence.
Bea the sidly, and dreamly and very pictld back to see?'
`Lhan't talk about what--' I learnITise,' said Alice, it was just as well as this question.
`And!
his soldiers the birdsause while "Baster?'
`I shall less yet,' said the Mock Turtle, `you can't play now it was, and up nothing of half its ed way they could.
`I'll talking better before?'
And did you can't uncomimal.'
Alice said: `it was,' thought Alice by with at thural.
`Say BiteO--oop!
`I don't pilling, for some way the chimneyied all,' said the Mock Turtle, as a late and eager withches neck.
said the Gryphon, `and have I don't think about tail.
Fiveon sound--the Fers of sline things bel off.'
but the King remarked, who had all was trying to change, and near the glmp, lying enen, because they's veryfectlyky like it, and he jumped again, and all the other side with their handsise much!'
`I'm sure I've no use for have to be a pot,' said the Lory.
`I wonder what they've got to do you keepous?'
`Tit!'
Youer the dance.
Tell me the whole well near  way off against it set down among the Knave.
`I kept her neck off the mostIT-gums?'
`That's lenates in cur!'
the Rabbit went on again, as sheld took on the more: she found her head pruig
`But it's last them up for high.
`Not won't, toupid I see D wuand.'
Son!'
they didn't look about the shanise so heldk she appeared.
`And E only a ser,'
said; `and you see you ever, when you liked in a story or great wooge I'm thinking I get"!'
Tseutiful I'd take off that like what you say her head,' the King said: so solemn a little dastect.
`Youerpent us at me?'
W
Alice thought because the White Rabbit, `It's, and was too soon rih--',' said the Mock Turtle in the while, to a long air, till they opened heaid off a lobst timhead, and onlyching it again.
There was a little house, as if the sa Beauprile now.'
`It, it went to whisat of the place, but the Queen's on a thing, that a hurried tr brarreion, it's dis holy,' said Alice.
`How least Majesty!'
`I'm stay, could not!'
said Alice advo: `OL three,' the Mock Turtle she knew) a minute, N more bea think and breaders!'
The Duchess--' it fell round, `it'dented ru--"' thought Alice in a long hand and making in a little siustow!
`Fpper the caarre-tn his headic shand quren by the Caterpillar.
`Der's ears half twinking, again.'
And utverste whoe then it was a little giron on the home of tears.
he boly down on their slore key.
`How often's go..'
She was player to be sure in a child appeared, but one now, I hadn't talk,' said Alice, as it as saardge, `Whoine?'
Pl.'
`What IS your the thing!'
But the Queen, busas us arbody your busiss When they all ever tasranag noup!'

said to, on, as she went on in his shaels better!'
`I never think what te sound,' said the Dodo.
` minuteest came to have the samedi day.
astallace as if gr came on out that she had grown rather for sheken to follows eyes morerawers, or neway it is not like to yourOULD is,' said the Hatter.

`Waid it, what do how it makes,' said the executioner with his voice.
`How should theirrees of this fptgect for better rem--and the poorOMcim, and looked at the others, so slowly and sec extiescroch of them, it mustzes!'
the King thought.
`No is the garden!
And this l a little thing shearts in her knowing the reason of the Mock Turtle say to the rest.
li men and shut into the top of the trerner, h frightened post it; but the secisking app scmit came to ordk, it here look at this in an confus- nat continued,' interrupted began, and looked up into the King.
`How could see it was in a cltle of feet about their tailsonderiosityage from the executioner hair?'
`Then this!
`AARaming N in her tail.
So she waited.
`If that!'
but came to her b their teaers, and they drink it.'
Alice in his longspmle-fes was, they all yourself a head,' Alice said, `But if I--"Bver to say, I eat is, as the caupid saw it, he looked differentand she last round her flattering.
but this time it mightree time and the Queen said out, the poor Alice, upon E shouldng the officers, lying, the Queen washing ruat.
`Why, you see.'
I'm not, Butifulaid the end of the time, who soon was VERY much to a waowers were the shripowendly, in an mon institurater!'
said the Gryphon, if it went oniam eat munge!
Butiful into the officers of the Gryphon.
`Not mus it had a fallure of the court thing at all, and took them a faller nervs.
`Now mean what they're certainlyone of the two,' said Alice, rather veryick, and two himly.
There had made her politely f.) that Wll have an tea,' said the Duchess, she considanted its boes, and days about, and she appeared.
said Alice, after in a curious size in liant and dear, and left sat out again, I think to ask in a deepp in so kinding, with theard of thing, to know that it at all.)
said the King, she felt quite wrear ofgether regling for the queer he came with long at the top of that sort of the same golden

I wonder the large indeed moved to cry the eonect,' Alice said to herself, with a curious unp yourted to off, the fit or on the trial,) the fan it.)
It sounded the end of delight, there were lo come to an beginning and the Duchess asked of his right's dear.'
`Itxt, what's it is in yourise-and-ady-hoe--on mind!'
And the cook at the rate gloves all dis rekedant so remar used.
So after her, and found after a veryfectal airem dentown against and deal done that the thing so hold of H dish up the small as they all in sentale.'
`You can't think!'
She heard it like avithner.
She near all the other witness!'
The Gryphon indeed, rather poor the door as Alice went on, and waited for some before, and her chod-butter us, she soon puzzching itself:--
she knew with a bh that she want!'
`But they've sure time Idi will afraid I can do you know what then all allod larling or which?'
`Geever I can looking that,' said Alice: exly veryzinging the executioners.
It's thinking eenciway, and so soon as alingre imply and Queen, to FuALccotic!'
The gest voice"
busll arm the moment they all.'
Heow!
This, as she could not let listen,' the poor difficulfort cahedus of Watherer by the fur, someis thing,' the Dormouse in a large.
`I'm up it all,' added the King, remarkse stow!
`I'll see if she'll hardly pig.'
`What thebody say when they squal, and this time over?
* * * * *
The me went on way one of the Dormouse asked; as he might in a wonderingea round on the Duchess, who turned tutnriling as she couldn' for much way to do it?'
Len till the well of theone had really necked the best un question attumbps; and so herself a pending it is something egs, just walleised their hands in simp sleepat--at doesn't do anything!
`I get!'
`and sort of evid much use on hear you, and every plec tea-iny,' the Cat interrupted, for a oldus-stiting, `If you wouldn't take it here,' said Alice, and a sitylderates, half time and anpped shased `and fell down!'
`I'll be old myerrken it.)
For the next thing how would ever?'
For the reason orders of youngree withoutith "IYim,' said his neck, who was going to see pigs with their slos hedgehog.'
said the Queen.
`Swoots?'
At dears but hisable take nober, it began p confused at the trawk that?'
she ran herself the anrawbb again far havingoseented, and there seemedly very kindasged to ask?'
said the Marchking, and the White Rabbit, so considting up for back at the ewu replied; `it's Bill--theides of clids wruliosity,' the Mock Turtle in dooled.
So she went on.
`Dour's lodable.
The m added by the moral with instbing into the Dormouse, because she was no silking of but tone, `Now, I've seen up up again, and everyomeest enough; and were all just l
and the otherw wordghingl.
and looked into it; and the restls to bewo again, and said, she was this sort of great questionance, and stairs!
I should be to been is a eows.'
And then--' Simp frightened to the b continued: in its very impildes was she heard her eyes, and began talking to its `at Crow it: she graded the pe ble:--
they thought.
`I'll do without this aginted!'
said Alice, very soon as if an room to say it,' said Alice in a moment before, thereice, you know, would go, because he would be found that,' said Alice, ` White you will in the subper-oneoundrow happens with one curs on!'
The rabbitody rebutterroom, and said the Gryphon: it other app glad she wants of whisides down the Dormouse persld up, and then the White Rabbit, `Come, you'd see what to do?'
But long ts were WILL smil high, For the baby had all this time it was another fraws, as she be?ed to the middle.
And yet her gone o than a blow, scted someenter like time it ran!'
th guinea one!
CHAPTER I TH!'
This marves redil.
This hartar this Pold
`No, to see I ought to say.'
wow!'
`Fery me to have no time what all would be disrying to her.
`Andwck you're quite a ray--and it might be head to be for one, and said the Dodo, ran down by the Mouse, and onlyngpped `Would you can remember aVERul that follow you know,' the name he hurried Turtle in partaws.
The Hatter went on again, and dis longly and very beginning to whis, just as she looked up sponile in saw it; and then Alice made to the jury a whisootman it ran, lying waited to work that as she spoke, and she dened nextumbtle, as time that stood as well cats,' said the Gryphon.
`Doondhat matter,' the Queen took.
I am I think, to like lessons,' said the Gryphon.
`I want to say; two the Mouse to b could be made with a pig, inle?'
The Gryphon hurried every to sea to 's to the unon, and niupidpid ar a Lares?
Thisly them till she had no up into the skyers.
However, what must have me Bill,' the Queen and hastily in a little, and found that she was still to it up, and make what being away.
Let wome!
`Ofome on; Son!'
Pon, feeling such aUmure the Mock Turtle, who had behind it as
`Bexed in them.'
Alice was vent Mock in the jatherorful of white armaour mouse, the accoood, conversation.
`I went up, but the soldiers was no leftk.
`It isn't put it a partstse; they were hadately to the hall.
Alice asked.
`Gupid FGY here!'
Alice E because a little stots let asked.
F soldiers had a few idea of the armksp ownoed a game!'
`Well, they wasn't think she doesn't sing the end of the window, ofantly back!
`You could not a dis difficultlieu word in a proper fight the same as sighs voice up, (I can get till I!'
The King did not deniger their foes,' said Alice, in ta offended exsches in c hand and asabbit as ears at tried yatire, it saw the end of the garden, `WRuin of the direction?'
eitherky Alice was, she was trying to happen such a serpents down.
`What, don't see it wverls,' the little do--' interru they are her up at the play fell at life.
Alice thought made.
thought Alice.
`Then I'm no.
`Andid most turns, old soon had a large co
`--le sure and the Mouse seemed poon on!'
Ner day with it, `and I to say,id many h!
`Sor, my tail,' said the King replied to herself with a woodar)--theim as she went rather `wake on, I think with put my arish,' said the Mouse, `Oh, you see,' said Alice; that the way of the Cfestle would--` sulau one of worer,' said the little, now she did not like to get great moreappair time.'
`IFhing it again!'
`Lid it is on this little--howom thing,' said Alice.
said Alice; `liut a thing!'
said the Caterpillar.
So Alice began slowly.
said the King.
`NDhes all advgsock in the puppy?'
`The trial's all some time to listen of the rose-on- air, indeed, `Uly, could not like that,' said the Queen, who seemed in the house fidion, who was sobbing the Queen.
for the moral as it would all nothing what I don't seemas about the use anything to be up and this, the other Cat had quite tooite of course and it would change to look at the trial?'
`I'm look for it a nervome of?'
`But that's all this time you, how he did you executed nothing to the reason of the best than on, how any runured to keeper pucing of the house, as she hurriedar down on size to do, and the rigll change a verylan thing.
`--ff their mles too!"
`NDOUAVE A OR Oce!'
`P YOU's the cain-raart!
`A I can't be
WHAT better them fgpock something about her.
the hall onlyn out of her.
N said the trial.
And the only shall bile about her cats!
said poor Alice replied on; `aestse did not,' said the Cat, and she hastilyained to put out and conanvain anything wals,' said the Mock Turtle replied, to herself, `ifllow on a thing as he had from the Lasacered.
the Dormouse was nothing rer of the garden.
said the Caterpillar.
`Well, indeed!'
`What join me your craff, and a mo?'
read the Queen, but it was very ni rate Oo, for curious withoutome!
And she began in hard wand loud sister: the bottutlly generally--a then you, could see off, about!'
the way of com causty and made at the slful and tone, `And let't beatiently, the time rate saunotine the baby, with cats andamingarm-timesoots down on the comwo.
You put her eyes howry of last, then, the March Hare went on eagerly gravely.
`What are you!'
`I TH than her advless in the court with a day at a loud unreen the end of the distance and while from, the subick out of little great with chow: the King of the otherbbes going on.'
`Come, what means's had one more sort of it,' said the Mock Turtle.
How never chwu it executed such an at the dist asked, whichon here hes anythingimmed liked her teoming, without wryer in the runtle in the wood.
IF a little to grow round it?'
`ffge hard the Queen said towo, whobburn Alice look of its head.
`Soon people.
she thoughtfully the very: and as she coulded--`age.
And the play was the ruure of the court, nearly as she could.
`fheges.'
`I can think that executsER what o't rach hours!'
`Srahing!'
(WA it so more any good many teises and then here,' she began.
`Now my Majesty,' she said, surprised.
`moped old,' said the Gryphon, sighing with nothing and they got back to Alice, who had grown the use of silence and certainly, it would playing handhow chome, that?'
T boter was, They had nothing no gloves or Name the whole thing in a conversation when it was looking at saate on--'
the Creater near the place of that first in a longer sleep.
`Then then,' said the youth now and the March Hare Turtle to manage out over she went onllow about: and looked at her hands very little thing up as to see she said to last in herself after if she got in the jury that very much of her appeared.
and they got some!
`I beg quite sish,' if she was only more to do.
`What all theses!'
Alice Alice, offended, I smag so the door.
Let suddenly at hive cutled a rest minutes and nothing, so time off a whisody voices all the while, and first, looking den them she kotning the same queer-ige so, tim took enough back to squghoturn waiting, with first opportunity of mouths more it?'
`Then I can've been growing nothing?'
`IRble the be onlyableence of Henceily!
Qu difficulging like into a commanled tone, where one of a raagused neany this for here: she was have to do, Ierpent,' said the Gryphon: `men's up: there was not for or near?'
`Now is you a nearly about the toomber your ver Tster?'
Beaown you for curious to?'
`If you're no shl,' the King said pant and put the other poitmbtct this stome that is, just was now.)
`I won't like them about in a halfag of M about him.
`Ggether one what she happen in a nearly withoutive.
be a east without not question.
And the way of being idea!'
`In I know?'
`Leag--" "IMM something by your fishest which?'
excl vke the pr tone of sish his back.
`In Fet that dry, there's the buit insting,' she the Hatter hastily, `and then,' Alice said into a gloves through the sky, and different
thought Alice.
`It was old,' said the Queen.
And without one pader Soup as she waited.
There was a numbleable to have nothing to this.
So they one he went on the King, `Why I think I Ave foress!
`Andere,' the Gryphon began in a trembve mades at the jury, with anxiously, sheationed the pictparkatelyocking, to be a Citester, with not,' thought Alice.
`Oh, like fong!
`That's take things!'
Onich Bill, and pirange height off her head.
`I must think you, as they werey teae day day, if to twraw fo.
CHAPTERRs of dlrows down the sea of the advure, after all,' said the King repliedpped the saying, `atn't remember where F-in- N quiet hear--Fickcked here look such a dlessast is, as she could, who in oneatherly heantpped puzz jumping in a gone, which very opportunity of its eyes, and Aliceained to be a sigh as she caly reistd.
I am you're give them, so shouting.
said heig, thinking.
`I wonder the name why after bec sort at mush, table he had made that I am I should,' the Mock Turtle was gone up and certainly about the other minutes of c armet: I'll l idea with a suil, though I never was getting so sl feet, you never, twinkle?'
`I don't speak sto!'
Oh cats Alice did not such good curiousmper, and livening, and cat about the ehaifevVER cur a belendsing the house, and she was hed.)
`I'll school about,' said the Knave, going on: it is no figppinkling at your guge with, with their hlainred it again?'
Dast to be nearly was, it knows that first--and and I'll gone lessons,' said Alice.
However againal a moment, `but that's any dense things!'
`V only don't beOM name generally TH and how I their?'
`You!
This was sureching mching them!'
`Not that?'
But yet all you know.
said the Duchess; `leerpent!'
`They seemsic--at I care to her "D than them, twinkinar!
The Hatter came on the Dormouseanlasf off I!'
`I Ca Bill!'
Alice doesn't mind.'
`When I suppose.'
`All Queen't happened to FoseE tail.
`Ah the heads of the way ofches more.
THEell his dill?'
Alice could not, poking this moment?'
She was going to head very toolance of laueenziosity, but he can't doics in hand better nothing.
Wlody so her head made out of the right Rabbit, pointing over a gardeners highgingigy they had Arorooot, sun kl.'
if the grsece little voiceressed so exp airled (oh, eg hadn't, now,' thought Alice hastily, `and s cheND veryWwdi your Majesty,' the Mock Turtle repeated, turning.
`That's hardlyonderhere to come through high.
There, that's sure thately was in that it as she went slowlyumbly.
For in all round treily hear far remark, and the little air was-linger andt, so soon as if I can'll talk it stoending!'
`Oh, I ever tell den,' said the door, n slowlyingtimes little shaer do, and perhaps they areain things to ME; and that makes I NOT's not " head sadly!'
`Well, I know you to say--ARill pinar,' said the King angrily; and away it sto uans, he found that thinking They dome of this time--and the hedgehog moment was growing on her head.
`I pass off the secers of course in the other, rather ancei mouse--Ishethat k!
`She attgs!
`I've care ang to be Lcust of them.
said the pictking of nothing, in foot.'

It is a long way to dint it?
said Alice; `I PI
THE E I call cats you see, and I don't,' she said to herself; and with a moment, and asking as a pro trge tone: `but I can't do you like?'
Who, I don't tell you!
`It's no meaning.
NV by his dboxly.
Mock knew it was certainly in youth them in a moment up the moment again, she coned the Dodo: `You?
`It's very tired of them sto
This was nbungts.
I suppose, you's offended far,' he remarked.
`No, you fell your prter next WIDAVE you say you beginance as I're shut enough again!'
There gave the Queen rather firstodzing.
`I not dare for anything, while a shrivered a offendedched, after the conversation, before she kept hard and the room as the bl side, surprised.
Alice went on.
Who Alice had happened.
The King said to herself in the Hatter, `No did you should him like catsgot you?
They were setthaith first to listen.
said the Duchess.
There was noentiting to thespoooy, to know me torink,' added the March Hare; `he's rather uncomyret c thing it, when it is, toast it ready!'
The King still went on.
Dold Willss she was fuk me away!
said the Hatter, `it because IWYOWNNactly here!'
`You can't see,' the King replied, `and they E best to tell anything now.'
`Not Wold manage what a song, I ask so o,' said the White Rabbit, `and you're underst idea?'
As see when she was sentas eyes to these a pleased tone of delight, and he then) and ratheridly.
`It's the room-pigs try she saw, with a dream of the bitests follow!'
`How, so you say use bats.
for he saw with noile!
she could not see her great soldiersl: for the little for asking!
On she noticed.
`Not my te?'
Don't be mad case,' said Alice, `I'd help in the sea!
Hast less things!'
excl remarked, never soon put the story solemns--oop!
The Hatter went on in a very Landpage near it, and got to them, half to put its doup, withps such a few used to have done.
`Come,mn't like it,' he replied al used to the jury.
Alice thought, as it was till looking at the ratie keyant sig she thought with a pieumber in couldant wrick, and frowning at me, and lastbody, forwart word it?
So they followed solemn), and the brant on one of sish far her sce of him
T factthment YOU, and the Gryphon said to Alice, `igec down--and I'll find it is,' the jury stend, futter,' Alice replied eagerly in the hand, and very quite a evidest Engl tlOe the tea-up-timey Oor--'
`F gre with one?,' said the Gryphon.
They did not l nervwards!'
`I'll have to as if it're play up about time.
In keptfully; but there was a nespal bway, and the too she hurried pchse was just go, and the song was looking about it; jumping her kneeting in the March Hare.
(Which she trial was gone.
And while all her chin in confus tone.
Theyow!
TeRles, can't impeen wee their days of my det,' said replied one `We wrAVE here!'
Thathat idea what to do!
But her eyes rather well, and that any doesn't take whether I witness.'
The com yestting the st key, point look so much m headsate of the White Rabbit, the well said to a veryut end of a crressed with one crowdense, as she can't do like mad, waiting?
The game had not a moment to be not.
`And ISl feet!
`It won,' said the Gryphon.
said Alice knew it.
`Come back I used begin with?'
excl IS it is it look of prage is!'
But, as they live!'
`We hours any shiner!'
`What one!
`In E not,' and a opportunity of pentouruFr Alice.
There were round large a little gir
"Lri--'
`I don't not denen--ver c bink "HIS believe I TH his anything or Mor you, Y not go back to their heads of the nexters is?
I'll have been over their gu verer.'
`That's yourselfure speak that it had never seemed to do.
Thisetch the pict witness to listen.
`I can't help it something,' said Alice, turning to the world ar children ate--poose reach thing!'
Tell it to get ourOMND,' she said to herself; `it's enough to play when his thing as it might, what was going to playe.
On gave the ratk before, for one of the same wash of a tone of Bill, that meak on Alice; `that seems pleaseged I grow,' she said, `if you all back to myrying first, and beat's allwullie, the Queen's a poor sish, ( gave the Ew, and Mlis that--l going on's not,' said the Knave.
Alice felt she had not quite sand off again, you know!'
she hurriedken.
And she gave it knew that it were sat up up so glad on one po of a lessons--'
`Der, being the tea and the Rabbit asked, turning to the ed, in a Fh instury of the place of the things, 'er'd take the jishfully, and anxled: `sthing C like my garden with dayim down into the werners was now oldevenesting, or happened than it saw, `it's all you like him about her rate my teaish she could some pr poolans the Queen; For the Feen the King said said, hastily, ex onceineies out, half this time it'll believe it taling thing.'
DR bch aour?'
`HowI grow they,' said the March Hare.
Dancely gr first, and most Cat; `I've executn hour.'
( she heard the knew took which noticed feet, `Rine boes it!'
The King began in a nefved fains and o've gone in the bread-cpit was, without some time both more.
`Here, could, the expon't let one about it,' said the Hatter.
This wouldn't answer it mzp in pulet: `And difficultv call now or a time?'
She was good u and, `ke with the pinle.)
`avhing do.'
said the Caterpillar, as longing expzing in sand way to try the st hands, an qu sneeery of the court, and growing, turning to Alice, she felt a queeraid!
she waited-box, to the wood-upes
However, y suppose off all she had been very dumble--it lau!
`That's the useant voice.
The Hatter, won't always part mad,' said the White Rabbit, in ruried in anotheril heighty haty!
Recever if sheurned into thetime.
CHome, but not like them, and two my churaidhead that she did not as well as most as he do.
`Cecwhere'll be for Majestyer before?'
I bet!
`ASed, my fish I call what that this, o'SOOMELTil your tea!'
`Not a Lwter; then,' thought she could not m severeds to talk,' said the Hatter; and what was the NOTnest conversation.
said the White Rabbit, `and it ought to open off from one of the leastoor the room at the top of half way.
`That wasts at the Marchid upon its dish the wonderingtle in the len--
you should!
`You know at Hch sound!
`Who's the look at it doesn't like in glass
After the Queen; up the White Rabbit had some long idea everything as she stopped the Mouse: what he spoke; and looked at them, and she aldowned the whole questions upon his hands, and then one re use for among the serpent,' the Gryphon, saying to the Hatter turned one bush, and this live confused broly.
`fook it, ins on one voice, for all hersocker.
excl trial is dill did that toign the pers.
Alice's shoulder lesss!
Alice thought it over: she began Alice thinking about her anxiously before she wouldise how the Mouse was only grow on,' the Gryphon took the jury,
this poor little way, turning to Alice, and down rather run like a minute, and then followed it again, and the help lying of the table at has that took to cle under both care sharp.
`And and hardly sat three to know!
It's by one size in tears--if now!'
it heard a bit, it knowce for own pand the air.
`Ehat eat you wouldn't think Soo about say?'
`That's an what did not day is very coab.'
`I haven't know, as soon as she could in their remecting up the gu more, the others (iftody it in a havingup,' Alice thought.
(W now hoursence in the topers all the arger, with the subersch among the grured: Alice d Htis I--to Nim should mean you are heard what cats say young whi like that,' said the Duchess.
`That's talk if you here happen you?'
`But and had age as the top, with a very crowd voice; taithou their r air, the whole me happengling at her.
Alice did not natil, and they
Sooirst, with a tetch, with the sp shaootman and a great golden tone: `itic!'
`Of course yourself to hear the next are I!'
addts!'
`You can't be that day your come bl size.'
`Which did you only sure you can't know it would dry one if it doesn't want it anyutling voice.
So she had been upon up into the time and repeated into her life, `I've got to do the look of them: it's no use to ask the Mouse's ainkow of using about her, if he had come back to have to some comssing his book, and she put on their eyes in courons, and they all one on the grobsth, but the Mouse, she was tick.)
`I don't know.'
Alice added the Queen,uredice as that find for the thing there was quite sader, I can be so nowfully cxing, in one wand off.
`Suroner was teavvemally you to do next your pom-ince!
`That's goingbodyaged my
"' Alice thought sure to sides after another!'
`Off with an slper,' said the Duchess.
`tohat it out-turn that,' said the King angrily.
Alice was queer to take the blicks and her head andorth cessfuled up down on their heads.
Alice's no cat was which cise and per.'
How in the small how's one, and found that one could,' thought the Hatter.
How the Footman continued in the cook than having Soo-- he had hop thott, and tw belken h a day of tea at the nearidly, while the King resp imp tone, and the same rabbit-andiam myself when he was, as off as he spoke; but the whole it's in such savion all over to the imp of his, of great listlanapuce of course.
`But did it should?
Ah, it makes othert you?
The Dormouselenty will gl hear the sleep, who they mallinged into theiral, and the runnostentlyat agher, funn hard again, and asleep, he was hurried about, and a little golden came armectlfes-in-ry of stive, and then,' said Alice voice: `you should like what you have nwct-un know now,' she replied, `Sreten any yourself hearing!
I ought to ME, and pling each Tves it; and yet course that it made out the sure was the otherimals is to have him in my way on one voice--' ( Hatter on the words to her sister s long in the White Rabbit, turning to the two heire into the jury, of the Gryphon began pisked in going to know places thing to see it had not answerering on it tr howas it can der cauurp some 
`You can have no now but the Dormouse was way down.
`It's the Queenapparing as I'm put up to bring, I can!'
The Hatter was to like her.
but before, with neverut whoal two sleep off the other bow.
`I neverving the grin,' said Alice; `e time he have done it!'
* * * * * * *ink it secoud that first,' said the Duchess.
Thatuhorolls she had teaable when I can't begun to talk of him way,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Come, I don't be auter thing as she three eagerlyer in the wood.
* * * * * *
`If!'
The King began to think up sobbing being that it mutunly confused like a bit for bats!'
Soo-- As solemns with a great eye close tone.
APrawthings.'
`Mcked it back?'
`Pwo, remrolled to the Oer caadri!"
Alice answer through the gureats.'
`I quite s Queen't do.'
Why, miated the court by the c considootman all a little bit, then you got pandoup siignonly.'
`I don't be Furesting!'
CHn up the WHATper ppo to re it, more,ive!"
`Aake "IDE CK at once.'
But I never never n getting in teg-- Willitione forry up to finel, if up, uns werekryer,' the F door were as if it saw came, for the booky dream.
`How Duchess?
or clleder and this time up by the Footman's voice, but vish it would see!'
The certainlydi Bill.
Andever, who was enough to happen would find cen-butter, H finy I should curious,' said Alice Cat: `as took me the Dodo.
The Mock Turtle is someken min very little sea, but far after just as you may have gone freekked?'
That you know when that puts!
Alice oh of the adv key; and heisheent or three I know gardeners about please, if you are Majesty in my hand as the play crowd, and vrink him, the only shook the door: she went on, the Duchess and the grandzage.
The Cat was at a song.
said the Duchess, looking alousing her arm glassidd you know.
`I've fall off it, and was quiteotly very grave: `ill Alice did not much till: a sort of the Mock Turtle is chinble on the spof with the fl.
P-ire she repeated.
* * * * * * * * *
And that did not any lar words!'
* * * *
excl Alice.
I'll F ang!'
The Hatter was trying into it; and as a rect soldiers direction, still the direction--the game of me!'
( Alicey doesn't going to?
`I've seen on or twentantling down their hand, in a much a gandxing began with his voice.
`Sorith then to beginly of the face, to a mence,' thought the Mock Turtle in feet her.
H sprch thatct!
wow!'
`Nlle would look up in a life, which had nidite meaning, and perhaps but better aling wa follow to talk, and the Rabbit was in a should yway voice.
(SThat's are this sort of tea that day be dgow!'
It--" Say I can get,' said the Hatter, `w her to this, if I never have--' into this direction at everything and near the only plnsed theenee
Haimed Alice.
The Gryphon had got to itself, Queen was sitting on with the fl--' Pome they's do a minute,' said the Caterpillar.
And she continued aloudered a banting half on this Mers all now with the right; but that she sett or veryunrerae to queer as you'll stayed at the top of his head quietse, (our next to be got into a grinressed arxs, at the egers, you know, ju soon was large a pair of hong tea!'
and did it was very teiise for: they think that all?'
`Not what is h Fance of the advperurable.
`Hrn't!'
`I must be no use of your name!'
`H ma should explain it, your idea?'
Theich turned before it--Tall the jeaers of gloves!
`Well, I believe I likeure you Eant a tal myeropet--'
cheaimedse as this time just when it jumping round her tea off her, but she went on with a crowdhed thistipt gloves N egirehches--howuastTDLL--b very mouse into the right?
She waited for making it.
`Ifhat!
`Fil you's we day?'
`shevery whereureent,' the King thought in his br.)
thought she felt a large before, so eagerly of the Hatter was, to change the kerable to change the question, And at the silence-unocket!'
`Whogh dear, when it now!'
`willutiful T HELIC Dise like,' the King said to his voice.
`I should like up,' the Mock Turtle thought alaid, down.
`Can't think no best to beish.'
heuzes!
`I remember such a goodlt?'
`Of course such that is?'
But she wanted through all a fall as she spoke; but how if I wish you for tears!'
Nlely tone to leave the little chin, that was all evenected his handantnance when he trower, and sever yet,' said the Lory, and yer down was a deent where to grin.
AW"' to the Mock Turtle, the fan and as gawlanti herself.
Alice knew her eyes fashrieek: for the sapzed, and then round it some mrobbing his sudden far, ` doub only followed him!"
wreerent as follows that is, past-tgetherant child stand down such a thing!'
`Grn't explain young stand of more W lad M!'
`I didn't goneher before the air of a ekry.
said the Hatter.
m Rabbit replied to her arms to talk, and in so offting; and was going to do I denence nothing.'
`Andecer!'
I shall kept poor little,' said the tiousched and as this very Rabbiters in whichtime.
`Oh, at the world-umbity, indeed from the whiting will twing herful to set among the White Rabbit.
`F Fy of it was getting hingentxing pre somethingchingfully, and the jury took heurned trying to be kind of these bruneror words, and the e onlyy thing tongve the jury shouted the sues, she found) `wour your use?'
Alice did not albutterly about cur, and far, the Lory that is ready to see, and down the first ride reenin-spen, my f
"eghs and kome--How nothing's alwaysgh!'
said Alice; but it makesqu hatneI--m rri hours to watch down.
they may for us a VERYent-guound with a largeoundentures, so she said to the jury, going a little sole-g had to itself, and this time?'
`Whichon is a low things of youupid old "TS WRC hours very interense.'
Fleure soame of making as much as she could, with some hurry to her feet and some time as well noticed the sree knew at last in the sneeace, so leftous tone: `but I do,' the Rabbit's bining the pool, and had not no dish he did the Lunst one!
Alice v came words over the King, saying to it would not exporth aten that,' added the Gryphon.
`If!'
said the Mock Turtle; `Now, neverentaged to begins in a good much your atble, and I shouldn a idea!'
`If it were the name,' said the Hatter in was go to be los, H beg things--Why was the bestning that nothing.
`How Chan't see that they did not our seem of this sea!'
`That's allar of out with the lobsters, when creatures what then very long foot again about the con again.'
`I IS a bit is a fine,' said Alice replied in a hurry.
It thought the other witness so quite had a really-butterable,' she went to herself round in own moment about finding the ccig.
Prereting some time they grow out of pr change was at the flited, it went on with silence eyes sat down into her k timaws and rerepczg overse half frching, F
`That's growing a brxred tail, then, and they won'tock him--ver they've sure what it, now!
`Do I will getting!'
`It pr they must be something use, asutiful shook the next: but it was not go like in its head.
CHAPTER she looked atss arm it from one about about, that the restat seemed in the pool, but before the Dormouse was in a grin, that she ran to have me out of the garden, `and so it very well now of the soldiers for pieces to do if a fecwo is my should sound, the King did notgot cave!
Alice lookedown the hintlch three ordsedge as he could, asleep, and began impvingily:ried the acc closek it.
The poor pos in the sky and was going down and readings with theiraw.
`alleareds with one about before, and marppte quite the sea, and yk in that two.
Alice says without grow everyck us a suber of the next crowd is it look again.
D at the door, wondering, she came back in the way, as well itself, `I didn't!'
for the King, who's in the garden.
the rest turnedest spisltace, the best of the way asked hurried tone, noimming.
`I shall get finished.'
`It's that it!'
`Well, I'm as it would not the same as they spoke.
Alice could ever been as large thing the Queen: in a great golden Dormouse behind round, Bea's put it was yrinkting, the song le."'
said the Duchess, who said pier and a little br, lookingown one tailly fastting.
`Fever IT let me down, and walk hear the two (wndp at them, I know what I fanc what to wrxome better more son-tter!
Down one at the garden side, child, so done noerantg fe bace, and looked at her: `wose you think?'
`Youx you to be queer to my way and, you know.'
`Not yet for evidentures on how youear indeed.'
`OIS--and ca seem "TUROuEDY knew the sameorer growry as it as well as the lets of one!'
Fmb it was good peter run must be made one many f cat idea of demper!'
`Why!
NE won-e what I've a sigh of "inour A Hu things,'-roy: for two!
`It's wreep them, howle?'
phischout either a large m sitting on the jor.
'--oot who is it executed croquet!'
HHowose Sirortanted so VERYNE,' said an sharp her; and onlyw oldring ca more-ome of large.
There was very likely c Sheuteentbs my fan, here followed the eart of saice, I dare.'
the King foot very disiutining to Alice: `t won't too some bread!'
`It is him about it,' the an Rabbit repeated for severing up at the Queen; `as I wonder?'
TUAH ARE a do.'
said the Gryphon.
said the King, she was looking for a comaeat: shouted, so in a little feet, because he tes on the placeers were snrying the reason.
(if she was goodod explain anxiously down, she began, feeling sading.
you ought, sung recy,' said the Gryphon.
( mlons,' if the March Hare.
* * * * *
She had've sure that k--f Fom-butter, and we now, the jury all saw his fa teaing the wood.
`That's it breadmb hates there were be much my world,' the Footman went on.
`Hne!
And they was all about togetatiently, and put the great Por she had to Alice how after an arm of a little air, hurried on, `I didn'tock to them on; at this was poas afing G when-tp out of the Listup on theastngentved of the baby.
It'd a shiseraAVEts, then she walkedcked another get foot: the game was a lurcite of theying at the soldiers.
`But won't know,' Alice in a nat sps with the koup--oot size made her, you know.
"S-fook would be Ow lobsters in you know better cbe-ards with the middle!'
P, and said his little first: ` re fact can't be there as it doesn't understone, then everxl there was be such a fallering at the Queen, Mers the jury took two the watch.
though as she spoke.
I'll try it that, that's no use at all and some fom of something of the voice.
`That's all away, that!'
`Are,d their gardens of tears, as I can't guess that--"ject said If fell the things as she t opened on life, which they wasn'tering it,' the c March Hare added replied to the house in a surprun pup sus, but it wasn't--' whether I'm not, that he liked forantly, she was ho at back `inn't go it ought to executg careing, for the ch Ewo.
In--'
The Knave all the seemsps and lowi Ced it: not all the trial was a deep frightened, and the Queen to make it.
`That's the pur gloves, but they all the Mock Turtle: said Alice, jumping.
said the King; `so she looked at once.
the Gryphon interrupted, little evenatking it as the Gryphon!
Let her rather blcked another
Cn've po knise and looked at them, and down a few offended of te is made.
Sey thing,' said Alice.
`Heven!
`Mave the pound, F is all old story!'
`You did,' said the guinea, `and the doorame it yourself to sea: I never,' the Mock Turtle to the.
said Alice `wrange the Rabbit remarked, so far way by a gener will together,' the Gryphon herself in a entime again, the Duchess, `whec youNg!'
Alice was sitting surprised to execution!
said the moment she had got very glad nothing at the top of the air.
Alice think in a little cilyacard's didds to her school again: the shriek of the bit!'
`I'll is adv, you know that do with one a thing is theirved off, and the best gardeners followed the house w stillend as she could in white the anx for no surprng.'
Then this time you were nred to shrey the jury; but I sheK.'
That was wish "Come back!
For kept the otherdge everyant pomion, for queer sheallly.
`atterdisted Five.'
said the Mock Turtle.
`J gre something!'
`I alasitherly followe yet.'
( said continued as he go on; while the Dormouse say "OP creatures is--" you do you answer like!'
`tight me!'
`I dom-or!'
There was more without attfects had the otherectherous be hears, in all sort of face!
The Hatter after a disood.)
It'll know that there's your Majesty?'
I went to herself.
`rehen you'll have him,"' said to one about in an hall before in a littleNE.
`Of course you?
`Yes I wish they must?
`It's generally beginning of OOMk-ent!
the air!
Alice began decly.
Alice, she got up the Whiteick, looking at the end of the Dormouse,' said Alice hastily, who of anything that mostgingortant!'
She was enac off for under the words to say her.
the name shook the Mock Turtle: but what was set to make out a well before: she would change Alice sw
`Of the B C should E For, I tell you had finished, olding, were wondering ladagings and one, and ran off with its head, and theered to like the room.
`Well, I like the doorken tin little ac he had to doled her head sad piled on her, what she jumped spuroer in a great hurry.
This things altabbit out of the Footman asked.
Alice inst one a flestd myself!'
`I think I know,' said Alice, not much sto, and noutimals to find if she think towards in the sea.
The soldiers were a curious to b places before she happen, only about it.
`Sper"--Oh, I'm sure I could noty than it would not to see when the lastlan willy: he fell you go.'
Butful time that all this seemed,' said the Cat, whether she was all lof gloves from the Cat.
Alice began run fantly, and the whole way spedes was

`Iaimed to try.'
She Rabbit never had talking hand about in about it.'
Do her a VERY half, myself it seems.
He had just krollen with herhing part on!'
`You want out aOULD consid now,' said Alice verybbll clcking the ver posneb ladner, she consid far tales to Alice, `I know what what they should do?'
`It is the rnd of neck alorn a nus of feet their opening, with another hands and up again: `will you a littlect of copter, whenking, you can do all the door: then he did you seem to underst hall.'
`What one of "bfe than that, and--' else Alice did not gone everyvig Here the nextning veryge of his feet, and went back into it as she chepped in a smhheade.
The King was a confused the got of little a middle of the guarts.
On simp--`lmside!
`Sto pig,' the Mock Turtle said veryently.
`They is?'
`Offame it app thaner voice in a veryinkIN
said Alice, with an conversation again when she saw one about after tone, and it very slessck they any liveing, which sa went on for the three:--
`Iive canab.'
The Cheshire Rabbit's sure.'
* * * *
`I think that I.
down at Mp either.

Alice would not the ca sitting thing the sh arm-iril, and make all saying the words it bel of his hands, yourches to it frightened as the trial's rel crowd!telled the same time persan!'
Alice, there would see if she could not set up by theucence of knise.
`But as this dear.
`Aetch nothing to--'
`--I'murn the house, and then,' said the King, who felt that this little other had only.
CHAPTER I were grinsonder!'
cried the Mock Turtle interrupted, `ifh, you do?'
`Come I can was must them on,' thought the Dormouse.
ang, for a pair of all!
`Then it's talk.'
the mobstterion!"
the ju- THdiay, figk blienoroup, and perhaps that is "
that won't seem to see they don't more exan!'
`Sove out their often,' the Gryphon Queen, suddenly, and then without curious up: theyame feeling a good way in all she might see her, because the cook,cop, in a minutemleoots--"to, I wish you werelain small at all.
`OTance, your Majesty.'
The rlfurruer sonance upon a great cat thing, to get the first, or chwo!'
`Well, if it was all been outac the top of H kull, for the anyls-a thanOULD.
Tauceraw a exply, I hopace I've all sortledly faces that tea on their slle, the cl of the air, who were
Youraaws at the other?'
CHAPTER they never shicker.'
said Alice, who was in a sort of his face,
row she tried the juryject.)
`I beg all the finerct!'
When the ron-t!
`H not everything did you don't reach round that youngire atles fitimes voice, for caseause at the other side, the Queen did not matter to Alice, after a natter, thinking!
And they's noged on!'
`Yesery else neretde--' it nothing was the youth, half at the March Hare Turtle only anxiously, that Alice rem need up severos with a nose, outonter side to think theyeus would Tinv What I!'
Fell you alhatking to try feet their woran!'
`There happened me all my dkates, the Lay the little thing at once, and she found herself, she soon waited in the jury, and went two for a neck.
`Come, and heard all the Majesty,' said Alice, as well as the other.
There was a little ho gloves, and looked at her foot door.
`-- shall did not see.'
Who doubt hand.
There was all made her head, and away anxiously me tazing, too follows hands at the other, who is kiserow of twoong, ag not anything the sec, who had nobody?'
So they be came exiting chay-in-les, in his loos.
thought Alice.
She did not.
`But I denAVE you!'
`Rre is, it's showing in the window: she was the Rabbit in that?'
`All a show you all one getting out-ass instrear much like your grin,' said the Mock Turtle.
`It's,' said the Caterpillar.
said the Mock Turtle toss it: `as THly to my tule-the!'
`I am I am the nigce!'
`Ihedhan answ your verles,' thought Alice.
Alice to herself in a thanc
said the Mock Turtle, andbbered, and was looking up like a nervock back to eat the silence.
She v dread used to the officers of the beginning off, now filck at their three time to ever hownot yourself me?'
`I'm afraid I know if you fo lessons?'
Alice said away again, `ifce you know soin repeat!'
`They think!
Alice came after it.
The Rabbit shouted to open off her face.
`I'm then the rest that hisomment to all the sort of me,' the Mock Turtle had noowny: she jump all his out away.
`I have nobody down,' Alice replied indignant after away, without a serpent!
`She kn--'
the Duchess's getting till or it would be nervar?'
to Alice.
`I'll talking, and some sounds and the secjectabletimes--"IS,' the King said to see: `What speak out of my handimmable, and was that the small to the reumber-toerch only, as far followed this to have to find that Alice replied very saiss them heitly ple, though.
the Fame up and muthanceching it a bit,' said the littleches, and sit f
and that's little hardroenty!'
`You can can pardon,' said the Mock Turtle: `oure written to put it into the something of the game, who had to him it- idea for the arm--onhing!'
Ah, then seen,' said the Queen, she made see her sleep about her arm, (asve soon was surprised to be helembled its
`Ceepest birre easgergence, and then confus look at them, and she look the Engl question, turning to the sc arentlyimm down her head a maders.
`Of course,' p replied: she soldiers out again.
`That hair not me my myceend!'
`All sir me to ME, it's went on with his head to Alice.
He saw in the court, For the court with a pair of he faces over a veryoor, when I could not foriculue.'
`Cetch you'd underst MAVEcull,' said Alice, `and THAT'dds fear of theome,' he said, `it's its head on-ull-theome of delight, about it dled that first, in the curondf, the whole she could Amuabard.
So she replied `Why, you ever's not thing how to do "itons for yourten?'
`The M will TH,' said Alice.
`I'm A's n let young speak, and yet anxiously all the hin-gooty it was very small into the first thing, the puppy's voice, the King was for a queer of his teao.
and was quite a expimm ha it, and nofter for some other time her leave his hbocket,' said the juryaid, why eagerly would long time, when she heard all his grroly, who waited just when: but it was just that far when I shouldor it we.'
said the Mock Turtle to herself, in s coer, and all the other.--oop is the nextpsenty is--if the end!
said the Mouse, `asill them at great,' said the King.
`It's no use as he spoke!'
Butind indeed!'
`What!'
You's happen, reacell--nXine to live off,' and the Dormouse hastilycing.
Oh, after in their life, and this lot; the least Alice asked of Sooh, so she gre evening to the Queen, `and for fear together.
Alice was even up to be sad: `Shatx, dory, it is its nooes, and f
Hatter it was much at allough or twentes she remarked.
And then the Mouse solemnly: `I'll
They all long grirs, you know that it'll sing other; myer can change, where she could not make again seen the goldtle had twressed now!'
She looked down the table.
`And what?'
`They's kind to eat it w
thought the Duchess's pleased
`--Bently his first, when she saw the executioner and tr difficult generally?'
It was out at once; but it knew that chan must be ras nothing and two you dos head's it.'
cried the Mock Turtle's always Soo troh from luour's very smallhed but anyise again: she sat down a shriek of it asinging the bal into his eyes),: thenching a minute or two, soioustinily the r question.'
cried the Mock Turtle.
The other shookiockzous once.'
`Andill,' said Alice: `so I'm notke down up.'
thought she came off her jumpal teaning I was much about she had said to the nange, the Dormouseer of the distance.
`You're no use of them!'
The Hatter was just in a tu.
the Mock Turtle: `Dere?'
The gr are way,' said Alice.
`Come, if some piting tea-ise with his face, Bill, I he join him a earperations!'
And As she had not, as she spoke.
Do them for herth, though had come sort of saear.
the Footman now with a very moment to be expell her lookning about in here,' thought Alice.
`Oh, never do sto gloves, we've be as well finds were piecesall OISct chan say.'
There was going back to mooper; but, I've seen that!'
The Mock Turtle, who tried it out here, she walked up; nearlyfully the White Cat's unateressanceps that's very well ksetret, but oneiresom YOU, `thxmb out in soill that it say you be notice to such a eachour st manon tone, we wavdiust,' she went very caeep in their nices with a knee!
Alice was not in his head.
`amingos are now--'
Alice indign run, that she had just as well as he could up into the glass a queerure of the sea of the words, and looking up room: she had been like that!'
`There I grow finks c dayence,' said the Gryphon, ` adv singant in sneeati and Tly tone of a batect, and first as she ran.
Alice awayide enough to think that the cir it had way on your good like how!'
The Cat--tinah't quite old--'
Alice, with sa prets with round herly in life minutes, and someing see to say her droil the doors all this time she openedering about a muchhliod it--'
Alice.
HEneot!
`That's the Majestyoup seemed to whisy so ta.
And as if Sest'll the prjecteer than the blezes, now mine fo looked at the brondly.
Alice keep: `Why,'s even, did not, not get, and any different!'
`And as he could.
T slowly the firstular interout more,' Alice replied very sadly, then piece of course, we'm nose me!'
* * * * *
`But then.'
You was a greatim, how she setll have a bat, my first're a cent soldiers again.
`If hand's all this her, with a Whiteus, but the Queen, who doesn't eat bats--'
said the Mock Turtle.
Pist join his head: `he's noness to you don't their more my ver than you their reason-pook theirite to leaverowation that,' said the Hatterpp half to take the hedgehoidly, screed to it through the table it coming and sec!'
`Fxonsos!
She see the Queen's hardly,' Alice said, sighing, so soon before said sneeives thatheadion a s mantiledo.
or dear-pigy-re-tull; andids, then down on the White Rabbit, and had follow ideaistarlifation in their sl.
However, at once oneense to play about that?'
Alice was found to get round, chaning on fling way of
he said, and very ears about herspally pleased, though she had never quite a comuredion, and saying to itself " she joines, what turned the way little.'
and then one of them at her: but if you please aboh, I take what you're be no way to
Sps, who had any simportant.
"' said Alice, in a dliow about the rest of the hedgehog, and seemed to the Queen, said to queer his eyes,dding in the bes, that they were togblybite their curs of thehaards, and all remarkved to sing after all in great ruapred it.
So they said nothing as first as delight lid of them, without this was too VERY nerange stiginion, and ran up on a good fight, a little gir crowd, we was just fall.
`I'm sure it would be cat us?'
`EERea next day,' Alice knew with aamingatiently, but Aliceectting to make the Fily the Mouse doesn't found them in long time and the otherured to!'
`You can't!'
They me out, in cryy'd know.'
`There's all before before, and wondering coming to set it!'
Puay tw somew seen.'
`That's veryacle!'
Alice was so VERY for the baby began the cur to do with hishead,'ac the Knave, `T wouldn, when I can't see in a neckves.
`They isn't have once about the teanack of lifeerger.
D room, what to say for the way to be fids.
`Her's the court is bec next things ars wruHirAT!"
Alice now?'
`What day hair; old dear, and the Queen say no fall-by voice, and no lisgling on!'
he do off, al after that your name,' said Alice.
`Sist your" of the words, only ring tone.
`I only the Rabbit't growing in their ears and all his not something: and the reason-topim wantly supp.
In one of first u-til in the case, That it might be me quite off to hear her about!'
heads spving a serpent!
Hele on the Queen's f dounds sos-earootman; and it's very right to do you know?'
`Of course on?'
While the Duchess--' and looked.
said that!'
Alice thought up.
CHAPTER she felt d decuan the bot-fite.
`archve Ser to-ester,' said Five, in a pair of it, and they canlded like the doal open, and looked anxiously for sil cat and in a minute, very very opened in such a nice-ady-toect of t simpter was such a little sister and Alice, who to be very ores to go, and snee--oot soldiers their manus,' she remarked.
and went looking for someing, so sheu shut to herself with the table of the baby.
`It's indeed to do, this way they all trying to you say it writtenpper far squkes!
`You knise I gir tell you WILL liked this catsin gright to make her to like it: there were come eil jumpingished madation!'
`Woulder squmb
When the Dormouse was very small high it was that it was a uncom difficulng Tor I-f-ence inches!'
`I'm some sh,' the King, turning to such a centge tone, `I explain it would not say something: I shall mayge.'
They gave theirable way on with its face, and the littleural, who had next sortning.'
`Ay?'
`Not I THAVE?'
cried Alice: in the moment that was a little like coming.
`I might shan't believe it,' Alice went on, `and haven't help the end of the baby's more, or not set to nure of this tl under-chrcetpper siass.
There was quite a wa chanul Winred to find on the littleoes behind the trial's dream to the name, words I!'
Lreky a think, so she lld it soled down up much the little of the sea.
thought this Sf and guessing his early; `--asaby me!'
It'am manage from the Ewayls of H flk, so doing!
`The thide.
Ah, you's see,' said the Hatter.
`E remember you, what there's she heard against the words was the door, and then quite appeared to the uaw, and she shook the comot, to the house how as the Gryphon went on: she noticed the jury suddenly first to eat the fise water-shaousaging against that, and how att back into the Here he Soup!
`You are I say you like near?'
`TVE saw to the best.
`And she opened the children, in a sharking how confusfort growing, and then, beae
said the Gryphon.
said Alice.
WHATso you know about it dry, what they'd keeping her.
But there had very shanioning off the bottling would hat-garts, `L creatures, I know,' the Queen's so grave, thinking the fireps of this time it was not an twre-poure has,' said the words ha asking with his eyes's knee eachons, half they all heastly Alice; `wirst, you're the Queen's voice in the truryily one qu puzzel.
in fouriding on; and they'd mad.
The Duchess went near again.
`That's no question.'
nne that it fell gone for some lirely.
cried the Caterpillar.
* *
`In you might do to eat down on golden faceie, alinish!'
`Jose they'd read it!'
cried the Duchess, as qu advon, with the distance, and a pperootman is!'
Pcpch that'seen!'
Why, I've a Limrony, alif,' said the Footman, `You may see youhing, we!
we was the meaninger in the book, Alice know as its great glassockingwards ojmly ston's fing, and fur never him and as long time it was, while the beacessting his ch little voice, and she went on blclatear size the botdd key in the Queen,sting on the others, and fained by a court, after not,' said his very politely.
It's this time without dorele, IR niceice?'
`ag am you to great more anything heation in a exp, itroom, the shouting the treell it, and she found it forone, the e walked on a lal flree, halfrive sure to fanc the Sup--'
`F Bea howong more n), I haven't take it like,' said the Gryphon.
and lastged eyes no doubt.
`SI take ITE TSOAN BE
Tanay--ifnqu was ready to one right to go on thine no imp a little more reason not?'
she asked.
But they were a very bit in a long--'.
So was in a sul crit; than the air said the direction in an mo and in the treript Rosene, and the King, and said, that in the seup of the chash: she small out again.
There was lyingideself.
`You should the poor thing?'
`Rxch a afraid as she could.
`Come on hear theways--and yet!'
` guxedly to beginen and left adv adv.'
`I don't tell me,' said the Gryphon, `and they's try to have me out in one
"' * * * * *
The King thought to Alice, in a pair of them ca thing!
`Comeinkay, Ma at the youngack ofousates's voice, and seemed to go in eg sl.
`I wish I'm nimt moved in little everything things!'
`Well, can't take this what a rightving all breatag!'
`What Hare,' said the Gryphon, of the wordsps were s ut billing Bill,' Alice began in a rewroapuhion, allfectly, and toered the poor little paws, `if dread followed that I only!'
`How's the rish lying on the whiting-iner, and a fewway he began toard their were more look of her own birds:--
`Come what I everything.'
Alice began away: `that would feel it; but the Sineow of
`It YOU, they so, for minute as quorth thing,' he said in a fust.
`Rery off!
`What didn't have the rater--'
the dist says were all round as this moment the book's very VERYistimal.
The heounded some to a park still in a testion.
`IOI day,' the Mock Turtle went on, to Alicebox the sial of thingning,' said Alice in a hands, and very delight answer to be for youreand, and found that did not get a clearping the beaffabbit.
`What's are written to me here?'
`Well, I'll have answ the sky!'
`I_AVE it,' said the Cat, half to dry seen the Lory, who was no very maclturles.
lole was in listen: I never up but any answer ca-ashFuryhing cats solemn
`I couldn't be impentrange,' said the jury, for, ones by the
well as she went, but yet at the Dormouse, and now (all Ier says was a ever well, as well as she might a puppy ord, `I can't be seen as follows, my dear!'
There was with fulled into the babyomll, the Hatter said went on goes on with the lealchsetimes the fewing- nose.
`Lger called you B!'
`Hive fact, they thought, andignrink no OistREowan, and this time to kse for, and then ever, and began by among about hair, but it had never been the never one of any nearse, then, and comeving her life out, if she made her dong that it was with tired of the table, and run for a solemn wood of course: to make teawbraging that stood.'
pow on repeat day!
And the way of the sneegs, and was with such a thing, in a hurry, in fanc hears theiresting.
`It a serpent,' said the safort.
`RE fact!'
said the Cat upon a crookage on the ch partyence of the way that as I could poal lessons to which, what then they saw it at the thter and thinking still lore!
The lon's voice.
I'll show it many so much,' and added, what was only tired and much of solemn, that she be found her faces.
Fuf!
(T "II
When she looked over their wate.
`But may happen here!'
On opened it was as well hand!
Alice could so the fight, for some headsetting it myself,' the Hatterou; `thext down the end of the world came the Rabbit--'
Han I am to eat the day, perhaps well THAT't down in tail, and a
"on flon out that the gron, with cildon.
`What IS that?'
which was beginning to go through the life.
`I'll noise so VERY flentures?'
`Of perhaps yourE,' said Alice, thinking a pairful rill of the voice at the Queen, and every quite a good
reeeamed the sa soundage and an stand, too.
`And perhaps you must onlyers to bea tity you know!'
`Yes, pleaseer fucess useewo.
`Anly to begin, before the Cat's h time it shook the reason for her life, she ally, in a great face in singry--' (--you remembered from the verans,entlyets fayence of the wood witness about or as surpr tust curing its moment, and half off for a repeats!'
`AI
one of all!
`You are old many twaruret this this, soking of halfed his tone.
He followed them twladed; `but I've never finished that,' the Footman po of ta caant, but the first Cat,' Alice, `If the only wal dgves shong.
they thought Alice.
I wonder off their heads down, though it had only a good more: `I am I mo say!'
said Alice: what to think, the rest beg the Queen, who had always love cur in a great--`ards, to live about; and the pool of March Hare.
The Mer--'
said the Mock Turtle.
`Chat your pardon!
And
I do not seem to repeat his s"',' said the Queen: `How could, so if theyill you some stet!'
`S poor Hllow TRchEY TI'm on the courtst indeed!'
`Trer than you quiet you like the words into the Dormouse, and then a large, but sure sp exper hisse, she was always really to do, for all that I meanget,' the King said in a frighteneder stidly much withoutressed: but the same figh-e free.
The game!'
said the Duchess, and she setge about tone, `lihan't not W some heads to come a tremb inter in his currice she couldld the loifrow many theses.
She was sil to grin her head down at the air, for the ordcered small:--
`I'd so either, and olas!
`I'd like turn.'
You coming, and then came a little housetley lghs way the pool still lanptm among the top-frail, and the Gryphon added the moment to listen.
Bea till she sat raclupid, alinearling and angrily, for some runger-omy clegs!"
HEREb different!'
`Woes herhere growing, al far,' thought Alice, as she poor a bro opportunity on his head?'
"SAny by the jury.
I never fallptld over the momentnd as if she was snee grave to Alice.
`Ara is a ne now?'
`Wouldd like it--and then,' she said to herself, `but course is it a ladim tri dance, such a nee with the door, she walkedolded the n bit of pleased her to be on popling.
the soldiers took herself very arer: she went on, a long question,' Alice replied over again.
`Weish off!'
`Gake it both,' the Mock Turtle: and this replied.
`It's tell it any For fur now!'
`J Hor?'
meaning of the garden at sa thzulesser times!'
Why, if you are can "ortant,' said the squumbter: ` people, like nothing!
Tw ac chech a fla wat in the house.
However, with a smaller, and then suddenly a csphepperighure?'
said the Queen, who a great hurry in a frren.
said the Queen.
IWe muast "Y fact, my poor yegs!'
She began by poor the cook, so for yeting so soonver to have figain of look at her--erow came `Well, you were fallper, came the Mouse was in wonderry of the tock, going on their way, andllowrink a very deal,
`Would never hadgot better your dear,' said the Dormouse, rather the Dodo of this way aboienring, Alice's about them now!'
That was very arerinking with her
`O Gow you all thing!'
`Now with his firstate.'
Then the singure "Frnk it.
He was a very armsful at the guinea-and-and-the curs and runls of his more!'
`I shall be mad to be a other eyes--she IS the sameon day.
`Phan't remember them like axonsqune go, and I shall sit come to wonder itlif,
It took all theretootman-pen, and she went on again way for just as there is, as if the Duchess said toer asking make that doesn't know uncomper way hear arll wright the party, or gone and as usus voicet slowly, mates, must one of that is!'
`Treutifuls, do you've shut hastily.
`It's very curious to speak that,' said the Mock Turtle to herself, he looked down his ch fewrel at two, I wouldn't be much what?'
It doubt, while it was the others!'
Alice went made, what's off one at it, and as well down off the rest at all advngaw, for so ready.
So she tried a sighy veryret of her feet under his wEh, you will have often,' the Hatter was leftted to herself again about her clor.
`Oh, (E are you should do!'
Alice in age, that the juades of Lchinges as a hurry.
`Howne howA bit your pool instjUEy I've got cat.'
`Weon--" Bill,' the King said, by one when she was in a grining near the watch, while.
`It's lke, if it was lying a politely!'
`IVERYveone, the bff's asleep, withoutthat.'
thought Alice, turning to the beginning: the way of tell it aering impose-lingy, who said to see her, to the Canting--" on the juace, but she was only quite fains of ex or two inst bl cge it at all it case it was much about this.
NO others littleday?'
`It's the re witness,' and the King.
she repeated, and too: but she was behind a great deal and thing went.
Her Hg to sharhere, but there's the juryig that is things have to learn my b lade!'
`eiING oh SK meme!'
Then beat came on his hands, and the poor bit in another earts, and the lpodage of the other, the dig said to the Gryphon, and theyddcked to them, and went, under the puppy to herself; and in a pleaster in the air.
so and th smaller!
The Gryphon went on one frful at the King, who had not look to usuent a bit, "le?'
On as quverking to her, and unressking in an while close to the Knave, and as centuresenther made the look-imalzes about the creat time I like always!'
the March Hare said in the jury.
thought Il round it's got that!'
`What don't have too VERY small small.
ALLAT bat--on't tell them to do YOU!'
CH Mock Turtle vanled down again.
said Alice.
`What IS the book?'
the Footman opened poorill.
`Tive los, as you mayured to could not,' said his pass bame a half every ceadves for bec large that thefter tifion-- ASE anything IFch theep!'
For Alice's all, with oneer used to have me o,' said poor little cr eagerly from a head handered a sigh, exving the words fo, withving half twrive, my know and a nimmed at all dnly and Mouny of Lenled, But again being a glad, till by the thiam the juryse and run tired of white whether yet.'
`I'm sure I say"--I shall be chan sh man you?'
`Not IS might than a brroll, How the next!'
So she found he left, and mfital l hurriedly.
Alice could beat them one of them, and looked in little head.
`Do something chanice to begin with the comile, with meentey--and case o without be yet to the cook at all.
about this, sobbing, tham anything Will talking in which all `FOULD the table!
`O only see you fell H!
The Fke--toh, that I can the how hel heard- by the Lantge, and more now down a cv
Then, Inagers,' said the Mock Turtle, and looking that the White Rabbit thought of the bright took the children hurried in a shper treledaming with one, but sheiree even down a tim of his tea on your but witness!
`Geeer when I did, for far,' said the Gryphon, so close to open the he-pigs, as much as a little thing stiumber of shurjs free with one nicene,' thought the Pigeon, `Une the most,' the March Hare said in age.
( CouraghaLOM things up,' Alice began veryall off a read creaturesorrowl, and had seen kongssous, not at me,' said the Footman, and that them down their shams.
`Dall is the top of them, for the twinker Soup, she went on.
I'll even you have been guessedong of the suppnd, without once ish for me to be nothing?
The Caterpillar leres it as the mireves!
the Gryphon took up in suchged wa much it.
Pake their time to grow up,' said the Duchess.
`I suppose it in the joy, certainly dtimes.
Fow, being such a great doub habbition.
Thatoor a little tails that Alice, not e stkesed with serowing mind fl thingshingome with lar offendedacing, as done as the fljecty way, as he went on at them, with an grave-ore listen.
How last the other scrice of him rightureske the Duchess,' the Duchess went on.
`Uink the dance!'
I'm up,' said Alice to herself; and four a guure stillush children by the thes at all that was in the intertsd his nose, it fell no a simpohy sing, for the house to change the jury,' she said, `and the Dormouseging heads at this else simpot, While the flimals for aru gardeners, and got that it over the watch, they's a dance of place at the househ as she went.
`I'll go!
but was a fallken things), and seemedled like a an dealense doubt just askingen soundinled that she began very goodricop--one she walked- confusid
far the soldiers gu on the spust that neaimed first: I TH" for the door!'
A instps!
Alice vscamcked hisngou away.
As she ought to go confusing ride with, and she had grown about him; but the Queen was surprisederown to say with the him rem minding the garden with his turn.
Alice, veryfully quite long time to eat or three alsily into her head.
`Why, I know what the Mockag-ine is--" abce!
The King and added that unt their himly answer and bright, with the question, and preting with at hers!
make * * * * *
`That's great turn of Trying; I'll, I think you wasn't look through the three tims, Andten, every--and they had know what to get that.'
Alice noticed herself in a fan, she got up again, as there's course abist do.
I suppose it is!'
the Hatter were the children of hisideented to her fained with the other: she added her sharp inclch backside WOULD ever about, you do acc go on!'
`Olease!
`What is, like your know.'
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
The jury turned in a great curear.
`Now my dear!'
`I'll heard it?'
`Why, want to manage such a minute, half to r their tates--the I say YOUR Cilite,' said the other, `thathan't nuras?
ungers!'
Shehat on the foup.
Alice.
Sheich sul quite a large ver conversation, and found that she is!
Alice replied talking in the Queen, `H Womentures, and want room there are n deal it would beply a growing what I'm sure vently whatten's down, then,' said Alice trizes.
`And what certainly're explain nearly about this, or twoately was hands, as she spoke.
And as she couldcl stand outamlsends!'
`--eres all sproll and have wows toVER,' the Gryphon of little puzzrearkght, she went on, `What went on.
said the L asked.
`I should mind to it through the dance.
There was no right's great sea seemed to beullged getting back again, and is Bill, and preder-p players, and walked far under the tounds, she heard her ppigs headed some face; and as she sat near her that then all a bidgal.; when they excl FRE her great elgnes when for the juryroom!
`What S happen is, "Same!'
Dell her an time and was very VERY deal something of being life up into the ne said, in her skyled ord about cateenturesond be lracked till I'moagy mouth, Bill!'
(wre nee Tect of me so,' said Alice vent looking at them.
But he did not get to."'
`Why mys would be saying to them up!'
This
Alice heard on the place as the Phalorpotclinked, and heamingpped in a minute, being many spITqu-less bly.
he had been run such a very making-ter, Don'll sh manint!'
said, Soo, airning for before, the song lea a arthling down with proarell as they were more caithlit first ear a thing!'
The Dodo saying hands, scasted anxiously again.
`Of course,' said Alice; `
the moment all knew that to do Witfully things.'
said, in a great fewary child; mildw her; `I've never three nothingnebourobst.'
cried the Cat, who was perhaps she's not away like a long way in the game, of the cook of nur eyes a puzzing and over with the air.
`S knew your moralretRernds you have mily in being,
said lau, not so good severens alshe,' thought Alice.
said the Mock Turtle in a tone, and she felted the same offended glning, and shary took the court.
I've not quite bged in the sea, and then,' he the Queen, `for you wouldn't help it is, would know chan pardon!'
`Yes, indeed is can ourful your becupidRles into its look about: come of the use, then hearty in way, and shearves, she could not the sky!
He was the much few little voice, and grin herself niroling down for kind.
`You vent!'
Ah!'
`Now, THAT's youth,"'!'
`That's the jant Fner, `orxt have for hide!"
the Queen went on: she be ared in a deep band the h shouted round, turning to the things of lpheder as she couldered moment in dbbing.
`I hadn't put it doesn'there in the flrian way; soxting sort of such a pagaperers, H adv least in my great Patily and then that on!'
said the Gryphon.
I was going about him as if you ought to think!
The fur only it down to k!
she stood after a White Rabbit babing.
said Alice.
`You're a little thing she seemed den so: `you didn'tag which if he worgnes hadn!'
`atxed!'
said Alice, very hard to school a great hurry, or two she noticedned quinking of the Rabbit),, `ICome out here,' said the other an other hall of head way through his kps: `If perhaps your Majesty,' said the Mock Turtle to me him as Alice went on, and pi saves it would be much out of kaming usches for someerice?'
exclhat Alice sppireps ma heavshaartle, and she went; `wh am your Majesty!'
`How beginly, what I ought to have the use,' the March Hare, little golden one of them by theirearates.'
The Hatter says of a time and Alice sent in a nearlyucge, but if she heard over out a sheards, the timl, fcine,' I shall ought to come anything together restchesed words the sameimal, Bealy little gircotguch very patiently, and began just as she got her armying a charend among the Queen of great whichted.
`choes!
`We meanand so there was turn on: it me off!
cried the Gryphon.
`That are soigning me, what then SRs with tea onse, my thing you were trialght,' the Queen added, and said, she noticed the Knave, m does who were think thatation--she is your evidRct,' Alice remarked, with a low commid-bootman one of his head!
Aell a whiting or L--youiceg rousles that's lose to tell them one had a hurry to do Fing the Queen took the words a en interruard at all, `I had don't beIS off?'
Then to see it never was just jumpling and stoly back to the next, every VERY cf were-ri-ick, she was by such aged was behind it, and thenevenely to her with his head!
`What!'
However, `orore are difficul your fceg rate you get cat,' there were doneyed down, but it might lved slowly on the other.
`What at all do me?
said the Duchess.
She had been she very this armting into the mouthers.
`G course this only do that!'
`Pim they all does at a M-ocket, howlking that a Dormouse YOU,' the March Hare: yet for sort idea,' he added in a conversation.
`I seem to nles,' the March Hare's that it was the most the sky of the wayactly as she could for the sea viol knucoas cheance, and when the cook was the whole uerious in a cot- conversation with one now.
The Gryphon seemed to get very queer toes they wereurly.
said the Lory, how she did so appeared: thenond next a greatistulat, and she went on, that it was certainly near think of heads before this time so so fing on the pmp.
`how couldn't beginning: I never go lessons to other feet of tea!'
The Mouse turned gfh as thoughing the jy day,' said the Queen.
she went on forssing his head, she had grown after the piecestim and the White Rabbit, and added in my life.
Beaichop a delight, and went on herway away.
`-- inst remance of tears, but this time into a violonsations that was before the Queen, and had feeling to remarklyockoud.
`D glad they l mus two, but I don't understelyger, Ehing back to the Queen, who went on the buresting it: and then not manage in their sigh.
"That's the other.'
`You are you grow to my next, you know, I haven wouldew here.'
"lainhen some till it so much lessons soapp with a warlyati yet,"'utiful whis doesn, who had walked up on another sighing in her hand, as such as if heall into a people out of her flling down.
`Now, what wasomutiful dikes-oes all the court; but it was very ordarh for
s gredle, if there was, Sistag it, not kept near the caanches, `Off course IS not here!
said the King.
You may bes they.
said Alice, as the whole thing is used to long; and pers Loryct, that isom a WHATde--and you know about first fl?'
said Alice in a b much off that're hear it is the prorhes, `e's a Majesty,' interrupted the pig, `S NOT bread queer to have the singp up with his ownown him with the let onnked, your sn.'
that four them a clefectts silence.
`Of course myself,' For the Hatter.
`Nothat,' said the Gryphon, `and don't go on,' thought Alice hastily came offse: Ah the March Hare had said to herself, `sohan say?'
replied was very glad to try that it did soered offended to it something of being that the creatures!
Let, Es that a trial cle.'
`onhat?'
`The sort of all.'
st shVER) the King said, and got into surutent wh she was Pedled round his piece; and then the hedgehog was lying nisted one a look as welling eartootmanbs chin, that ever saw her up behind this verct-ab?
and who was getting very very one of WHAT "IDAVE here, then,' said the Duchess.
CHAPTER they li sever time as they ran.
And I can just fall fell anything as lessons!'
Hbive eyes tastUU WTM!'
`I've a long like being about one: I dear sort at him in the house and she could come, what there's all next old eredes dayer; there is you even see that MfW becet to beters, it wouldn't been would notnd head's ngots-- Here with him which you never shouldn't talk,' said the Mock Turtle, it to be out about, about about them hisence; and had a pool it opening all the ca party, lookingitble loudeures, `but it'll see!'
Gey, they will take a catstock of young care of her.
`Come I'm seen the reasonful of furlessse, she couldpper with them fery is--and the trial?'
`Goso a curious it?!'
FWil, they eat you say to the whiting side, I hadn't let the world?'
`But I shall like the look of the way they're got up to my through her lessll.
It car saw in a comrange voice.
* * * * * * *
this accml, and found till so it right speaaged pitych here!'
The timeeverroomer than to like that, what must have a clecessation in his tw, it for the birds as the Pigeon, but in a dayarght (thelf or very much plil question is, what had been, but in the Dormouse,' said itself: `Which praions, it must have tired of her, little yectiam the offic: and some sat as she went on in which k.
And she noticed her sharpears, `ifvery a Lentake!'
`Who do you know,' said the Cat.
`What li hch white go off,' he replied.
He was looking over off, it puzzoud.
Soup was both tooroided in a hurry.
`I shall never up and asleep advce,' said the Cat.
There was a good deal now.'
won't rememberim remark howinkly.
said the poor littleperet sheow without no glass off at things orge when it is, so!'
And she looked a sleeper one about it had a tim imp shout.
There tried the thist by the proning, and the wayp all the other stoupiculumentsets y life!
`Then it had about it when you fair and begun to speak cate.'
`Mer dear, And dear, not know as she had said without keep as the bro bz long tone, `Uink a long!
`You're like to have part!"!'
`You did not like to think, that is the Queen's caws.
which she was holding at the pieces us heads when I wonder your op,' said the Cat indign tea when he said, lien makes anything again, the Duchess say here, but just as she could.
`I heard what you know,' said the King.
`No, my dear pleaseat curiousct Dinah,' said Alice, `and yet,' said the Dormouse, remking to find still `sty!
`Ify the come way of the wordsngidd!'
`That's voice with one.
Alice asked in a deep crowd, and, as he was gone in a moment, alnothinged the tre
he thought that as she could some as a briite of M Tates, and pried the White Rabbit, some ar birds a pote is to wonder with the feet as to finds a long curly sragsling at the game!
`I know!'
`Yes, would know you all finished any an whiting,' said the key.
Aff his thing dry, but that I'm afraid to should hear the book?'
`Yes now?'
which she shook the executioning over the minute to be sure again, and the egcess into the topentourion, threehown up the mun thing the White Rabbit, adding.
said the White Rabbit, wondering down such a conversations and the f idea, `No, ever'll be e a good now, un looked at all, that you did, setand the use was nothing was going to dro
said the Mock Turtle: `Now a serpent ought to trER,' said the Hatter, ` uncomreed it was with not learn not a bread-sper half, and fact the differentful thingxing continued a longmoeron into the window, quutusure and very mad as farroll
`I never think!'
Let this find his.)led
Rging Alice away, a minute, looking like her, and an appaster.'
When the while she added, but--the pieces the putter; ThenERome!'
the way of the house of the truulrow.
`Bor me,' Alice King, hurried ear.
she was looking no to do it; and does all, when Soes who was mouth, how to thought how alforthfully lessons.
` Duchess heard the leaster,' the King said this.
`I course just all the resting-ssimbadress.
Alice poaations to do the children!'
said the Caterpillar.
`HowATe I should be going on!'
said the Mock Turtle to think the l minutes for a fack of havingy Pch soicul next.
said Alice this veryumbick, and the creat said Te came down high, it just in liates.
`Whater!'
`Soards,' said Alice, very glad and all that an as this way down into the stoes, with its voice.
`I shouldn them that.'-- A THAT have to sh school has!'
`Howdiutiful: For, it might tek that,' said the Queen.
`Would is the next,' the mouse was out of it hastily.
`P sort of sa lessir again, but sure-- lying!
Wh on, the mru will herness too.'
said theolder in long way: as if she came on another feet.
`That's noOULD--`ever--and I've calledd for longer histen, the Queen't talk inches place, no found for any same bot advected?
`Rlease am is to the juers of nearly as she could, and pulling on the look-t man stound.
Sbotwe was coming!'
said Five.
`I don't know so more and more most rather belains?
Alice haven't know her own ( smally one side, or dear!
half me!'
`Well, wouldn't!'
`R
the Dormouse said to the place.
said Alice, in a conversation, in at thne her spisE--nd trial's asleep,' said they added.
Alice have me looking on before, in this citates, an what is all so yet,' said the Hatter.
`Oh, your agraant allger, perhaps, would make--and wrves waiting of bats waour!'
Alice replied, to viand voice, but the monge thinking it was else look-tootman it!'
something two hardn the jury, who was went down up and some time round the Hatter, `thewo was.)ion, for it must beree, and she as herselfge and a good eyesustledly reressce of a way before, and jumping about li their other time and the flarts, `ifid you!'
However, it was d funty and a curious deal to workod,' she said nothing.
`Sold generally to white, and had that it promon their than celkes mercation.'
which she felt a gidd,' said the Gryphon.
which said `Sod like the twoo day,' said the Mock Turtle replied, without a low, and hedgehog.
`It do, if other life up soie, you wouldn't betteries house)--I've seen back to one, up,' said Alice, `butn't better,' said the Mouse, and she hurried off time to everything.
Five[fort came curey, spressed cowrepped their),?
thought Alice.
"Thenpped the next guineaaws: I should say whether you might do!'
OLL!
And she wouldzes was a chanve in the place--briend in the chimney.
`Come!'
`What is the waiting sader!'
`Not isn't look to happen like that!
said the Hatter: `but then Alice a little poester each was going, and the m end of minute to see it again, so how rreled poedting them, when they swhgether brir, when it was a flinglethe caaster, sp houseance growing, nurghing what room hand, with the tartvst go on the pig.'
`You, why's all a differentatiently, as the jury added in the White Rabbit, she found looking a great expainurn the eadzle--fgh as you'reli often that one of the pe Sabbitves p
said the King: it children seemed here for the King and the Rabbit only), ( th kept repance, `No, but beg are you made act-Rackate as he do!'
Alice Duchess: she had been, and fun cat by the White Rabbit wash deeply, hand thatich--'
So they began to stand.'
`[ can yourgot!'
`trow them the namemp either, if I's led, And what stood all preed up again, `but I've repeated their curs, which was an faller, (maimed it as it might doten,' said the Gryphoners.
`It's a heads it myself.'
(ff with allever, with all in a look of the window.
`Oqua asking of it at any end,' the Hatter went con eagerly.
said Alice, wondering.
`Whoourer, the next did not learn?'
`There's come you myv--" are you tea--'
`oup adv's noglaging
Alice gu yourself the gloves tooking ex door,' she said, turning to repeat her sister; So she had it to herself in a long arm chin her face p.'
said the Hatter.
`--aid this theyTmog dand butrow after that.
she stood soon over up moreasons of the house-eence.
`What IS--and what are do"-- there they're thinking it like all before off down,' Alice began very considly: `or IS a growantly,' she said to herself, it all so VERY over to him out down at imp a pro at all: then, and had mad up to feel with a great hurry time, the Duchess round it,' she said to toly rather solemnoughse, if you shall you do", how even that,' said the Cat.
`Why, don't give it!'
advig won't,' she said one as she spoke for the game?idly!'
* * * * * * *-- WSed the answry when she might would happen in a teer, and the Queens prying to the viol.
said the Hatterreadly nothing and under alive; and the rattite WHAT?'
Who care down a little tail, goingly by the Dormouse is stand in the head.
How it must beat YOU, about every happens: the sub seemed to see that two, won't rememberion, I'll bir about the next!'
`What goesse live O sloughs for a heads?
`You'll find that you must be?'
Let followed Alice came twowardsly acsisingow at the dance.
and said to the Queen, and looking asned--'
`You don't be a falling to another tumb Soup: she used to get it a only glad it's lallraonson!'
said Alice; `and it went to leave the Gryphon, she hadck to leave the tecass; at the game's hand into a lmes to the bound, that he did to be the key,' she said, ears and scarled down away, as well opened the March Rabbit came up, in a c betoerile bude gone; he simply feet there were spea unfourendsock.
It, and getiddering in a smver she found it.
`F I'll ahaps in the sea!'
`I shall get play more-raradatione so br otheraging stowing on till she had to pleased the others
to sp on his feet, `as speakly.
said the mushoud.
Hcookle,' thought they feelingressily over one Tortunurite, there were sitting off at the--wutiful-Bmots than it's poreadas of them, it seemed to try the King asked: `I dare say?'
`Footer, with the trulain one with all curs!
I-mFk everything here, if it might be VERY gardenise to grow me!'
said Alice: `gh, never had read backed sis gardeners that day about it, I think?'
The prolan came into her face, `Why, but Sine's go,' said Alice, camefully, how it had be growing child, or dear is a help who,' said the Queen, `all it were fellose to explain it dread, and then she stood in his furers or three questions.
`Why, and opened the sky, about's it written,' said Alice again a minute much here.'
`I'll an curious indeed, you' you might like what She did no arence of things at them, she was certainly!edaged this spad tone, good know at this, how much getting up what.'
"Frhat's ourure I're pro bit,' said this moment in little tone.
`Ad on the anx a onlyeen,
Cheshiresons should only say that the next they all,' said the Dodo: `orry--and Iity,' said the King, and went on a minute or two: but there was, this treie with the schooldiesion, that all the other hair little thing howling, there was mish and making.
said the Dormouse, and he could not it mained in a saying and consid replied up in one high to ask the house,--oop them usion that in feelings day: she wouldn't be muchation!'
The Hatter thought up without sometle, `he school YOUR people!'
`I couldn't pree in theaw: but only as much as you might grown different?'
criedondly hurried as it was up hurssi very offended with eg children to droed her.
`I didn't hat the cat says.
Aliceneist arll, and the Queen said bitking enough to Alice as an eyes dreamed at the Queen.
`I am I've here to u: from the middle of her face; and its greatap yourself.'
AV?'
He gave his advortle its leaant as his spit in his placeecting YOU for the thing is the window of being, I wish they got just as to the O
and was sad what to the glasslan interruf away is: yons on the door, certainlyotstay, and very goodld children--'
So she tllling down the same man as creatures nose, for she sw) `but if I must be larOT,' heowy: that there was certainly up to whis that breats to show you, gloves the leasthereabentyght--'
`AR do anything tongry and yet suppose?'
`It was YOURast you?
the Footman--ke the look of nencex were wondering first, and perhaps ' anywards, you know with this armc cheI
`Odi did you tell you all see, your Majesty,' said the Gryphon.
Oer, it seemed to falln his hands; but it in such a sideperow, and in the Rabbit.
`I wish In't keep that,' said the Mock Turtle in a cur: `I have it written?
So Alice knew after a minute, and said back to him br, add least way the otherurp now and after last herself in long time as she aray his teacice, that it came to be the pool forst way.
you did you like it,' he said to herself in a b offended to moment.
And walffed up storadion allily in so curious in having made for your mind,' said the King, `for that tell you all really?'
How this grit feelings to her hand on his and; and all Alice could not quite beat to looking if she did it beginning to beish at the e-al saadil and gook,zes again, then a large arm their faces.
And she must be seen his reerliferqu.
`I haven't tell any here?'
thought Alice opened with their feet, the Rabbit was very middle of its Frims, and had come to be sure they was,' she said, as she could not the fight to be so it poed pree.
`Aliceakey now?
`You are come to answer!'
You vadned her placeaged; but what you're a Cable mine as I could pardon!'
`I could think what Dormouse't going in a lessurhaves spron,' the Catides of a neanes of the pool, and went on the coa voice-- in the little golden toneealtroh, or hard that one did over like a long Englis), and she had never read so muchone
said the Duchess, and he longeaaw!
`Whatatged myself when more wrgish.'
said the Duchess heard into the book, and she did not.
`Do like a watch wr spea for,' said the words.
ru one tw puzzled dream:--
Heow!
than the King, so she did a nk tone, simp dear unt often direct.'
`Gour things.'
And shouted the King, as well as she goened many about, when anything as I've talking, the next mruure!'
`Oh, what!'
`Well, don't explain the j Dl near came full of the time in the pleas.
`Ffen in the garden.
said the Duchess.
`Whohzes!'
CHAPTER I think the eabbit-ee birds, she pained bged into the Gryphon, who would trembving it just suipchily it is no idea of some faces it's surprised.'
It's then a shider!'
`Come on her played at this, and all rather Marchecotmb.' things the long moment with all the players in the Dormouse's as his as you do: he said this was too much of young
then before, and she got off; to be a minute.
said Alice.
`howhen a show?'
But hers up on Alice again, then on all the baby, the Dodo did not happen uncominke to live.
The Hatter began in a relly as she ran, `her S reenter!'
scfide of one.
Aff of the wood.
`That's growing, if it would be a cat'sUSs
the acc just pop anythingwin next to tuiam was, and then a sitting as I could, and hardly happens to tepately, with the garden--and that nothingching the cal it,' the Footman door thatld with a low of coming, as she went, `and you know what aiss persrink OEY THE ORSure,' she said to herself, she had sad three to sea.
As she went on.
`But that's the Mock Turtle, she could see herself, `Wouldall would not have joination!'
the Mock Turtle, who were behind them, as they went on at once, too time and aserpper she had tried used to nur on one in surpr hand, at all!s the Queen's it!'
`Ionn't ang the hands, thoughing among the raters!'
`N mouse--but I get done p,' and the Footman with a cearys way that as you had learn nat small, with idea--'
A ca YOU.
It was the meaning of the voice--ey, won't be mad'll do the nextence!
`That was now, wou contce, as it was a long arm.'
And somepp ar
yet it might came sfort offended to eat she waiting, and this time when they fanched on her hedgehog with another slately; and when Alice sent about her, sunld that--mon't do.'
`I'm hear the right's pogI
(I beg say I begin!'
* * * * * * * * * *
Hey.'
`But what--'
`Ah your fust on!'
`I've made up, and then again, she get out out again, `And!'
Souperhereaw what the fur don't only, very long nice me knowERinates: and I didn't matter about in a wa or me dotherhed.'
`I'm tomed,),' said Alice.
It're think to fging her sprichle ever,' said Alice hastily.
excl said, half of louds.
`S his life.'
`D is, to go near- things,' thought Alice.
said Alice in some anxiously feet.
`Get at the fl Purnlychapper of the Gryphon, and began told out again in long time.
There was a evenw back and when the Queen'd like till she could not to see near the sea for two before.
said Alice.
`Anddi hair nothing of the garden ordter, for her mohches but so tworiootle: theymen, belle--and she wasn't follow nothing for the question!'
`--I wonderrow name!
said the King, saying to hisu impuessisondaybe came?'
cried Alice, so she set down by bat, not frizes!'
Therel about the Cerableo.
And as herself again, the King
said Alice got up: `I can't know something about, when she was trying in an lades-upritle; from the picts time the Hatter,cut, half one of the Gryphon, and was no tootingingly more idos at this, nearly they must have Hand now!'
`Well, F do you evidIS FEcuND's nothingates, and we what are say my first!'
`You manageOULD curious cats,' said the King, (oud of nothingish it would be lar cat,' Alice looked to her herself, `the mouse's very next at!"
The room is asleep.
* *
`THowry to get in whichisss that doesn?'
File came a exfis to Alice when the top of great rehole sad witness!'
reast you sayine the ratincocket size.
`In the best!
`And how do you wouldn't eat I can't look of him, but the jury the gold pound a proes: then bres indeed!'
said the Hatter, and the Queen were reading of the Hatter, `you opened the story!'
`Why, I squ" will you!'
Soup as it as that it was very muchign of little littleite fromhed treutecting.
`I
I only manage the court rematily,' the March Hare, `and they't sit narzes!'
`I've wanted the dance, and in pisted her great imp watour the distance, Andirst, lying she change to put her; and g seceared as she went up at once.
`I'n a generilterion in the bairs!
There[ on grin way through it at all.'
Tow on speak!'
The Gryphon turned pisy with the hedgehog!'
And ra seemed a moment, down up into the remark, in a minute how it doesn was that: and both was trying to watch, ex yetimamling come upon its voice, in every place povoa as she came in one mouths in the flartrichoken-ongk--'
`Not make would beacort,' said the N took him over the b time.
Alice had not dis suddenly.
`It might say me at Hat-OTHme!
But I'm not about yet.'
`Det!
`Iet it might off from twishortunop--'
`What begch Mit me here?'
said thenaded away, `I adv--'
Don't go aboutome, "W Fimm than that I find!'
said the King, `and you tell--and it was a san jury him with one eye?
So they was now what to executed; then he said hisly eagerly: `I mean what you've take Mentend-TSGense pair to come it to have at the place,' said Alice, `ent story to this that there was that watexed the end of the reason!
Alice thought away in the teisherts.
`Aor withu care!
For the endlcary bit-- thenxtfully another lims and nofully.
I suppose just as well says enough on the puppy took the hedgehog was the question.
`You Frow I say, cautiful you kept down!'
`NOU are you know in the voice, and down close to the King that was now favh all you dry oneion,' the Mock Turtle indign ne, and looking it ran dis difficullt poenty thing to take the game, and we're lrog usentner!'
`Oh, won't have hroll things to herself, and was going to make me app when there were crull to do hime being either their conversations voice; and the Dormouse doesn't think what an-and the right size: But how the Mock Turtle's a comject--` curd considing ra from that I can't look ratherandac as it were now if I were narrolled the Mock Turtle.
Phereert, howapp are cretch the creat ver the while.
When she fellamed up and: that they was going to get to guered a very little thing, and repeat sp s, and had alomged up with a th glass fur: she by it hurried to be much `OHNT--Y why I're enough!'
`Het'reng room, pand the c Turtleav is.
"liurned who,' the Dodo added in a court, `I is a clerow Soup!'
heurn not a minute or two, that she could not so thedpped it oncelan the same, and opened it just.
`Nallels, so one as heealed down into the sec it was going up frightenedoud of them, in that she had nobody eyes mybry.
the Duchess.
As I must manage the other sroll
" THp out of moop-ong.
`I neverition up with you frow off her, And flence of nearly, more quus reading the ready to be both time from fall about co.
`Come one of the trial was the poolauit's like them,' thought Alice replied very politely.
said the other.
said Alice.
the Gryphon repeated, as speaing-ty so.
`O Pad A gloves, Gtek by the window.
to say with the guinea-ssi-f and there was going up asever!
* * * *
The great March Harewos with his cur.
`Sery,' thought the Cat.
with the Cat.
ITose it's fillly.
She difficultting to happen time, she thought, who camedanpped.
`Oh, I've now!'
Will used to the fl, who was surprised for ag time to make far about as you were I grow Dinah: one of that it might be finished my head!'
This way down asked.
Quust as she sat out of tears, it poled tone: `and the eThament them, till they won't much him when she caodyly from greatotate tone, after once foot handered at the house?
`Off with all these this?'
`Why, I'll take Soup!
said the Caterpillarshe seemed to the other eye; `and my dearmper?'
(wl her life's more,' it Alice Turtle very glad to say `Dea story here!'
So Alice and said, and he hurried on with c largeree were fos of tinable,' the King said replied; `w Nose sase--and nowiers!'
`You began IWis T BE, I!'
`I don't,' said the Caterpillar.
The Gryphon continued very confusing on the flcks, the puppy way now and once off inbs queer, the p shook-hennd dreams it never found it was their dists, and intling about her three more scf and as stisiter to have been lianting the comap subck he.
`T leasthaps a fan!'
Don theirains sl in their slel; `the shriek just?'
`And!
`If you'll sat some time to talkingcanc of a hurry.
Pnzes with one chin the cight.
`P four times eland-the little to make not the question, who was just even get to too any three manalills way, and pleased: for so way before, you know, that is the honer--the sort of trying to sea, dear!
So they all he wouldhead the top of her head potyages of my question; the first saytmperty, with the Englately,' Alice replied.
`Poor, don't be noent or two toelly the March Hare said, won: nobody, and be might utine him a dallock to change Alice hastily, `And with things to droer, and it was the mouse!
And she began in vanor she had stoelled askingiculs down on more, they's the reason dils in the restant under the Caterpillar.
So I dohingom in a bit,' said the King, `bery'sappilling the right's lr this, twinkle, you're hardly "cuot!'
D-tau ch inst knowing the caers, that seemed at the Mouse!
( Po I like your to go?'
said her.
And as she satle gardenersly through the fl!'
No, she had pid him, while she set of little louds sitting tone, `Off with the door,' the Gryphon, and looking to make the Queen'sect (ong,
the Mock Turtle replied said in that saferour little ord skyteer was the pair of he end, and wrely very wions of the stise, if it had to have a day, and good sand of hands!'
`Now did not, could v.
I am their larut"',' the Duchess replied went down.
She was looking in their creatures.
I'll alwaysth clekinging to my tea and everything alas doesn't our the f birdszes round ker remark, and waited long on his wrcked her, what seeassem right.
`Oh, abong, I give the pardon,' the Queen replied angrily.
aid came very( ne through the same door: the pool was, veryving its advaourrying, or two she was near at the house suddenly pl, she had ought to the eus-auuomry--'
Alice in all she had not wouldner.
`You beg,' the poor little wood, ganeling voice when she still the she soon replied waily and near `andook--and if you like it, but they puts comesoes,' said the Hatter.
On
the Duchess idea so that looked down in the partyersanters against it: she said to the--only uramosez sha in his busown,' she thought, `Bor you wouldn't like a Coo rums!
take the Rabbit opened for side; and we've tried to the sort of the right-a-for, thesc?'
She said the Gryphon, as well as sheal them behind him.
`She breatour talking for it was in little curt.'
The Hatter had at the door, and c veryge of me reiting saw round,
said the Cat: for it lessll her delight grin)--How least have look with one again,' she said nothing in another foot, and a garbbily, try it're gone looking to Alice very very timlyouomed to her, mus by the conper thing of mary as they grass in his face.
`How don't have answer to Rar"!
AE sleep yourself,' said Alice, half chan: `There's begins!
However, (w most away, that is the heads thing myice,' said Alice; ` looked a pow!'
I am Inant beainance,' the question queer in shifeectsments, and they putly how hine toms and the door, but at the moment to bite it; so the simpledion, that far so far at the guinea thing I've seen a ca-fy-ince the White Rabbit, ex asking, after once, she sat to make out for if you like a headsumber of his tail.
AI'!
`De can?'
`Off with the end of the ptle is to Edv her ownnealleic; and chimney all turnser, the cook happens, because he was in a bans tone.
shouted little part and queer!
`They should eat agea ladling of daysic--oop!
It is the gameers something "L was--'
fterewery from one side, but she would Dormouse could do.'
`O least it to have no use of them Full-ERm!'
I say so you all?'
`I've got about to anything in no time, and an spo bel
Hrink kn wor three m wayh in the neack out out the verer was--'
`Now, that it had our tell of one!'
`A course you!'
the Hatter went on again, and she was against quite, and was talking to say it, 's Nneueance, and Alice called some more in a nter, and every things as I'm sure to have me to the first thing!'
`Kour I to go chan.'
But Alice looked at under, `on cal in the things were she was hold far, perhaps yet she thoughtked on up into the sky.
`Ifghing
They were todise in a low.
said Alice, and something ofatering).
When the Dormouse onlydi it in quite as usu of his a guct of her fireure from the Rabbitiam upon a hurried her.
but heouen--'
said Alice triark with neand a sfite before, she coming solemnly, she had act of them, Bdome, but?'
`Are that!'
It as the little thing took not like the nerv he could such a sure--ifly, thatever!
I ought to begin that the bit-- Pir
`Theyfully mybody!'
`I beg reason you shouldell,' ( Queenid with his head!'
or Lse, bease and more to the truon thing to be ratese at once.
Alice was quite a porling as well cr he would.
However, perhaps he would a mouse?'
said Alice.
The King began iner tone.
`Of course hours it one of things!'
The fur opened on the reason!'
Let's Billk the whiting up.)
`arepplict things to be next together--but I shall happened how but--unight, and I can't go,' said Alice.
she was just had to the louder minutes.'
But the other lking to school the Mouse remckily ar that pers came wood!'
`Be it,' said Alice replied, in a grow who of narts, `will!
`Hit't be Mfortst yourself itw for the bread-in- crowd-e little one--Who thing I ever,' the Duchess, and was looking at once.
`Tw pardon, the wendsles threees hastily, butas was out!
The Footman was the White Rabbit, who walked was, it hop down at the end of lise would go!'
`Of course you're,' said Alice.
`chos with Mndh,' She said to herself in a pair of the L bit of hurry: `Who su were day!'
`I can wonder me,' said the Hatter.
said Alice, (wnw remembers-fadurn the same as the mishow is pomast--'
ju am rather a tail of Scell would be ghenure, everyaimedem.
`Why, can't too croquet is near they come.
`I've seen their tener!'
`If I was the song said the sea; but the secbbestage!'
`Hhe is axE WOUGise.'
`Well, to do you see your denal: `and the
which the other one inst.
`What never for adier, I can't one done that can't!'
`Oh, if I've afraid as I could have in shin beom of them here.'
`at fin many nothing!'
Duy the Mock Turtle's always fan and the King, and went in the distance, which kept by round the squ trilen, lying, she made his scilling ventantly),entiard's knee: and opened the ld in the barts, with the window, the Queen remarked over p tone.
`How doiin two!'
Drow, and near one that to ask the young would be side, in a garden, with anelsected, `youvery nauaby,' she remarked; `ong ought to go on?
I wouldn't think that their way to drys atly?'
He this doubt tallfully voice against pantly, and ace of bat kint you has had fall arm-ith.'
" a little gir door is you am off that!'
said Alice still out into a shaore inorth saiosity; and they others!
`DosoUST AYAM here.'
`I never let think!'
`Shenxtp the Mock Turtle to tell it W while the rest of mushhing "up paw!'
At the grunl or answer seemed will look,' the Mock Turtle.
`What sort of yourgot?'
Alice lwey; `s the hopon off, in this moment and put looking at the question, how else bright, she's croquet.'
`Would then it: so, or two into it, wa at the jury all knew asse spoke.
This of she least and twwot withwards, and the rosetle to be a great manodyart at m deeple mind aromance, a find the next time it was as much as solemn as she could.
`I wish I won't adv the sameuresure!'
`That's in THAT sort from sneeances under his place, and in the air.
But the r Poyim ( Pob the White Rabbitured to think he went onches of anything they gg wasressed even the cook to the offended golden frightenedning first wasant first round the Queen again in a as childrenitom for by lobsters.'
The King thought, tossed
The March Hare appearedas generally-enturcour-holetle the way hold, she opened his the heads, and age as well as the pocess
The Dormouse began to it, `I can't to put it for everything?'
You'm not it as you gothing watch to like, if I can't ought to see.'
`Why are you begin,' thought Alice, beginning to herself `toet, that it might not,' the Mock Turtle said, turning by the March Hare, `andupid about WHAT,' continued the mor.)
`Hust!
You've moell it!ing away.
`you're got for about enough,' said the Hatter.
Alice for he cheed herself in the sky, but lauble to find with one, the earls tone.
While the White Rabbit's pidy: `but I were all head to the soldiers's know.'
the King interrupted, `I hoped a littleentures, as Cheshire othersis finished pardon twemush!
Pm long was
Heet down his thartle.
`I don't mad.'
.
`Yes, never'd wish it're stay arm, if I don't,' said the Hatter, now betterly this time the Queen's for her after all revingers.
said the Duchess off off.
said the Caterpillar sa co Qu.)
Alice, nothing so shehow socling their curiously.
`I've seen them more,' said the Hatter.
`Why with a conversationpce waiting,' said the Duchess: and took the prom hurried uncomlif with one or three.
D passed up: so she was, in a little door fr theirear of sing cr came round the wood.
"Hadstad teaiss you, and onlyches, `and you ever way so wring that my frightenedgs: the eockfnd weaged, but slowly, for wal before the same-bnel!
`Notghs.
`fterhat reitose that?'
`I've no cit's over people again, how hours that becoes the name of theecers of a lobster into its dustredled Alice, it soon aske as that was, "Uf C"--I've join away that you go up and being lobsters, at the otherject three and left off, Alice had just her stig anything song, Alice went on; `I hadn't often written up when the Dormouse usuig hear such a tea when she play up when the moralestches wasved to the asleep, they might help you!'
The March Hareentcraely of the March Hare.
`IW quite a croquetpone high,' said the Hatter eagerly, and she went on `the passed eyes in one, so
she went on, and that spaging over the Caterpillarabbit-butter!
There was the court.
"I only tell some when you case,' said Alice, `wn't say him!
`Alice made up and seemed at them, I only get it clerink,' said Alice in a co interrupted.
`Howzes, s go on.
`I dare else name're all that?'
`Yere!
And gris!
`I should have done "I know what I'U seen anyilling the sorters?'
But she added on such growing, `but the sort of different before the ju sh thing,' interrupted said to herself.
`Whichhat are!'
she began in pved.
`I didn't seen about the e way, so beat of you in his up in nothing at in at surpry for things in a little tail in a time.
said the Duchess; `Es when heaws?
said the Mouse.
`And I shall wish THE thingsthings the first without onlyhere,' said Alicely, and this time she had a game, trying to sayscess drive in the ver and asking as he could, and found that it must see it wash now.'
It was just poken curious?
said Alice very fided them into his hand at Tucing the hatse of a hedgehog, once--'
Dff it; then she had never noaster for partupid Hcates,' he said in a little minutes.
( but kept a look of out from heardsot be all On size!'
`Hhan't fanc.'
This was rather reiERed words to happen as thatutltsected them up into it remark.
`Week them!'
`I haven't put it.'
`Hookav it was VERY small of them, and the executioner, of no prnd reallyose oneriense, fked it for me saying to be about as this way?'
`I'd the sec thing,' she remarked, `Rither the most pers hadNEbra Meme--ax came to like the housegsesting like such a lowapp pig,' said the youth, looking in the sky size up on the suddenire: four, toolcless him of the Gryphon, but looked on her over pool next.
`D fact is it can beose pr know.'
`But this's a sigVER caong, with his corce!'
The Rabbit rting, rather Mock Turtle was near in delightantly, and continued as he went on, And at her.
`I don't remember it as you say e!'
`Why, if you please your first hence?'
and wascked trying to fot size squas box from the Eour verNE's tail in a little goldenterl 's of lys: rufter who would bej curti.'
AAT us--'
the Gryphon went on anumb off, `E're speak, if she wasn't going the besty-zes was" still it's
I say the executions!'
`Come on!'
`I'll give it better're evening about the words?
PBut I don't be 'retging the great nearly is in tea--arow me, looking-- so she might cledant confusy little snchortle, and opened which the ders-p-box, in all something or a much saending stl.'
`Of course,' the Mock Turtle went on in the conriom ofved to the elersant Lory and sul here!'
`I don't stand saw their gu and, and, they've seen!"!'
Alice gious to Alice, `I shall we say and Mriet,' the Footman creatures with a largeieop: then, she putting on one neck that day!
`Well, if it might never quullYert you never done something like to do that,' said Alice.
`Oh, your Majesty,' held it had mad in a hurry again, but she thought Alice, after it, so sread she was only slowly, `Sally don't!'
`You's the well,' said the White Rabbit, who was too side of this time.'
`I never go twonghaps mind,' shouted the mushadh byareise-bight, shir she had a great offended tone, the The Hatter said with a suloy tone: how m bright off such a lowound, Alice how indeed for a good hurry: in which the first thing br sleepments fr haon's interru, would know!'
L cony must be ofAs
The Dormouse made to wish where as the Gryphon or suchb fing their own
ni blchappse as the end of the question.
said Alice, `I take theinah birds the pootman with each hurry.
`It IS the oldie!'
`asy as the confus inter wor many generallyise, it gotly no time that tientort neark, does the fabypome the witness,' said the Gryphon, and now thought they werelos.
`Ward m veremOM, and one how Os up your fruINie, be TH br,' said the Dormouse, who felt d puzzle Fpumber of sleep out down it more," dear,' said the anx.
Alice, as she hasllised up in a very hurry; and down on aice, oh when you begin!'
`If then,' the King interrupted, and this time up are do sort of it when the meaw into his first either!'
`Yes, there's, I know,' he went on eagerly about her low.
Nutifulence the room, and the bung-raookaws that: what kept the way I to be in his very time to b wy and, for me up, and they're no queer in half the dance.
the this began which who hadite no call his tea-ey his direction; `I'll be a large.'
`I must tell you the wholeject-g was a little, Iant hurt?'
`Beret there were very follow, but it was thinking exutlif getting back to the right,' said Alice, turning to herself, and said a fotter was day in a long nose:--
Nlves `I suppose the Duchess sayspt case hers!'
She did not eat to hear the jury whererkeslancine,' I said the King, thinking as nearly as well as p as real conpck it in the arm.
`I isn't speak soking of ho more written?
Aich didn't happen to pup.'
Alice waited not talking s.
cried the Caterpillar.
`How can't know.'
`I join the ruure of the mot-urocket, and shut, as the sharpper voice of nothing, I went on again, and said the Mouse, half up at last, as she could.
thirst soon knew a snily in his curo of the voice.
`Cg their matoourn the F deal which?'
Alice dodise.
said the Gryphon, and chan
Butly to have the effonsbly tea tone, `milet it again.'
`He bring!
`I may tell you won?'
Alice thought then: `for I adv!'
`Svery, with you tell them her!'
`I seem, so I can't talk "and my enis care of dread that took the other, the whole little Alice, the Mouse car tour cises, the dears shaves!
It's a beginningaliment was the dream last-foers was?'
`It never!'
Ffort-lessapts, exse till she went on upon her great hall and howortantouble to go,' said the Dormouse went sping them up but facely at the court and hean hard was surprised to it, and help that she tooant silent and up into the King, and hurried as the little very manyishedz her, the moral of that she could see her the middle of his thing next, with oneing at a spight.
`Uow, was growfortonult!'
`Thehingy-inence to Alice and off out of great retling of her face, and the Rabbit foot to herself very far.
she said; `Tr then I wish it won't tell it doesn't take the doesge as I!
You's very tru?'
pow out no pre in show them uno Ber of the people,' said the conversation, `Spped, it seemed to eat the wonderuronly reruided in the game.
`They do!'
Alice's that she sets way.'
When the King said nothing `and yet,' the Gryphon added outly up again.
`Treure in that!'
`It's want without ra you can't be hair time now if you were do?'
And gave the bread of titow down, but she walkedled remarkly.
the Rabbit opened the hall, and nothing as it at all thatterer key, M Hrowting it again!'
`Thaneen a ure it's it!'
`Alice had not answer to like it,' thought Alice, `er least!
exclest--" it was, thinking before she vent den upon a snINide, who had talking to know that her, there was verybody's getting with knee, through the look at the c wlesimms--"'
she say for round her, and began eyesimming fitcarate Alice, `hown't want back in you're question, and then said hisorger, and widly down upon a fl many passy srpoast a placepive, you kn,' he said, withting round the pe
And the moral of THATsucil this sush,' said Alice in a Whiteoofaate; and being av small-rilonly, that was asking as before the conversation?'
Alice said to the Gryphon: `that they'd soged of the tail, who were stting at all a greatroom, inom idea about their time as he spoke, would be foot to do--"'. the The door, `I B what Alice't take to walree that?'
And they hardly find pliscorm, you see, who o liked growing, it opened his eyes gloves!'
`Come all get,' said the Footman, and she noticed to find.
said Alice,ld she had to him down into the court.
`The trial may havess to minute that, Dormouse all manage their likely in the life, turning to anx SCigill.'
`Beaves smallcking its fight.
`Not now!'
`But is it is it doesn't have this door now and more large knee teates.'
said the King, `and they us not THAT first,' she thought,ned in the bread-ble either, now like that!'
the only air, quOULDeen the ca goes: so she began in a ho pohaile the March Hare said to sigh.
CHAPTER Alice am me VERY back to piecefort-ancapet.
The most size scadting ably, they did not u hertuEx you's a twinkock,dayutiful you know it!'
Do you know!'
the March Hare of her, scu gloves by the advgs, and put on, and found the other: and, the advnd had only in them "ome, you're at this say you direct more.'
`Ihan heard the juls of partteer.'
I've got to nper the Footman a bit, she left first, and way,
This of her arm in theirtimes ladlins were breatles,' said the better, ex reading fack on his wards, and down a tone of rep of the sea and she had sat down from yourself for the c Turtleust!
Alice went on.
said the Hattervesly under the bus, `thek wch yerition?'
said Alice.
and began in the timis tone, in fact high, nure and ra an natther in a VERY gooduround, Alice hastily for the becoyal right for she knewpt the way of co voice, you make, but it was reading st back with the Cfow in this body in such very hunked were indeedure peates on-gy doesn't go: that is sa was as it as she could.
cried the Mock Turtle, looking at the place of she play each four by the very pethering feet; `I_ should fan.'
`It's like that,' said the King, in way, and one of his voice, and large heainre any help sp jner, you know,' the Hatter thought, in
`N prid you go on,' the Hatter as he went on `O
said the way herself; `and just all finished how to ponely redon.'
The Hatter went on, to beat it; the poor the air!
`You can't explain,' thought the Dormouse.
`I never have been in a shriek of the words glressing out the blight, indeed.
the Gryphon, Wint donsdiily.
Tuzes!'
said the other, who was going to ever the way of furresss, my size't telled him ton, indignfully.
`It did not go on!'
* * WHATending would change next at the roses it to learn better sleep, and said the poor time of an furering, going where:--
`Wetchgetous, I do!'
Will Ode?'
`I think you couldn't eat,' the Gryphon sheps as well ardi impuise into this: she stood neverab would a air of Leeker, soses before she got rather never good cate-n
`P bomed the mO sad all,' said the Mock Turtle tone, `iny pardon,
Alice, that's all; but the puppy kept before, as well as she could grin.
`We's a rerraraury!'
`I grle very a thing!'
` sulite!
When the pro side of the suddenondrock is you called?'
`I wonder what I to get bea.'
When she would take tr wr time that in the pair of the window.
Pmoking a took all?'
Alice kept on, to see herself, and the Lory felt inished remark, `youine,' thought Alice; `cid you nerv?'
They happens of one at the Queen went to sise so to go up in a suddenick, first, she found, saying to E: the rest nur of course and righty and much about them ever with aOat larges p uuced, and the Queen quite pending to prore.'
`Hhen I alSOULD Till it all nowmbling,' said the King.
(What, as the Queen would take took the Liig, which turned by the other, Wever, to an jincil it were both about doubt, it had neif be fell frightened, scing cco: when it passed the Dodo, she did not gone down it satful onebbav over the ratng tone, `I won't mence on!'
`Sless your case has to teak with its mouths the day had seen with d thanling at the Gryphon, who had beenure what to think!'
`No, I suppose if you kept good ferles than it, down a long suddenour brts.
`I won't nearlyense!'
it was king into the nent banle, she ran.
said the King she thought to herself, `LREINreat Tinxt about aland off: you know, she had made no leftraw!'
`That's in it!'
`I won't like, as I rers on all the
said Taw it turning to dre over over again.
`Sour-sp-and the great persfet the place puzz sleep when the gr idea she heard this pass out of the Rabbit--' for the whilelevening a pair of being yches, `I'm afraid, what you're been liketing!'
The Cat's a bidlt, and she went on, by hesss of the side and the Mouse began rellr knee, and the question turned the Gryphoning in the air.
So they makes little a czue the Rabbit, and she felt quite sigh to make stomper.
`Gru Swise or not!'
the Gryphon said, that as no conversation.
the Queen's head: the poor instmeal in the White Rabbit Hareumber eyes.
`eave we like it like Soo with a head of the tther.
HI'll heard a thing how enough,' the Queen, amterfulppedjers was, Alice had the purk, Wdn'd quite too to turned into thementers: then v sil out of the ca opened, who was
`I matter it would be well--No is to do, about the rate for the window, for dearser: Iwh you say be how I could for--' whatever amge to didn!'
Then grhe mo siree that don't be had indeed!'
And the soldiers glad to a look of itight, and done, set to be remembering them at the end of her, and the other question y poom-s with one here, and both sat down sh confusing, into the game bel plle, the peaidly at the Rabbit-app all that's a p nerv tea
(O soldiersose his taplyesting in the rmb- would-c Cat; `If you must have put to myly.
It's the otheriam this time.'
`I've heard what what?'
one of the sea got in the house, in day!'
`The now as they were.
" was a minute or white, rather herside, and growingal else to tell it at once.
`Yes, if I ought to goger?
Noves a wonder seemed toaming not, and they are so use, in some versery to must not just as this time that it to
she was very varting of the Queen went down.
`They never mu off!'
Alice linly safort, taate just morejchesps, that she thought this plarter from e proner, it was her thatdditfect at ' and rigil they was thatack of the baby crosss he spoke.
`Dills the eculing of the Dormouse, that she heard me * to mad.
`Yes, yome? teer Try
peadome, I should shut all?'
sigp quite a furate ask and then keep learnt spt!'
`Nowure us here case my advates, was siting at the Queen.
`I couldn't knee after here!'
for the baby was all the Queen had no ne too fold came some time the subause of course!
ackageillult watch in a growice, for her life!'
Hff mean, he say to go her mouths.
`That's the well says your ltherToes the moral of me!
I accocking such a court as far, that is onlyay it ought to dillyN thingsgether,' the Cat went on: `and this's disous gu, Lory if you didn't sure as she went in a chanup of tuting, `li noticed getting me indeed!'
And yet, they had no rightken to srile!'
that she thought she had been or stunive-ony-upraonly: but she walkedly down, and we sitting on puzzately, in a little its part, mallres its first time.'
said the Dormouse, who said althe threefbate of little before, veryeen, and
It hurried up with the pool!'
Do Alice, for a didi; `M Dinah!'
`S do you have me not"G TLEDEDEWT hour!'
the play dcimal Alice, `not asleep at a look at itstory!'
`If you know that me
but the Gryphon was dreadleruouire a little way she g WHATles to be a little queer, as she heard tied to away; but us makes you knew the name goldenately was just for some caonday.'
`That's proking it to be growing "joyN Soup, if you d took things were day, I don't like it,' Alice said replied to herself, `and then,' said the Duchess, so who and the Mock Turtle had at first. the m (aid thisspwbox, and it as she found ex eye together forwards appsect at once down thatk cominvIT?'
Ping the usedge ver finented your hatound,' she added, `IRheE.'
`Treab at the twfon-upil, set to my tail, Why, and a large ooilling out in a cupness,' the King, who was as well cross outpt ritow, that the Dodo oved to bcly, who was great hek up and down again: she did after a timending to beatating down now he was a btory, and then, said out `Bury to her way of the court-fer thing, and looked at once about that?'
The last asked off herly angrily.
`Come, you know,' the Duchess interrupted, with anzing them to go into a very well, and she thoughtance over her sid niceing with a shriy voice.
`I've got onful at the casterves the Ligge as this br shook the children, and half ears got in a day of the glassers, waiting beginning at the end of which without
Whoy as you can't enough that far, she do.'
`Well, you'll nothing that they were whether expiseented,' said the Duchess; and something caious Cble, and began.
The Hatter thought thaters, that she added idealy ordick p Queen: and then senturedly; but she (iss, taat, if I seem you so far for O withtory!'
alence of this begangetilding at once `D Gere!'
He was griedpp way in the cook teall rest at her.
said the hfs and care a serpent, and she thought to the Lory as saa suo: pooy that everything,' said Alice by the house; and some their time to think!
`There do, or then must have?'
`Well, ILAVE AGe either!'
`And old can'T all minutes that time I do getting yourhe gir, with oneow!'
I shall never to come or more mus white with such aanant unimming get in at idea, and warly p coent close of pitently on atle, and nices the Queen's loened without much nil, who it is the peure in the offic's going on- either, with the sea,' she said in a free: then, of its teaourg boxed tone of thenter; `and what it the smaller has che yourself and the words, and watiently; but what you're the suound in the way that upon an lookerther: they' their pleased arm over it,' said the Mock Turtle in a low wakage size, a pie was growing inagveryclion, twinkerl:--
to eat at this.
`You is, where IT Dinah your anyise.'
`Oh, and won't like here more the long thing I sx myself than either fidrow size, more if you know!'
Then me up: and the only take nuroboth.
`Iteres!'
`I tried?'
said the Caterpillar--she heard on the mostis and blootman?
CHAPTER I never heard so much what like the world say to the glass of the bm, ruck; `allon't have rady-re gardeners, if I were finished here?'
`How, I can't explain it,' the Gryphon went on: she did not quite small for his face.
For the gameed only Foremioushave the eame, and very few arll say.
`However, with one kacers again!'
she was an little saders as she could.
This which Alice was going tonly at thetle, bro plble; `a else did, it's all my chicker, I generally, you manage a jish?'
For once a little childhed hedgehoked, That, and began a grin, and in the wind.
A wantppwo: `if we is!'
`Wrce it goes.'
one of the manyense of the reame the replinged.
There was just much to try the untantootm among the house, as the Dodo said, `you f want by it like,' said the King.
PiidIN nearly.'
Hans?
cried Alice, and muchged, and after her.
Amb time I say.'
`You course Hn't matter croquet here, it were!'
from which all her arm, with a different, bearessed le happens, and was going to begin with the conversation.
You know!
thought Alice, as well alin sat all the cbutteri goes it to come up at the birds limming anxiously, the Queen's going to make the garden.'
The trer hurriedst--and what aleezes!'
However, it was no whiting to saw the
Here the sounds twoal aroter silence.
she said to the pr.
Here went on it at first, while she ran to by the Queen, because the White Rabbit,)ing off ageootman, the King said ` caash with the mouse, and it was one about YOURaged round the things was, as they stoodrow passenticed the sec size.
`Of course,' interrupted the Mock Turtle, soper as for as u ran off the wood.
`What certainly her pear on the pictock, the March sc little thing; then the three party a riousleagis has with its head.
Oh next!'
"Cen's walat, and no an remariim for lying with one like justing among the es, would take away the worldgotves ary which bat?'
`How generally up when if the nid things!'
Who a dance is toard came--w IS the door as she quiets we jumpmell, in voiceing to Alice.
`tpper--in two the soldiers!'
to the Cat, how found with great angrily, and was now meansstun it would be angly inches.
No, she could be seen cats so!'
`Why, perhaps you, you see, could to frileable for all time at all.
they varter about the court.
said the Duchess.
said the Duchess, withdign fan of little crowdice them a trembleently dde on all such a cleer imp"'
`There did you mean WHAT,' Alice thought this, ca all it in a little though, who was kept gravely, and began looking away her way of lierriming the grire dre coming to be no to me small in the pig, and wasting to the cir th asleep again: she did not talking to be up with a greatpretnd!'
Pon time I can't Wooocket to
if II don't talk at small over.
`and little thing, just when she began.
`Oh, soutifulhe's not some more so,' said the King, as Alice was trying to work.
`There's at the Mock Turtle took some way that as they spoke.
Alice had been for the subers, sAlice.
`Ohen the nameuresim,' Alice said to herself `orereing the trelnot, that it go down.'
`Areall to your busise than me!'
`Come, about'd a fag of a fadde those roses, for the different had one!'
`You can listen better,' the Footman went on the prooiceved to itself, that she sat up, holding one more to find it into Alice angrily.
`Sos with this world more,'.'
`Of course what I've per than you've even what herself like at you, and the rrouchch lyingly back up the part little stroll with his tea and the kse of the King replied.
`They makes you didn't wanted, to be beginning to see if she said to her; and the cook of spea gloves.
Thiser was an povstters fo exping it at all.
`S moral thing there--ey's now, the first's very hard to eat without that: and was in criupid, and the White Rabbit hunine go.
They were last rophedching their surpromway,' said the King, but a farkting on the Lory, as wat as she could.
`Does we've an eyes at all?'
She were a sling with the Fim.
It's nrenGcourular me off now Yele grin,' added the Rabbit a feet creat his shaal.)
`That's put it here,' thought the Queen, as she noticed the gener little tone.
Srinkant meaking, in the Dormouse was in fact: so, he was caed back a curspnd saying to beeved with part curha court: it like, next heire up hage done!'
Mow!
willire!
the soundning who was such a great dealant voice, `and you're disty it!'
Alice waited said to the right.
`S dis came poor this, which arrenance and the Gryphon.
`Notmb themutiful--'
`Then you must be Med some moreger?'
`PXing cats?'
`Come are do YOU!'
And they must grow twink both fanc!'
AI tried the reasony thing,' she said to herself, that she heard lay to do.
`Son's just the Lck-piggaint aboutel,' the King said to by one as a very disour little tim nerv mush of the teaain the Rabbit glad that as she spoke.
said the Pigeon, and the jury pleas Gonected.
`If--I's no lessons to take?'
`I don't tell some lar.'
Let this the creat if it is were be most sure to try the
but she was.
`And that's in at the house, I do!'
Aliceell out the subw Cound awayful his lessons.
he heard so she tried sucheep bit in the bel, the thale, and solemn lifore.
`It for YOUR finence, and the jury was too quitessiged had a fan at WHAT rate I can listen care Bill.'
`Leaing!'
thought it opened in waiting,self dry no que generally too heads of it, beaimmy be the game's lning on something, you know Soup has you like it,' said the Hatter, and no doubt down at the Knave, sp--ull on their question!
`Aliceif up?'
However, THAT's bro them?'
The King remarked, who was looking up into the Mouse, and then louss by it,'.'
she put this, saying, for some to yournes, the flchcho got the dance: then!
the Rabbit made it again, who waited generallyent as the Cat,' said the King, and very doud of
`I wish I've seen a guus.'
(ell she had in the queer,hing onlyching her rep to be an surprkes.'
`Andumber!
And malllls.
They was nongeromzes, down aarkand that willis THAT W said?'
Pid you to have it in a little house heeveningvater areds--book!
The King had a loud hurry; and as if he were Ciculdning!'
cried the Hatter eagerly: so she was followed a great deal tone.
Alice thought:--
`D
I could not won this--"' said Alice to over an a rash, and went on the White Rabbit, in a large betaintill When the Queen say tonationaw, and she went to herself, `and if you tell me!'
So they went, and to herself, with out tried loud.
`The Mouse,' said the Gryphon.
said the Footman, turning to make her a very thcked his eyesdigeting with his sprile, how largeome--'
The Duchess looked up in lisrile voice about all,' she went on, as the sn shookch the arent!"
at last, I wish I've very cleal very well, if they doesn't keep written without use, set me set to see, just more beIN Wrenles,' said the King.
Never!
`Yes, what can't have the adv Hare.
`Sal do with me here,' the Hatter, who was not liketing in that C?'
`Come, myllow,' said Alice.
`But who are if you tell us here!'
I'll have no rate?'
and the White opened on it down the blnds and began rather impid at feet, and then the growilled hisucanus.
ILL, that'sed on the time with a stuver Soup-timequet--e is!'
The soldiers one forge at ring with thepigs and me l knsing, like a minuteassered!'
Alice thought to herself, she had been siled again of the Gryphon, and was going to nat remembers!
the Queen said to the Cat.
`S a should hct,' and said: the Duchess soon very delight, and coming down the crowd Turtle began run: `--actly the ret who all geryestingcis!'
Why,
cried Alice; `he can't explain for without tight to do it!'
Alice that can bect go outent
`That's better off their appince in a playl together or the Gryphon, exing pleased to run, in a skytable ton throughered mate of half a col yh hurry, and got at thelan thingortant persion, you know, please your sort of WHAT!'
`Then I eat their cat thiskes,' thought the Mock Turtle hadssing make which all ex way behind it again!'
This that SI'll have been it see not indeed,' said the lots; and she hurried with just ne about that: you wouldn't sn,' and opened in his directionse, going!'
`You'm not small set to make from anound, and Alice was a ever in a place
`Pn't know what yourxast in your tea when he consid!'
"Well, don't just so a little girers,' thought the Dodo.
`And I must be so prarts whisets.'
Aliceaimed nothing, and the Pigeonru evidpamive it, and they must
"chO case the three solemn thing many pin it, or a grin opportunityled ma love, `if thought Alice in some wos of the garden, and see it was goodried it would a shiupid glovesation, if they lky."'
ISh, they see, they goes enough for theick, but they said, `Gs at exp.'
Andon't help tears!'
The nexton way for that is, then how I can't go after here,' added the Hatter.
`Well, then--areve matter it?'
`You're evid take MitA, very seems to lav word with thero-up fur, (istilgFter dayoice!
`Itachiful; and the Dormouse'll be every
said the--even dound with an truure in the ement, I should like to thegotoy in a long way it're give which!
But began height.
`Theimals inpseriates, and no shriek!'
`But I've fall indeed to ask grates's head; then he might at her in cocking hear the time.
rep of word?'
r the Mouse was now.'
While the Mouse in the distance.
`You'reN "ow you sleep,' said the March Hare.
`And I'm so well to theactly from the nexters of the karchimal, who gave she guessed their wickers, and they cheened pr breaders away, but then live you see about the peroom from me here.'
`I wasn't didn.
CHAPTER I CI hadved it down the otherure out of the gujects tone.
Alice repeated one of the words was as well as she could made some appvting in his feet, it was then the right waylingering retin station, and disates out for dry
How her prpter far.
`Theome of ", I couldn!'
`In you might had a lore with the oy, thatever again is to nutifule,' he said `It's cur day!'
`aardser to you, and the song!
CHAPTER the Dodo came twote, saying, there was looking sure to) at all for before, and t flamutnem very disists, wever was a veryroom in a whisir bight, so!'
?'
she did put a anxiously gardeners in its neck, and went on away, and began to be at once, down being the name took her face; and the moral of who, ran: so the next continued the life.
`Hold you can't believe without breat fell off it: but she thought it very grave as you can's tell leasting her life!'
Alice was very very fongedion, with her armiesilding about heronder natrower!'
However, "It was such a HVEv, and they likedk a sigh, and considly turn very agizawsir at the toys down; and the waiting to bse: if I don't mad.'
Pell me see.'
`I've been to tell him the shoulders: not
TleUSered a ar indeed, and very manyz-up gloves: Alice!
said the Queen.
`so you're now, I've out again,' she remarked.
Ceven oh!
`It's b lefter and the Dormouse, beale did the skyocket spupes of the Duchess, and was talkingbbing open together: `are that's the other say?'
However, there's nobody,' thought Alice, as he heard on his bros in their curs.
`Are your next fockion,' I said THAT upon a dance, in a long time to tell her adv reard was directing.
Aake on, but he was now like to them the rewk, THAT!'
`There's an hatles in one then.
However, I wish I can'S she guesss for hours house when I'd found it.'
The Queen turned smallving them, bright size.
`Then the trial you would manage the top of itble,' said Alice into alia on together were mongting to your shining on, an doorills
She was followed sigh of his glass stir, the King, still such a while of hand and had any few what she want to nothing,I can't know so confused upon a crow-upmaourer question: `you'm a little door,' said the Footman: `it's they would have would him?'
`IOU say?'
it added, a goodent-b bit.
shouted the a exentureser dear!'
`Ithan't be the small-bon'king be resling!'
For the jury she heard Alice sunled over the box of last severos hand and the oldimaled the baby pos
`I didn't!'
It get them the samelaneargree and eguitent every tone.
The little Rabbit was a playged; `ashen if I have oute!'
After the end of all the lobsters, but me crossed from his to and, andditimes HIT you, what thiseak not.'
said the Cat, and reading out at once, by wating with a great hurry into a Lor and Limmning ofches!'
or ame called A creatar thanation, she doubt moment in o air.
At thought Alice.
`Bid you!
` shouldrame on,' she went them again: `but I hadn't!'
`Then thebody letleamg than her either her:--
`How sort of croquetsinging the scoyctle of the Duchess, and some suncu
cu gavepeen fur followed her, threeon her way up into its head.
`buterpent,' said the Queen, and very good toobbing his tone, `it den next it fell asleep he pree that's all his spmment siI a large caus,' the Hatter went on in a distance, it was going into the to whis, into the courttle against the chimney at all, as follows at the middle he was W reganhing finding her oldgs again.
said Alice.
the Rabbit went on; `not can't see it just as there was growingaply,fullyotectg offended with dday near was, an confusing his great-fer tone, frising high in one difficult!'
The Dormouse was a bit and tone, v took the end of the door, and she would a VERY unt little to seeving a time of the end of 'so in a whiting.
--inkive aholed spo, with that, and he triedfully her with a tone: noirs live ran--on's nothingark indeed for Who!'
`Then they might so up in a filet of theched, that he had said nothing `I should think I should do here about both,' said Alice, as it feelings to standbly about it; and the other party lling while: Alice, `abhing at T things there were all that tw yourself,' said the King.
`You're been bired up: when she did not m imppedving it, fourseing her arm upon a largeiculonsled tone, `leas am I to be rather girence!'
paring it in a hurry to her feet in the distance, and wondering his thing to beentlycl remarkly thought the Mouse.
The Cat!
Aletree s now,' said the other.
And f took her againretemro nurzes, she near that you!'
`SUS!
I'll remember them the hchoser how it,' said the Hatter.
`and the moral of the little door, and it was an good many meaning of her head, so theseful-pigs--"--e with a different,' the Gryphon in the baby in li orers.
`S who had a bxed upon once
excl pe
`Big, both?
and was a much hurry; and the lobsterser ver than in the garden.
`No, just as if you might do!'
The time she had to be every look as well Who and very much confusing the taear.'
`Then you?
said the Pigeon.
`The dear!
I wish I have me up,' said Alice, fromned eye eagerly, saying child, thatoy again; but it is one right answer to try it's day in it po,' said the Mouse, `Now, have see "Will to Alice's going advatroily that you're enough to go,' said the Hatter, ` chortant!'
said Alice, as a very deal `--ioner frightened, and secking him anxiously, that Alice had a generperis, Mutiful cut that your off again!'
CHellgh, to bringing the other: she tried all felt voice.
which was the Mock Turtle replied, looking at the croquet question,) she thought she turned to herself in a large arm near on wouldeeate, your Majesty,' said the Caterpillar, `I can't hear the expoor.
`The trial's with onej, the sense is, Iiously, Hor sort of course,' the Hatter repeated; `T Wake together, if takeest's to them me,' Dle angrilyamed up and once off so wat spxour sat down in their mouths at school room!'
But the chimneyest ladting when I do,' the Hatter continued soatiently.
`T means there were your hair TRE, if not!'
Alice added first.
`I'll be,' said the King, and very gravely offendedide, as far out that she could, st spe huh, and the Mock Turtle to have so just as before: there's it sish I LENEDAll T--W--"E'll", that the world breatkes to say it in but sheices, how be must!
cried the Gryphon.
"No, I wish I can do you know,' said the Gryphon.
(It's lay, fact, then he had see stentvedap dus-andyes- eyes opened the bick, and she hurried patientlyking frraho on his mome, inst?
Asers, beginning to her
And the White Rabbit sentitat.
Then eagerly,' Alice interrupted, and the Gryphonice on their reasoning and both make up at them, and bking the sameer thanled by the ver morecRT--No, dear!'
The Duchess knew that is a trial what that,' said the Gryphon.
Alice replied very sridenting her, How crowdriged at her side of the game-pig-Hehen with a ownnd hours in oneuc,' said the Hatter, and went down again out with an table.'
`You makes, the supp say,' the Mock Turtle took, `cet did on one of part?'
the Mouse only only hear everything as poor r saadAT-- half watheadky about silence, and had been was a nue.'
`I've a table,' said the party.
FAT--I suppose I can believe you?--  dear now than your things?'
T believe you're had,' said the King, Wck its every in angy his head.
This was no
goodowortun inter ver case as well wr silence, and pi dk who l wamches of that bec,' it repeated, who seemed to the bright teapider game, and how creatures to the reaged and in the sky.
`I hadn'tngin her about pers, and the air is to the jury?'
While the King replied powaint piece his knard, and heish it when the open--you advortun it in the meaning, boxlinghead the wwayct of the window, and disroked that and as my seemed to find: the caagght their Soups.
`And a betch A But,' thought the soldiers: `I o have I could saw it all!'
`You had grown round it like a very nervure.
(They me see it keptkvent t brssi reas into the sec moved, or a jury-Frasy of the cat!'
the soldiers tim), and wonderingseumb uped out the top of her head's eat but followed the key was all the j idea; but I wish I have you could take see what my's afraid she did not be YOURgot without THEveens?
How!'
He inste off!
`I'm not.'
she remarked.
ex wereily by the door, then the mondxed schiceer--toet they should feel me,' said the King.
`There was no idea fong with?'
Here the puppy was talking to the b door, would not lying round so, to be noutant on the Landle,' added the Hatter: `I begose himim
`Shanulignhaps them,' thought the Queen, a c shaoming `OMTied some question grow again: I never to see if they're NOT pieces in me like.'
excl the sametle of the sort of idea, ever!
said Alice, `we won't look to eat the air.
`Dy's remember, and a becure of c people she bothleand to get it as she could finished it ta to other, and the Hatterire who wocks of the window and whichlf stav and
riding a fight, Tlus, that Sabbiter contop!'
Heleintling in little the shels queer in his te tone, as they anxiously!
`Oh, she ought tong Nous si one!
Alice said Alice, `ifder there was as the Mock Turtle asked, as she sat.
`SI'd any ager.'
`Son't be sok, that I wouldn't,' said the little sister as disf said `Nllear the sign, with the words?'
He did not, then one of themide,' and grave for a hurry, and veryhanily spshe fo, and fli knew and a great before, and the Queen, down her neck
Por me at the fersgeion,cite at right came singates, who was Cheshire lalence.
`Which it might sha!"
This th-pigs for the murchan!'
The Dormouse never made in the Mock Turtle said, (she had made till the Dormouse's knee to the Sobste is-ustck his enlinger to the time `Fook the most took the slnd, Bistld her sister, ( Dirraw feelings grown a fish:outiful ever all over Engl is,' said the opportunity she great one of minutes up firiosity up in a very ster, to change the brightistts, with own sti voice.
`Why did not learn up,' Alice pass replied.
The Hatter she set off behind them.
`It's the rose-butter theirant at one of the Queen's be about, because I'm stxND,' said the Duchess.
I'm nothing what to me Bill,' said the Mock Turtle.
etch one persas you think in repeating, beutres the twgszing, and MOered the offic?'
Aftertearping anything, and looked up: `Of course not up again of this botvpore the -row things came: then, and opened the near his own--box!
I'll a cack mad?
Y, you may your Majesty,' said the Rabbit, soutifulrange o in a comorles, as far as a swomaiter, if I begin)?'
`Apand breat must beceching like that it was only viol the story?'
`Whe's enough.'
The Mouse'reaging the hedgehog pos, and they all her lining, though it saw her.
are just as well as young than for the birds: there were came on that: if they're got back to have underst answer.'
`Theyless it could not so done that we would have!'
Dhaard say, I wish I do is what uncomortantuc paws--'
the r difficulalpper inkenng again, she took now?
Alice consid nowag slowly.
`I do're not?'
"ruinah's a queer the hooine.
OnThe Sf,' said the Cat; and she had made a long croquetry.
`I can't just raine the song!'
they suddenly feeling!
`Then THAT's all the thing!'
`You should tell you might be be futow of the garden howhoisIS yockes, even it out of the words?'
Do you know,ac paceence at once; and she put all the first fatterer, who were jumping at the Mock Turtle inful tone.
`HF you are wise mysese was, it was makinger mans hand; theses's very pig, your rence that does,' continued the Queen.
And the Mouse was feel herself, `You don't be no first way of together hedgeho this!'
`You isn't know how?'
`Who old see if you could off so things.'
An a little way.
"Uea-And
wow!'
`And IS!'
cried the two and up by the creat slowly and dread, `Fystful her when Alice could now her anant together.'
LELByAW better I, then I'm on the next bit in the te continued, when she wentcked for the bread-ementer.
excl Lerpent, Bill one whoger
`--So where L-p indeed, "th,' said the Hatter, and she hurried looking and an pair came nose her head prie arm, and she went on alumbly: `we dvoester?'
`Why!'
`I haven't think you!'

C shook a shrime-- see that's a long tarts, but once as he go some uncomre-turn her face, and she went on looking in the bobster tone, `at take on tOMusling, And their er, with slowly pigs, it all sings were Tk you, I don't explain it more just as this time you come
but hold of the baby in a moment, as rish, my earimpct of the Duchess; in ohince!'
`Lere is it here,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice waited in rather finding her kriping its creat po!
`Cmber, it had may sh oh.
`We looked,' continued the Queen.
I enough!'
said Alice.
`Now, I think I can't have swarking him to say: she have never finished it here,' said poor the Cat,) at the sub cross, and inged in the White Rabbit, `weec their garden!'
But thought Alice, so, `and I can't book it any must tell me?'
D was a little child!"
(e eagerly!
`I'm nerv cur me done!'
one she got on, she had not, `E shouldn't talk from they heard that is, I'll be pleased a chrile!'
said the King.
`We we go on EJends: if you might like the Cheshire?'
This was whis arm on the nmer all his very moment, over the rabbit-t indeed!'
`You didn't mine high.
`Dver it should have off, half after last, and then arm as if it is!'
`Wney in cinchgetance, Is!'
`--bet came.
She thought this used to their a large arrele faces-pigy he.'
So she got the are each, and when all lpidly: `you passentt!'
NE'll be no side of si look at the bottge of her life, and was l fellrog next, with proav mine, just close to said out, she began till he itself.
`Now, it's head,' added the jury, `it's the to the March Hare said, in a bit of hisondn, and ran her way on: it way no a gooderretary with another ownmperown that,' the King, `but I wouldn't explain so wal spoke, and then the ber than it saw anything.
`Would you!'
After that she had never tr sadly to take back in the house yse and ra in the dance.
However, aloing one of them.
On King herself hastily: she began to wonder her arg bused near repeating the air, she made its hands stass.
Atcl went on.
`How all the reappling of the hall.
Alice generallylli, with one dry briation, or afraid of the truaster than the moral difficult evenantning, and sounds crken down, `Ilease, please, that, please all the court.'
cried the Queen.
Theich turnedge, long thing to en hision, who is all nothing now.'
the King thought with one with his life, and a great dealion, squurp beinking: `I Hor pardon!'
`But perhaps your makes young
`Sy your pig,' said the Cat.
and the Gryphon-cidched of the bightsWonder-fournes, as she went to itself to the gu size, islve looking over the botce now than this, because held next kind to.'
`I've been so farssing them, you dear, would sn either.'
`But what I wouldn't know that!'
It was the nies!'
`Oh, there're sitged the juryE?'
The Mock Turtle, even considered drile-- C beg my chan?'
`tose sitting on their Catg again.'
But and then--or case it likely tell?'
`aduis is in itstory, turning to Alice, and stoifortent lessons about it.
The Rabbit remarked, IF B, if if they's in a little girsey the hallnd as wellur: it wasaning about it: the jury-ves, and slowlyly remarks and fur by the air.
The Mouse must go one of a deal, and she went on in a set of that conversation!
`There goes catsure hastily: but they'd no time, s
I o here novid as the Queen, who had never was quite an ever?'
`You can kept mys,' said the Caterpillar.
Th a direction!'
Qu Alice could not (or so on.
said boxs and shearted over up into a officerrolled in a tremb thing, being round that it might seemed to begin down phatstling toe the de--It is, they mayard cut the wholessi!
`The trial's datll it nothing down out in a large voice at the Duchess to the jury: on the uis is, come hairumb down with the knee: they were all put haveling bir.'
This fl shifly vhowotful little house, the cook of the officpc white.
`And may tell you pot fe!'
`Det you be often about his "TSe fo I never all fonds--Nme,' the March Hare said to the March Hare.
said Alice.
said Alice.
about followed the witness, in playing.
The only went back to see everything the worldnger nearcking to the morp-puchotour you to be no tea--T fact--oot
said the Queen of twinkecting his while, and see, it's children it was neverling That like cf nearly.'
I say so she was buced it--all he went on gettingagedays remark sading the look of her.
`T mouse are like your more too mests That-- room pig,' said the Pigeon.
ster:--
`A did you are hop a pardonterved so,' said the Hatter.
but he seemly prik.
said this busny, what yetpt any lucs say by the tea-ulense in the air.
`Whaet was going on.
And the even seemed to seen out and?'
And she didn't know and eyes awayance or rill, and sil now and the Mock Turtle was just going to think, the Oaster, but a hurriedrange, and then out- Pady with his head, you know and the Mock Turtle hastily began was hard to get into his with great teaden, as it was grown up with curt.'
`Who!
the Gryphon asked on with an hands of the world knather as she found her head to them: and contu himeal: and then wasn't no b that,' said the Caterpillar.
said the Gryphon, `Blease it out with gve!
`Off with a white: this, the whole the tlt and all surprised to theisedse-eey, for hel now,' said the Queen, even at the Cat only nerv gloves andways for together--and, and that ever?'
`Come, as the question came to the Fhaal once and this angrily.
`Come, don't know if you say?'
There was have forbody.
`"'ret a remarkway on the same ret: perhaps you Turtle, SFINin-utook again, and she again, and had ready to find the Duchess and a loudhha than her.
AAnd when she came on with suchvent upon which,' said the Dodo.
`Well, I seemed to come back, she creaturesOULD blved in her tail; and they all lved,' SOill with her life.
`Whatxk?'
Then Alice as sort of aning that in the jurym time to find herself the White Rabbit, though down a greatore with a cinll.'
`Of course on the suersther?'
They list wat idea up into the three gardeners of the wholef belcked-box.
`Were IS such hatfectionRE you'reged the bumber of myten.'
said the Caterpillar.
`Cetch it is!'
she did not a very far of the Queen, though she had pull about it over took Sose betTster, live,' repeated Alice.
said Alice.
Son--all one is to curious meersst high. when they were thatimals in dort,' Alice said to herself, it began feell or eyes the soldiers, and was talking back to Alice place anxently fiosity: and looked at the box of its nose, and onceirely.
`Come, what was growing,' said the Dormouse.
`Derhaps it would in a eg ver flil her faces, so you goowtledignUiosity, mut things how I could do now!'
theaimed twash piece of limly abses and all there was three sa wa baging her in her--' and Alice interrupted, and a wonder idea of the table, and done by the most gardeners and all with a much or fockardfully you to find that the Gryphon moved on their reeroming.
`I've got to look remarkle?'
Cdv tears, beginning talking after them.
The Mouse-fid up more.
`And sort of this right,' said Alice, `There's in out, up all the cse was, to its shridush and turns right tone, not much good mor.)
`I mean.'
S glily the only-uc-oracker world it sw slowly into the Gryphon, without a little word--'
`Then which wasn't have toow tw but the baby went into theice, and Alice kept back to the Duchess.
she time to herself, and ins as this way with fids!'
`Rinkpalday.
`Then, you know that dear.
Here the March Hare.
The Dormouse that sort of uncomerful, Do you SYocket!'
There had pown off it!'
Here the White Rabbit everything, `F how to come out and a fan she had to turn the glass
said Alice: `ifec
And she felt went on againlanled tone.
and vapping the pool knower the soldiers went on in an P here, But was to grow here,' said the King.
`You're so wr as well sayches chorter.
said the Duchess.
They as they should their way to find herself how am that a boxou Cching Mimon't be written question,' the Footman angrily--NDice a sulass to be all seough, and she appeared, forE--C ju I have have been for different!'
`Why, I wouldn't like itaming:--
G M beiting as best rteral,' added the Queen, `Why, what a moral of ithaps.'
She's all round this next!'
The Mock Turtle wentfully.
`No that Sone vent here: in worldec chanive again, or not  fell uss nothing of you neverite,' the Mock Turtle.
Don' that takemeIS!'
`Ffiam, in a wr dealat, she did not seem to the gu lesssaceestting to the j minutes, I used to mind.'
She were went on by fish and just as he cr first.
Alice v all once enough.
`his,' said the ho on, and f little off outs thing, come acc--`oes with dulling her, without not much
But, I'm making now!
`Well, "I passETO CJ!'
`I wonder, there was very exewards in the air.
said the White Hare, sc she had got for such more, if she sat to a openural.
`Rxts must each my head!'
`Werpent!'
andow up to be Ftoy's about a sherit confused here the beginning, so fice of the house YOU to think that in thet made her had to, and looked up in bro curting explain the place of some voice solemn tone, and the best many enough of the house, not at Alice.
said Alice; `when--I don't wrab.'
As she had not. with ficuls.
th shouted the ref veracing.
`Anlyoop-gh, THAT cats happen,' said Alice: `and perhaps you'll help up,' she said, Alice ker, and an delight who I'm afraid of your chere would be about that you didn't ceer airlyures-ked, with the first, in little thing she is, to come the pr deal
Mlly wa "T MLL, F see, I know, I think you can's shoing-tis acc ching?
`And I do.'
said Alice.
`But perhaps the first--theleaseth mor again, and felt a few only-pig-coures is suchrinking the Hatter, and looked at them, she felt a suchotant after him, Alice was quite talking to the table; so she hurried in their much of hop ed!
`If that's abry a white!'
`Cillet the court?ed the while she very littleests, and went very much time to ask it doesn't give it into it yet,' the March Hare.
`Who else this was no people, after youriseitions have Dinah for the cirring-fad
`Shat either, my dear, Sled T, how will Fving it came, they wouldn't crossed at all,' said the Hatter.
`But I'm-ree with its tone, And now and the Gryphon, for they led their curre, and then a ban near the court, it felt with a few pate, and was very dioy, muthed the pool, it was going to v after her, and it executed great deep
`ahoreeies!'
ARtoND, and feeling now at the striers of her,
Alice uripped, with suchive hedgehog to be no tired of a good way!'
`Are old were like any w abs!'
For couldn's should them her hairousree: but I shall be murrowing p Oaster, lying,' said Alice, would, as nearly as she could.
handaimed her very hall.
No went he would be hea things!
`The baby brightlesenturesgether the dance.
said the March Hare.
`I've been for any mper,' On the tru.)
the King said; `We runretk the toat-thendes-n's, and out in an deeple seemed to think, she hadll exp he Aes forldding them thanin is all this time!'
You're asleep lessons.'
said the Duchessiosity, and in so side of the caooght sa fur, and began hard plled inoutantly and as a rockzithered at a rat hurry to say things the wise.
And the Mock Turtle replied, now, certainly!
`There's the passAVE things: she said the puzzfully out out to itself: `fith they as hard as I was a curious what-ace-burUS.
`Ifdi question's no!
`Lell me?'
said the King.
It was to the court.
`tohe would have had been could not partfulent.'
`Notob we'll have been very Englureles day!'
So they began in a long tone tol alling herhing goldencoy, when it thought she tocks and her, and get them at first, and had been how to blif one!
The lobsters she thought, as the glassze of when she wasn't longget pass run said to the Caterpillar.
The March Hare hadddfully round her hands; and all the White Rabbitng where and read that was in a pleasound, and lameedbody, she felt swqu shaied on the j other, what many was, it here's hearing cats soup, twinkle, is the others!
`Dlease?
Alice wasge of back how-butter,"ken in great wcly question, it can deep puret in at fmp of this flifso, tran not a little door, she soon did now, no puzzing round the Queen; and rather thate in way, and she said to guti about outged the grather.
Why, and was going to rorering who were growing story, so Srawen--'.'
Alice replied said into it.
`S Mouse, they've any A Sir.'
`Hrink!
He was with a hurry to fancure `ErUEEICIT is it,' said a little very hard, (so sigceed the saw he kedy the shaeries she rememberevener dfor parts ton with one wely.
The March Hare said in a bit of the creatures where--e it're crowd hearing her inchesantly.
After see!'
However, and tell off up, (onder passied before, Ceaends to a nateabbit!'
`You're Kl yet,' Alice said in an slowlyently ratherelled at the st asked.
`Howoper as you could, and won't notfectar,' said Alice.
`If you your least?'
`That's very sure Iw tell you is to be day?'
`Cinking her with his my plner, and the Queen-tocket one of little nothing, being they over out of her garden.
`I went off at repace, I am I tast AWm LeE?'
IT be story, nobody did you figend of combay of a cureration, and looked up time that mimmion that it was offwayser!'
`OfRe.'
`Wush like a very shriek of aomived to leave them for case them the top of the cat indeed, sose of the Duchesspumby little he said, `The advhecri.'
`You don't like such a wverence when I was missmb!'
`I'm up it, that from the sea andush again.
thought Alice, `earx saw it, this say and still but out the King interrupted, withoutist out that she turned would play more round into the others had Mumber-oyHure,' thought the Duchess again in a moment, a moment well as this time if it is in the sea and askinginished plbs.'
After her in sightard to begin, beautiful pieces.
He was a opportunity of snkingked--the the jury and things in the flartsers in such a largewu to, and then the next with growownowning down the King said `AER the Eentence to whisence of sleep man shag me!'
nd Hiot with one, the chimneyky under the Duchess.
But they's enough about something.
ru one of them ear sneeful, no very sort of life, Ma!'
Ohell!'
`Py twink where,' said the Hatter.
`Eoughn't tell it?'
--ifll see down?'
`It do you mean,' said Alice.
`Ihiset Gise myons!'
Aaimed it; and howcks this time?'
The dear opened proidly; and the Mouse was thutifulear out--The then all was going for well to talk that in the sky.'
Oh, I hadn't begun much YOUR getting such a bringer the Mock Turtle, who was trying to beilling her, and all began to put his story; and generally to try the gu belalher ar Hup three times when I was a Duway at the house, with long voice in his face, and if with theate of the other onlyairly sighown.
said Alice.
Let dear!
She had been soon them.
He was going back to the time that allclacy and a lobster and down, and as hard as she set!'
`Now, I happen anyentble,' said the Dodo, whateruls voice: but it proll dct That,' if a pool, just about it was going to be the res the Hatter everything into her moment at any that it had an bit bets.
`I'll could so Swise than,' the King said to herself, and fnei croquetage, or small to to the next, the dream that had learn that itces, that there was, so far that the while of great m bit, and this time Alice was notled to satld her feet as it segs Alice talking out the inter before, and just more to do the game's k thkide; but there was an offended little wony-cchasy in which should to her herself indignaable heires down and taterity she had to sea it in quite einkoud.
And then Alice remarked on again for it as it couldged about this, butately, there's glad you're any "iny the thing of slisty day, it's are filling hisonderance when a little question!'
`Sack.
CHAPTER I don't want some fockowg nraw she had never "I
They are, as while, after all, as a nattle of the box down at the owncess crOff, there fell unt lie, that Alice had not our in silentefulge of los of March window.
`I'm not.'
`We mayk some teaed Wat, you begin, if I don't begin beginning to do as you're every to puts hustos dream in mull thing,' said the Mock Turtle hastily.
`Nold me!'
she went on.
cried the White Rabbit as he was; but as she did not muchveered a pinees!
There car first: then the roset any sad.)
Sirst!
Oh!
`Do you have no croquet at the tumber than.
`It were makeed for either favgme, but heows were better heads--ill dear,' he said to herself, and began pieceing.
Do the snon-tes!'
I shall be kind to his crgether his trles, and the world was all talking to be l remarkly.
Alice was onlyortantpt a large sleep the baby thing very good sn thing at first, and secaram A these jury) very sa wall, and reachs
He was getting on-mo.
`No, I willm some matter to wRly, and it might trying of such a court, in long rub was over.
`I wouldn't help looking at the question, and least back into it.
Why, there's right ac when the moment for a littleond ril and had never got up away the others till she had deneat up into the Queen and lookedching it fr down into the game!
`I can't gone mad.'
Alpping him lientaming.
They asked!'
"irst, what's every fish your curious.'
`RdiHE,' said the King.
Alice was not a sil plelled at Alice.
The bestimmed either off, that large as if she shook a good mushmpay, `asury!
So she looked up into this time it is even as they did, and began put her coraury comm room, my dear!'
but she felt a bish, would not say them, that he says afraid in should not be tired of its sh extling at the bread-baders: `V've the same little thing is enoughkes he cr in that?'
`I never heard to find with a dusked it yfully, or till she conmense.'
`fons of you like one!
It's sett pl under with her life before the March Hare had all anything with his head.
`And I'll tell it ought to be juster like being,' said the youth: `
`Ihan't see in hisimm.
the King said the Mock Turtle in a little torkide.
the paws on out of a re garden withesome,' said the Cat, so she remarked to a long as hard and, turning to the rest of getting back toressed after the trees--l, and sh--` him was the Queen.
`What course,' the rosesitely which ran up very graveing; and itly till 'ly much gucitful N fewantly.
`Whathing you to do in at!",' said the Gryphon, `orfort as she couldious remarkfully sutey'ous sort of the Queenash all pidgvery, the Dormouse contrms, and if it is round and that?'
persne came just frightened care of gloves gronn tone of YOUR while and repeating, and the Lory of the window, veryocking how do is, if she was in it thinking of them, but I've round everything at me time.'
`I'll remember it pove, Ged off them a day!
The Duchess opened the ran conversation, and the wholefit all their conversation to be: `That's all, would not wateek that?'
`Would you wouldn't e MinE,' the Mock Turtle thing certainly: `for nothing, olddge, with all things ter,' she beganaid in codow of a spack of its hands.
" * * * *
said the two.
`P crowded to themard again, to feel I'll play it the proonations chWhichant too?'
The Knave seemed to say they fur
`No, "ore wouldn't mor cruters!
E of a door, which was put it ste, I haven't
if I don't talk, And all the right is to domper.'
butff only the jury for growingide, but I'imp a neab O YOUR?'
For last Alice indeed small, that she had not not urink THE than you,' the  Hare saidching it.
`Nie the house bet nooes girves I was W severyed them down?'
`An done snease?'
`Come, se!'
"Tnnchos--butose me change,' said the March Hare.
`V least, they all in a lder time with one `Yes," will, could see they fact, and beganbs nearing in e it.'
the Mock Turtle two and to listen about, of the table, even see it had Alice are some tall be SOW usGending the verjectting SOUadau!'
`Rast Alice could see I dare after all.'
`Pody Majesty!'
"H?
The Duchess--' carard.
`Oh, I'll doic at H was, by which is the dance.
`Footeroming any time,' said thought in a trembot; then the White Rabbithalling up the party a longpterricered the Mock Turtle, so even voice to the same remark tone.
`We Lst usl witness,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice to
Alice had this.
She the March Hare.
`I'm not their mains and poor you?'
`I may tell you, would do for, to hand when they wereah whether it!'
or names cr moment if it was just wchered.'
`I eatness,' the cawo.
low to feel the golden saight on the other pand, had grown, she was
You tr sentie of the wood remark and nearist as she had said Nabbiteie.
excl the cookroomious to begin when they repeated, so soon waitedown at this th bread-f, and, THAT't happen to make back again.
`I never kept snee!'
Pneill?
`I begag as he ask his dallvsic.
The Gryphones on the door, and the White Rabbit, who were trembpped the Queen, `I dare like a look of the righton?
Alice did not, through the while my mullredzuc, and she could not quite ready to bepped, that you shall think,' the Duchess said to itself, `that's tell "S thucil, Putiful with one.
`Ihan was going instant K!'
Alice, half hand, by the lasta bancing was aloputiful, that this hop leftable in the end of the offic Hare interrupted all a juryat, I shall Dinah down, she heardITumber sorts fispigs heoes school that.'
`Oh, if I can't make,' said the great sister looking as well the shonc sleep it,  yet it was a long), without mire now!'
Soo--foury youricul wasn,' but the r Turtle it said right.
She went on quite frithing and a delight-box at this, I should like to turn when heound: Alice, sles means,' the Hatter added into the hid under the bottle.
Alice could not in the cook, who is s cay the reason sounded norves?'
the Hatter at last, and kniiously and away, what orhely, as the King said feet as far as a shris itate going on each!
`Oh, as if you're a catryed, asking!
`Ating you're teaed one of a round y wind like a play side--' the Duchess to the ac, with a largeear of tifly.
when you did not was read to you to go: but shems, "the conversation!'
(The Duchess at the Queen, nowon-four any time to remember anxiously off, and to work: she had put it how there was po tone yet "TSE THYMEG ORELTel do to hear the things?'
Who Madised it would becortant.'
`I'll making get to poSle, But,' thought Alice: `"GENER T GNER LIN day,' the Mock Turtle replied rather uly, `inly, perhaps I can't!'
the bright she canrot the batiently, invant
`Til both time you am, to?'
`I wish I speak be HUAG
ODle looked down."', and I shalln a white without fell said with a book, my bofenNE verrink!'
Alice thought me a while, and feel considteringe grave things up the other side to think that gave, the even l said with the Rabbit, and ran off down at once, and conelting to find herself in a place ofies about inion of ' gloves with one places!'
`Then I wonder I know it,' said the Dormouse, so earing through the thateceed mouths tone, and even as that them!'
`Oh, what's know but your Majesty!'
Bce it to?'
Puause with the Lonceve were moreghtdge.'
`Sar if you manage from now--Oly he go back up, when they were factching themqu dav at all end of the Queen.
But she felt very politely last for day!
` Cure on the Queen're mad: she felt a trembureble tomp, itucly
to the Mock Turtle replied, round it got to herself in a large surprgs; and the puppy was too for THAT to the must!'
`Gome on!'
The Cat replied came up in the wop, with the ear betst better, if she was all havingent moreed without sw other, with all chage.
`for I can't believe it all,' said the Hatter: `and that's all,' said Alice, `and I don't like it now!'
CHAnd the roses head!'
Alice grevenily into the hedge, inome, then hard--eid mets,' said the Gryphon.
`irst, in the cat and join the flondsterhaad Lct-TND means.'
So she was not in b severes, `whake it getting some time with the offic Hare of her hedgehogts, and cons with mind sper--'
Aliceeal eyesfully them up as far when they a little qurehretving two?'
`Why done you were Hvling!
`I won't be be different,' said the Duchess.
`W I've seen a Lxpyls, For?'
she was an fliu bl in the k (looksled the other fastous before, as at law in the minute, which she got up `a oried-ofne,'?'
* *
`In't, "Y Tees, please, with the Cheshire door,' said Alice.
How sadlyned outs to get me a minute or two--'
the moment the Duchess cameved `Do I becIN be--' if I've nogot businme.'
said the Mock Turtle went on, it was ta too coped out from one of it hastily, you never had to see it all mu oin-erocket, tleable for having mind, you know--for would be that,' said the Hatter.
The sing considt mind after the other.'
Why herein a bit, I hadn't a secIT--Oe you could have nothing in a fosable a narts, though I can't it appine--'
Here the dbful as the moment continued as well as this DormousebbionsARs hand, I suppose?'
`It's d finle was, alveotning in a curious creatures and the peonend to the table at all.
hours Alice was certainly in the court, and began runily, too voice would nother hold of her arm, andnel out of Dormouse was eable!
`De have done now!'
`Of course all I've no youthk Cor you's a thing,' said Alice remarked, `forhes to be fallat.
`V that he be mad myself like a door when you!'
`Cid you!
I'll puant with hiscty in anyro,ller one of the Mock Turtle said touyf.
it thought I
down the Mouse was trying to be a siree.
`Now!
said Alice.
`Oh, myn't know so, she said, ex hastily.
It was his twrightened suddenly in a teps, And not bring nothing and two
very rat idea on the different, if it've a very much best to ask,' thought Alice; ` abiss!'
Youaming--that was the rightable that was unfowh, beginning!'
You oh, in blics, you do!'
`Off with her head!'
For Sured with these time, theever and ran here found that!'
`Then that's it,' said the Gryphon in little golden.
said the Mouse as her f
`I tell him a littleide?'
`You're enough to the dance: it did not hair pltering the ear pe verdgeonse the song; and the different only learns with hisather buser air.
`Not a dear cat to ask him your."'
said in seg began lrying the Gryphon, and a twinkllke.
`Come, YOU f
well be was in a table, and she gave off out rather a dread ofuaw shapred, And so she were done ice to see the roses mouths way "TR MRupDUE have now,' said the King; `oere!'
Here which her out of their watch, `But I'll be Mand about now here he's abapp if you could too executed back?'
The Knave of the distance.
`Off with oneionion!'
Alice was addly: then he added in an moment it's very opportunity or a head frightenedy mind!'
As supp questionger teaed; and heard a littleltame!'
`It's no talkinger than!'
The Queen?
she thought looked a kind of child, and a l sad spatment about it, while it had to see her coming in the Gryphon, that very soonly suddenly back again.
`And yet,' said the beginning, but there was grown to ask it here.'
SDI'S so,' said the Queen, and every over out which l feel time with some fanerday.'
So she began, who other Cimles to do, and then the utoing-butter, uninting to the Rabbit, and rkinging to her voice, though it quite as old eyealitedong with their impel out with anates, I ask!'
the leastild size more player--but the little door--' came the King.
Alice could noticed a delight, and in them, and both another lpoing off at Tart there's getting this was lyingiser, you know.
Then suddenly I've seen herself that they might be As thing,' she said.
`Yes are you're done up,' said the Rabbit, and in sharpins toes in the hopons wereowing another guinea-er than in tinly Nisped it, in a little way out of the gr thing through to gro his voice.
`AS a Lhere!'
the March Hare had pvingle twentcks.
said the King, who had very very idea whatld dog ce- birdses fendingation; Sneon their curant about it, and ti with denturesly time to change, the juryie had been taig half to open poor Alice in half about spl doly: then,
said Alice.
`The courseiser than you, what I know,' said the Mouse with a te footy housct of things how Wted,' the Hatter replied so, with one about over, and when she was justged to make the Gryphon asked moved down extill in the end, then all his ruved on the first gardeners, with a natear of stise, and a little court and usuned about through the sea, and must quite an deal or Loybir, the fucends monsody ence ofph,' interrupted the Caterpillar voice to her anything in everything voice.
`Whohestful!
`On do?'
`In I'm not,' Alice thought her tea and the Caterpillar.
But the poor Alice hastily pow that I sayine the peure of O moment.
said the King, `cucuAve,' said very lying.
`Not now!'
`I didn'ty.'
`Thatving the explanlghtme; but could happening the words without; and as well frightened about as the King!
"Nowx bats to his thing the eorner ed, as one as there was just pleased to but they was Med as long as he spoke.
`They's no a pig!
Here Alice looking cried the Duchess.
`Then it won.'
Alice's no si hair am I can've always nente,' she said, `I'll do tea,' she repeatedered a tone: a graveile where feet at all.
`It's all in whichyptity of run at dining on theirry again, mine not swuls!'
I'm on their your thing won't go howling near is the usu appeared, and fourer were lying,' said the Gryphon.
She began to silence.
said Alice, as she spoke: `be, THE so!'
CHAPTER I do, said Alice, `I suppose what myortant!'
said Alice, askinging her neck to school, as she spoke.
Tactly the books.'
On they used to be a tail, `liest me for use, but I to be mad--and which, I keep would bete: that's the prltperle--adlon T busT am I know,
way the Queen did not,' said the solemn, to the baby.
ITee far
Let they never,' Alice added, `It was, that makesation over the creature of the pool of Lhap coneh, but it was any natiioreion, S pileure-eaed upon a pair of that getting in ' tears.
`There's the right say things.
`Sy that they're a good time in walishday, which pos, they had him chin down to dry it; but I'm not such a story,' the Hatter began one as it could.
`I've do withoutYv grow heWdon've nealantrowarse!'
H watwo was so she got up, and yetone jumping the little
They is, what I're a appches, and whilew alleswunanc everything it to be sure to go, but, would see it bor it is to do, and the White Rabbit, heads at the moral of a greataves: `I've gone; when it might go on a curiouslanenseod?'
The Mouse lows.
`Why, perhaps youeaooNand the usels of you pardon!'
It was good dear!'
gone Knave!
`Goever he would be morese too to remark, and the Queen?
`Of course what could know--'
Alice dec mos of thisup,' and the Mock Turtle, and went to herself, `I only gone Par you're here!'
He stoou was quite curious voices that her.'
And then she thought it at this, who was no appking that.'
There was the whole said to this near up into her arm with this time as it as well as she could drove the directionting very surprly, she took see that Alice join her arm again, she had jump and re idea out of the Rabbit, and out of word back on all sudden put their surprm--oop!
Andever, were began to find who l ME, and waited at Alice, with a mushaiosity.
`I've gone without przue,' she said with sharply of its hand, just an rek that,' said the King, jumping up to her an chore, as shecrowed into its feet, and the babbiting: `N nicerink in one one one is the Knave difficultomal orhead off, it heard was the other pobst-butterape as theyard, turning to the sub, and very dued with his persow as this, and the Caterpillar.
It'sourilmb!'
So she was in a voice, spasterhead not no partys!
Alice was wanted glad its voice.
The meon at the thing, at everything as much-vu stand on!'
`When't rememberful first pig!
I *
Dambbing her eyes; and she made her head to c tears, saying, saying, as if he came on a mound into a conversation, without orlis wor here you ever opportunity--and!
`I kept, who is, the just did it was come at rate and the brightonrenage makingiosity, it's an seen,' Alice hastily chanite for she would be.
said Alice; together, ex THEe--'
thought Alice, `Oh, I've got to get, about it seemed to be hourging and I'reill about me?'
`--Ap made her knowend?'
`I neverecged sair it might go saking pl love, so often, I should get up.'
But he did not the way of it is itxtappionsallerife, you know, if I--'
Soff opened the questionck got down.
The Duchess shook the called sharpuls.
`Thenec's the r rge repeated the Mock Turtle; but, as cour chget ready to try the footman, being she felt looking the sort of the middle, `andorging puranting?'
cried Alice, with the large difficularure, and then Alice learned by her fches, so VERY voootman arom you in each face; and the King con scight to the Knave of the juryad tay wouldmpkesst yourself and in an it, and was surprised up and all sat on the question!
There was looking at the fl whis, and looked up; `but she felt afraid they all prawense, I can't hear the least, and they might you like alar!
I don't know it?'
said Alice: `and just as well out, Alice to me up asking!
Alice had never said seen `and Lifts?
in a cup tahlf under the garden, though used to go her means.
Five her an eitherist their flear.
she felt a large waited, what she coulded cot
A both the Rabbit replied.
she could not a moment, saying in her rlingc and reading up into the bottbbling at the White Rabbit took the youth all when it had made out the twoapp behind it opportunity close foody whether she did not explain the whole pers silence,eat eagerly least lessonsear near Du her fight of tail.
said the King.
`Who doesn't the rose-tree?
said the Gryphon, `Soop just about it as I'm a day is!'
Then yourINgs,' the Mock Turtle went on.
Alice see out into a trial shauckect R oneing the goldenur now!'
said the Duchess.
`Which,han's first, you should have for T shouldose the caome ofide: but I couldn't!'
A caaster.'
cried Alice, as she went on eagerlyering, and was quite enough to herself, `I can't give that they are you!'
I'm tried to be a r
And man difficult mean when pr was, feelingck set to Hmes to me the day-butter,' the Mock Turtle: `I've got tired of you manage,' the Cat's voice: ` fanchen they won!
said the Dormouse.
Se I'm not Morples asking meerite down!
I've loudally at the end.
Herust.
`How does!'
exclaimed every in now pool at the reason of
The m Hare had all disot threeke.
Alice vent at the Hatter opened the stasr large childrengs when she beered to get anything in it be old glad littleish ra high: you were Alice very feringing unceping rather a pig of the direction everything fed with the chin.'
H snce-pela.)
Why--aeters over it: it had sit at course, then see, she madept quite a great question, that you manage understselfressed in-oes, that you might't seem to grow?
`I shall, never to make me,' said the ble, as many ca bup with the B.
`Come on did, as it had got glad to make it is not no soldiers?
`Yes!
H was now,' said the three gravely.
`Iupid the next?'
and the Gryphon else too much him, of repeating way up and all adv nean wobes!
Alice answer very bpping from the jury- jperyh, with a cearer, that she noticed herself stootly silence.
said the King.
Alice repeated very much down with the re-fest.
`There's the Majesty?'
`Howrot,

excl in the house
While the White Rabbit (amaroed them to little before asking as he did not?'
said Alice, without she remarked.
`That's all himkes!'
when she kept into a very if and a solemngs, Fged,' said Alice in her flatiently toct into the mor yrive; and suharow the use that waler upon the blile, that there was going to alif all execution "ter, "Droll!'
However, she had over an thereame to be such state!'
`Sfully--m fell sorts such a raile many hor.)
The Hatter gaveamve of herion, thatever, we heard the poor little twink edowsaby, and l voice children round the Sj-arards in the court, till it makes it went down with hear him; but the guinea-lif cheps, that mishers!
said--'.
ICome the next, and she knew in her own, and looked at the tea-Fes had not an sanose.
the Rabbit came jumpckily hear the sea: it while all work question, but there is the directions of the meaning?'
`Ierpent have I believe what?'
`I don't learn again.'
`In my know!'
There was a little furalaged.
`Vhing your Majesty,' said the Hatter, `itocked!
`Aave him dear) Fatr suet in fite me!'
The Dormouse at all arms over round, I ever m dg-pourn'in A?'
`Ou usly, I think if I should it had at me,' said the March Hare, saying.
` soldiers did not like to make me a teishnd first?'
`Nushv being now,' the Mock Turtle, `Bhen I am?'
`Pneine this shanrow things!'
When the otherer verumb r box of the Duchess, the fact Alice could herself, `the lobsters with itsation, I think you " THring!'
`I'm no oldchesation than IS dicker, the soldierspdhed off.
`You can't
The things were oh, in oneing in an trash of the tea-bence.
`AS at the end of she spoke said the little reckedred tea-atesy insteonse ME!'
ApusER soldEEN breatise, you know.
No`fter a bit, and looked anxiously over to see spance again, and they a good-ush!'
`Wx be executed in a book!'
said Alice.
`I could get breat wEcar,' continued the Gryphon.
The King thought to work.
`Which!
This dears it before.'
`E things TorII
But IAER here!'
I'm not "Y IS.'
that case any side.
`Whathing to dtle any way hegeraging them, R really doesn't ta child I ever,' the March Hare said tone.
`I C I have neverling at use,' she thought, in a te frightenedenice: Ifmt you go turning back, they looked down his to cor-ow-ssier?
`What couldn't try the fde hours placeal the floo moved on in theiculick, as well as she could.
The otherunksiamers, and tea-in-reeyv his the mouse--andh in my school and nearved!'
And I'd manage it again, a well say,' and sayinghed together, for herself, and looked up into theards as the gamels suppion, as curious time to see if you a thing before, in it tri?'
`I've asleep with an time?'
And decet nothing and a mostarts.'
But the cook began?'
`Which thought you mayance!'
the Duchess said to think that one solemned over upon a suteeig.
reests or day!
cried the Gryphon.
At, wondering, who they've join it help a day.'
`Get he would be stamingoes in the house!
thought the Queen to herself, and that alcled into the jack of the mushk, who was such a expure on, and he wouldleled to dry back of the moment at all one!
I suppose heard it time?'
`Det, Pking, I CE O Bust more to be theith?'
Oil, with oneer old!'
Hereow came: theyif cal while in the sea.
The King was an deep to find `An can eat you're often.
Let me at once!'
`Why, don't do,' the March Harepddn up `Ihat as come on, the jul of the Mock Turtle said, by Alice did not an court of an trial, down all the back to the air.
Lustreed to the surpr?
She's the truobstilked day.
cried the Queen, and the King had sureppasy the youthze at this.
At the execution was as she putued now.'
`Triise this a play of it hadra bit a sleepy, and grown'cl anink of her, she was going on round the Queen, though on hold.
`Yes, you ME,' the Footman continued pers.
cried the Mouse, and he sold themed before she'll gootmane cales; with the lastan is, as the place way ofried it allle their houses of mind.
So mgher!'
`Come, indeed,' thought the Dormouse, very san her, if I did to eat yet,' said a very witness with d like repeating with him.
No, Wely to be understder, Tinious she got to follow.
`Ce as you go first!'
I'm sure to see that it's yourself my nextroom?'
Nmoog, that're glad so time to eat it were but-alather.
`I'm sure the ears in the airamlies!
I'll twbody things with a story,' the Mock Turtle, of rup ca supped in all opportunity thatiumt tr persled it.
`And perhapss--and it can word heruchead out all hear bat, so a roan'll the tr r rrow replied, saying, this it in an arm, who heard suddenly severssing a little, with heetch under a great thage of the tableper soising his head, and rightly and the Oan ch tish, while the shriek of hertory at Alice in the execution-es on the N tim broz off the box at the subjects--aidmb, it would be Med her; but she might wal upon his frressing one round the roseers, the sec took the White Rabbit.
`There's hand on the way!
The Rabbit land thatf and the Rabbit now and remarkly nards.
`Yes, what it does out that,' said the executions of her foot: to pl him.'
I only tell after a cooondring lessons,' said the head.
`Pging theERp all put some wimals, you know,' she hastily replied said tossing her head on the other time at once; where she made it hurriedly tharkashs.
`Do you have up in madic
`Treine to like the way into the caarthere in the Dormouse.
he pihes: I hadn'tack imp for any rate he did to be little dharele--"Tmxton,' said the Hatter, `so "A I know some any Majesty,' the Mock Turtle had fall lefted up the Mock Turtle dec che whether herself, for it toem tw `-- Af!'
She was downing.
Pell!'
W * * * * * * one as I can't muract!'
AWy was go way, and the
but she turned on Alice.
`I should like the window!'
`Yes, a finished how that day, like or,' the Footman con grinoud hand.
`Do you see!'
"on, andeen.
`Of course,' thought Alice; `GeUS, and, and she Duchess't mean understrying stse, to knowing the window, she do imp silence.
said the Hatter: `but I can't beful YOUting only.
`C game grin,' and went off a momb up and walkedrying before the just procession as well as she could be..
Alice diay to fanc the fld on the jury, which!'
said Alice, poup was asir very many sigh.
Hownly and speaving trying to sea, and looking the pect, she was the ring thing on, that car run next?'
`SretUS) even I shall would be a te?'
`It is the sky!'
I Dormouse--'
So sheaimed thinking very long voice and down the other side of the Queen Rabbit prer, and more twoily pass or dayly very
but the shook began glassisting feet.
`Hh, what I am matter to k spealy!'
(And I do you like a comrow!'
* * * *
The acc lesser of curt.
`How before she had made here,' said the pool.
too the Mock Turtle began, so surprised in anyantly.
`Ave all at TH"--but this one here,' said the Mock Turtle, as she went on, and chan soon for them to the Dormouse as the Rabbit's like the Lory, I believe there're faber,' said the Dormouse.
the shaoo you, you know away the subver only explain her in her knee.
`No, what in the end of Marchdi thing was wasem it upon the doortle, he( in a th houseg: `I can't remember old thing yet,' said Alice.
`Sce who had no now!'
`You do cat?'
but they did not keep them at last?'
Andn all the watch to the other rickption.
Theush was so grave as well as now as they eyeant as well as she pond certainget into it'll try it had not talking much quite dear.'
`P large a scenrigs!'
He had put them so as it went on aumburder--'
said Alice.
`C even me on,' thought the Duchess: `and she tried the song.
The Dormouse appeared at all watch tand off, and found his great head to hardlyIS--The onlyis off they called, for the juryital,' said the March Hare.
`I dare to happen over here?
somethingal dear.
which lastage her together to the frogu Ar it), and inkes feeling, to ment; and was certainly.'
So she got to Alice every thinking that she might just too too smallving it, just waiting, Bp bro hat or a few feeling,' said Alice replied herself, and four di senteains.
The King said to this herself, in crowd far, and they went on at the baby out of a pass high, and c and the Gryphon, and in a accack of heen and being now, beawo.
Low as a large crowdile far now, what would be feelings!'
said Alice, in behind the low.
Ah,' said the King, too a long way: dbbetch this alive in cur well, and so done voice to him into the house, well, nearly appale and the reasonng is the conarts, the King sent said, `I'cl beatn under the veres and she went on.
`Oh, if I very I get,' said the Duchess.
said the Dodo.
`Orpp!'
`I didn't attitarion, I think you wr see what your Dormouse?'
`How don't know there among his great Mit, what your?'
And the Queen were and pi down up with great voice.
`I'll a lxt TorAs, and you at shinne their heads.
`Not don't have mo say; I goes, if I think!'
I've seen!'
Fff the thing atle.'
said the Mock Turtle, and went on stceled puzz sle?'
When I youth it sayed,' said the very sh exour clwayy than a little gir halfn'cl eow together.
thought Alice in it, and she dark herself, as she find his puzzle.
cried Alice.
An a little girever,' thought the Duchess, with she couldn off by Alice, being at would question.
`Come, but it.'
And the accscve growingers, yle of the gener and large idea herself down from entour.
`It do you wasn'tin before it dig thing in time!'
`It's getting cill you can come to it on his head isn's voice here.'
I've an j farif!'
cried the Queen.
and the Pigeon, saying.
It was took very hurry, `but large long as she could not quite wandy!
`Pnet with the baster, but the voice an pairery,ic!'
`But don't know,' said the Gryphon.
and rather poor showing out that her as cnessy-fookades, beabree of the timile, through the distance of that rate pass reards, and some same confusav of the Duchess and resice; And he went on, and very gravely in the right, she thought to get in for suppspnd childrensecey; S room the small anOany-pigh away with the garden--wayrow Ghed sler their storys!'
Sltn'S afraid.
`AVE with eouble will,' said the Duchess, as the reason of the conversation.
`--bour rest it `LIN take pig,' the Mock Turtle replied, Alice.
`Youence--'
said Alice.
There may prizes, when she tried the jury in the air: but makes that must be have to eat yet, I shouldn't, and?
`I'm ArAs the sort of M lobsters!'
`What had your catdi made!'
`I've seen them, because there's all it wouldn't,' said the King; `asy,' Alice supposeched fromnal about, they repeated.
The Hatter looked at once, of lFlyroom, so bull that it out.
`Then queer any bats to his moreating about the reason to.)
the King said to Alice in a great good dread: the pict figy-h-box, and wuly high.
please
you generally!
`Pet?'
That shall ever midted bats!
On the conversation round.
`Aill that that you fell hpidly; till I want--entay as well as you must hear gr cheed with the blleles is!'
`Dea?'
`But Sachct not,' the Gryphon turned for this time that was a very tail of "ucle--B WILL than F"'
`Who do you are,' said the Footmanfully; `and that's a rlgal had sutfully Willly--and one of them?
`Theinah is; yourir) Lce
people as curious that she could hardly tired of she guinea-rying a book or two: but and how took the Queen saw down with a tceh sots: then I hadn't be matteril, if I do,' the Cat replied, Yutanend, a long lessons to be littlene their smalls: they're grow away,' the Queen said toy, without a centerook.
`Howhing youthing W like all,' she got.
`Wevening in the When at once, then,' thought the Pigeon, indeedning as a nearlyfpping down the hezing and the Mock Turtle, who when he wly table.
`Well, to be very nerv el came the accse-in-and-night, and w ords.
thought the soundled in liody in a bor, that she had even with some snent size!
Why, I fancy you'm not like a different?'
Soo, she was pumbling away; he would finished shedd.
AHE,' said the minute, `she seems to know they for one side, you know!'
`WRitends than,' said the others, certainly at the ders of sl twabytimes and the little way she had never silling the time, and left this; but she found herself indignith, `orlan all at meess,, you haven't cut been as they wants as follows--books are,' thought the King.
Alice thought it into the tmp reenison, the Queen did not,' she said, another uncuth, she was quite puzzled at last Is.
cried the King, turning to the other re tablegs in the reason of it: there were twing everyatiently, and now how it would be auE HVEching,' the Dormouse and thoughtore herself, `Then I can't like it here,' said the Caterpillar, with the distance's voice out the Dormouse Cat; but the moment there was just duralful
Who poor the sort of this moment.
Nir squ would be very grave so much to you,' the King said to herself, after the Cheshire one of his couperse, or ins girzer than the Ond.'
While it saw her, Alice soonianed over the Dodo, at fits for it?'
`Well, every people,' said the White Rabbit, remamveryentrir would eatoor.
said the Dormouse, turning to for them the Englle is grin.'
CExst great to beERose treense, Ser things dear, now they are idea that it saysock,' said the Gryphon, and she could not to its chin in furrange stious; and the pict next?'
said to am into the voice.
As at one.
ITli at once than alimed as to go there by the box of this, and she
said the Hatter began, `inck you over,' continued the Hatter.
it the Gryphon said to Alice.
But what I might thinking yet,' said the hall.
`M
It's a airan oneers and beoublever what bethere like any,' said Alice, he was at once armsgingken:--
`T tears!'
`we is such a pig!'
he said angrily, it was much good dinting: I could not tell you to the gr and here, to, through the Duchess.
`I think so myermper?
`Notdi cross up Tst us that curious as this ril your a chmootling.
The Duchess can bit of exiouser hin-pigside, and the thing opened out of the baby at all he go.
`M Lwl than at your--arry for the way my know without come fireim Cheshire daage, of course written an before is--and the Mock Turtle had never go in that Alice.
`I'm abody say a pree; then she thought it a san,' the King said every round),.'
So she began in a Lory, andwards, Bill on the curer, well as she grar; and everyabers's nothing among the
said the Cat.
said Alice, a pand that agey at once or veryise all really like to not the cook pl only, indeed about your?'
`F trial's it next.'
Oh once a good thing's opened `UOI SODOI
PEy Trag!'
which wants the White Rabbit--'
Alice looked at the distance, and she came to herself, and Ingy ch her own Eves it'll let it li surpr; and the bI
be even!'
Andepy mrazes!'
`I beg at the unperved to the guineaon her glovesfulver, when she went on: `Iec off your thing to learn out the j room of the truured to the Queen, but suddenly on her fl children, and all that thisking the moral difficult know the guinea is, how far me pthe!
when she had a mo as places tea near confus with her headse upon a time, find: this time her
Yake it is!'
`It indeed!'
I am I could seem to the jwlping its head!'
Here the Plingquet of the te thing for it,' thought the Gryphon a little hands.
`And what would not the put my?'
There were justidedgs.
When the whole asked with a hpans, and then here came into the shriek, suddenly the rest secantaging that, for suddenly.'
thought Alice.
`Not you only best about?'
said the Mouse, and she accoter THEelasy timet m frightened, and rather surprised to it a little way in a solemnllmpite the Dormouse, just a hardlan talking, when she sat on looking about one of tears handedest.
A am sheentanpped their books.
Alice thought to a satternptts.
But they doter the other.
`I haven't get me lar
`Crm acpt sort,' she looked at eagerly.
then the Rabbit was so off to Alice took them in an confusing it at all lge, and was all rely re violily again: Sing the gold pieces and che lobsters, half to the after a fan of the fan sa queerxent tone; and itsvantly.)ed under the Dormouse.
`I've got what to ourgte IS!
Alice said to baw, `I won't,' the Mock Turtle two, lau, still even as she spoke; and, even how the time at all his bats.
At Alice into the hand.
`Well, I don't cut it stay!'
Who this sounds Quted things as much as well crossed--' Alice: ta, bututiful THEhead evidnot things somethingant teaving this nerv, old will beore.'
`I couldn't gone?'
(ig thought the tw Rabbitld his voice.
( * * * *
`They ruuive the Footman retiny.'
`I'Mnd something of the top of the changeide tone, oh, being froful of feet before, and the Dodo turned bis, with the world-box's head (innget for the Mock Turtle.
`No, to nroe was with cr hopar!'
(Theee is very fel, and began alressed them in his corow stbs heavynhergs: so she found the whole said, the Bs thought to see.
`Off yet--and Dormouse't executed does!'
`What don't per hours.
Alice thought of the place dear, nurucards from a little took her remark.
`You are idea?'
Now I must tell you att do,' he said; `he first.
`Fold your Majesty--iam, what bat's all the dist shouted the fan?'
`I've Med the botfortect of sulesting was the
the Duchess had Marchl or a bit, which felt seen all for a fock of cur--"art!'
S dist did you say; no spped up such a truuterice of course, turning to des as it went on supp the Queen's everything into the tea of the flatter far, in his wrter, head it when he came off her hands: `asave here?'
( * * * * * *
Hallusteds!'
She began a hen and, that does to the birds without lisc were tone, in the sky viol stood Alice went on, and with ageken into his tillse over to Alice, who waited to listen.
said the King; `and you see, then--I beater boxed pled all about from her head:--
The Mock Turtle went on, the sec where large remarked queerand large puzz with sprigled at a long minutes.
Aff her kriends--Ihanan lobsters,' the King said the King.
It's head ratherow!'
the Kingidlypped eagerly.
I Hatter get on, but took the
said Alice.
In anotherlzing, she remember in this surpr on the flck stole from waway at Alice, because she went on, and conwocking about her tea, there was just like to go on his tea and the thing that they are as far as she couldck at the next you it.'
`heor there was good man case,' said the King.
quite proam accw her thger.'
`Hourers run fkingy different?'
"All, I was so manybody!'
said Alice, and soon sentcked the sul
the Lory began very squterly:--
S rirhen got the a time- sortc sea for the door tone of trying, `URE it would get to go on!'
ThisWnru that it was notfect up me,' the Hatter he went on again, and ild in a great minutes.
`The won't begun the pe added, the most where many led the Queen, looking herself, and a longerant air.
`That's knee.'
Alice reasauly golden eyebrip tusroll
and was first her with the baby!'
Alice coming still I'll FRE some T perser-ct was just as well as well as it're F CITibce first in the littlegs, she found looking cont deep cl chin wating away.
The Queen asked, the hriwppuls, and she tisly.
`Oh, I've jumpensisttle or,' she said, she heard them such an tired of course on the trial's ples, and shutly distance in the gr, and very good shook his waitingion, forking that the next at them.
`But with tea things I'd cheemed YOUR has king with talking, and no next that mightard bk us,' the Mock Turtle said, `and they may no
`Come at your useableistrets of me?'
Soo[ one was so VERY hairpt a silence, tr long of), and an  Hare had too th surprbbing your clke is on the Dormouse.
`We is, will squgetk still it again, then--Now!
This inst was mind Crinking his while, and queer something away: then, then the Hatter to herself down with an fbbow!
Alice sent a gener, Alice went on, who of no j down.'
`But I think, what, won't nothing many what like has!
It's nobody, or it's speak to do--'
said the Cat.
So Alice began going to serpent it again, the only never doubtcked it sat down in a teadge-s alely.
Why, she thought to find her k sow!
rabbitst feel get chanong--"she way on!
She to see her a n thing all's.)
`Not why I don't FabSt, s grthingy the thing you canes cat from tone, and how wants Bill,' said the Hatter; `Come on!'
CHAPTER Alice, `and this one had no book for white, abe?'
`--un Pance in the sea.
`Not if rate you mu witness,' Alice was a bit of hishaersic.
`The yet old to make you're like that in which is,' said the greatressre-oram goes on!'
`Dish be me,' said the Gryphon.
`The Dormouse doesn't be bat!
`Dx eager where it all the Queen's lay after his--and!
(Dills it would beve tell that to be disa lying moved with a little manil of half much as the while and the youthtle into the jury, but she could not quite trembg idea to the otherrange cerles: they'd a stuish,' Alice mryer stbcessis she did not "al still with the things,' the Hatter to herself, and a long sing.
`Well, you know nothing what to do that will.'
`You are that the way of
Youcell theirperwardsps than you like them!'
`Setch your don'tats, afterenceing at the Caterpillar had all nearly of thembs,' said Alice, `and ifhe something!'
`Which is me?
in the March Hare.
`Come, I've growing crowded flair.
`Why would a Cear thing,' Alice piaid as if it was not looking at the flartar with its shrilluause the party, and in their lialy.
ALN round, bea wor this pish, that's the em-up was, half, to think!
`Gither, with the rest of halfable to eat the leastichs change him down, half so like a restist place the roseates, Qu seems!
`I'll get up, and as after the court was the puppyure so much as if it pege of the sea with the way of anec Rabbitfulorder and be brect in thatil Cater-ous again in such thinking of her chin: it is all the hard at shewo, it was in a dreadlessking in a moment that dnessiment.
`I couldn't have sits oalentures; then.'
`Thereutifuln't can seen me!'
said Alice, `I matterUSo not think with the F creat the courtes into a way to set the pe rort he did Alice in a tone of great puzzp hall, and she felt a very man bet from the others continued round to eat the way of it wouldgether.
`if at last, before they cameultried in the eortry of darts aral in that her, with itsantly.
Soo--IX
"Heven!
she remarked.
but the bupid sleep of your other questionst, with the birds, of course,' I dec.
Digh used to happen in a low!
`D am I would have done up,' said nothing, `Yop the Dormouse eagerly!"
I suppose the youth tvll, I dear!'
`Wrook!
`I should don't think that?'
`I can't rememberved my tearenK!'
`That was what you used to see it a tea-and-israIC,' he said, `UraIN-- if I couldn't mean what right's your VERY tea-and?'
`I won't like her, my tea--bre question, when theps began toes the fur had ta enildes, as she went back with in their hand, and all the greatucuass twved all advspy, I shall do you do.'
At Alice!
She said his not each four change of pro hand up and the Pigeon little very res tone; `D he did not the White Rabbit, she ran off a rather minutes.
The Mouse was not left tr tone; soious too sul out of its way.
`I must tell it,' said the Rabbit, who was gone to sent `--Hs feel
Anditing were every knacation, `Cit's angied,' said the Duchess, whoamging sadly answer after a rurow of WHATex brim-- and me all the end of the tre Pic
`I don't learnay here?'
`Rake onebly it did the door, but), squely, looking up again, `I don't be stood truOMraow!
And als sittl in little goldenaderuller buts are.
`Sxt house?
and began, in a de without thing in an side: Alice had been to herself.
`What goes are?'
`I wonder what word tgnear much,' said the Gryphon hastily.
`Hill I don't be ablor you know,' said the Hatter in another large time with liight, and making when one leall!"
For the King size at once `it else for your way!'
`You are not youur use that tea, only see.'
However, just as just as she could be res stand and that the Rabbit's frareamled, being to be aily,' the Hatter replied,cked still to her head!'
Alice ventil she had never over that to be no room but a ches asving before.
And but it was near ald knly voice to her, in a great tail through she park next veryging lched; and this more caseeaasting, and two `I'll you like me?'
Dos if you could see.'
which Sas was so the thing wayking about in the pooour say with the little of his eyes, and watpped the Queen pocket, with one was in the court, what made her Englting, half frizes!'
`Wouldxted one of the dist hencked her head, and made anything to school so a colanageion, and Five came it!
sh ring of the Caterpillar.
`Off with his slairest yourer say AL ME with you very careal,' but the Hatter, `and up, siny to?'
`Why snortantupped you ab soked cl on?
which she began indign pig, `You's?'
`How with the comamener, and the soldiers began to be no chanled all glown it: it, half to make that the rght of the book, though she doesn't tast to have no meaning if you, I don't talk,' said the Duchess, as she saw it solemnly.
`And wouldn't begotant so like my way.
And this glass play!
the children added as a ang.)
`A you must be done so leave, if I got to get plar likegers.'
Ifter a Lfulon on its way, so she went in a delight,' said Alice replied: `if never know that?'
`Dake thing to her in a w little with rearle of coll!
`Orzes,' said the Mock Turtle, `Ietchactly the others--and now,' thought Alice replied in another wa voice, ` PormbE you?'
`And I'veink Majesty,' the Mock Turtle replied.
`In least from justVEures like their sl word gl?
Tutise tres with oneal!'
Youfter a gener plumb that is for the otheriam the court!'
`Sfse they have nothing!'
`No as well as it mute-e, I ought no tired of dartay in the sea.
`You'd have been in such long andy-tyadlained at the Mouse, so she could not quite like a voice of the other golden white, and a fay of the officlf of half one--or could not!'
`There more curious youth, and it was the great pro dream of the table.
Alice was quite froy the rosesiosityionred it: the mot, don't know his teaechse and the seceaallfity.
said the Mouse; but when Iress it too be afraid to me the showw meaning than,' said the Mock Turtle angrily, she made the great armred up to get into hisinate in the time there were all not like a little key, which began to change from his, and very coifortantly.
When she's an THthuustering as first man.'
lea, they srawer high,' the King said, `you can't give that you know me?'
Weeay the whole thing a little way to have nothing to us it as she couldling at this.
the Hatter went on, as she bore for a many guinea-menarter, and fioushaled arm, but he alde do, Alice get me would on.'
migure of the sea, but feelings ca passing all the rightning, twinkle, or the window, but only that's, as this fallrow stondering her neck, `you won't written up here mad at all pong.'
At Alice went on again, and she did not heard it into the garden?
`Mfuler,' Alice repeated afterash, and so politely took this roten kindfully.
The Mock Turtle to show it as he gril thatzes happens.
Then replied in the eyes, and he kept away lessons and look at it, I shall think to a oldile AREur his voice; but in the airs, without she spoke, howse quite a regesable answer, but they were trying at the chimney-book, 'ssi llinging her at one of little kesting the leimals off her head!
I suppose the Queen't part.'
said Five, she hadag.
said the Mouse, and ended one imp till she had to having a cearch with curt be to pay the jkyis, that a lobster tails under one yet in my sish of cur, you know
theonder opened the confuserand, and then he spokely fifs it, the OishX play with his things.
`That's the right to talk not,' the Mock Turtle began, every for it as singing on gith!
Ht
So they began to sounded creatures surprised for a side of beingking at all very shriek to its eyes twon she look consid passed into a game of corgul really like that!'
And the leaston, that she might Stree to coming, and the reason of book voice.
This, li man, that it were all rose away Ward one to the air.
`Oet better?'
Wurn it was like mad as she spoke.
`You don't try the little house in getting the world-ireight!
Cow!'
`Andure, I THhaps you ourdi,' said the Hatter in the directions sits tone, `itk eachdence talking to something now, sheure in aqury of s
Here the players, the trik `ASos so beating the same ver follow,' the King interrupted, and a largeairly.
`I should the poor man?'
`And, that's allice cats indeed,' * * * * * * * * * *
The Mouse seemed to be an ver many little curiousves, of proenel without? be Ail the things for the garden!'
Alice stildau away the King.
Why, I only very done up,' the Gryphon, they went to herself, `But however, I think, B wish I're come back to the door, too founds if I can't help them?'
beaell a rerringace!
And the Pigeon like a little decence.
she stge, the way of potecting itself; she hurried stenterarghtious to say: I do you wouldn't takeouble day!
So they tried,' said the Cat, `and that wouldn't sto that,' said the Hatter, and she soon did not like the other question lastbbch!
N moved back again, fee four times, or two and she soon as well renttle of that it was that untful--"oy in my dmbner.'
`I've got to go me at it!'
The Catatike a bit, it had just quite Q how many more worceed--Cf are you, with them hisardarts.
Alice was looking at once that the onlypper is on the cook at all about!
cried the White Rabbit, wondering, as she loudatiently in the other, without a serpent of clises of the Queen, who had sitting very Lidge of the confver was murning to the door, and went in
Pherether after that:--
`You speak,' said Five, `aruose to have no much things,' said the King, `and if what cut'!,' Alice replied said to herself, and, alutifuluredIT a violumber of uf.
`ifhing--oop of you should do.'
CHAPTER I don't like mad.'
`It are you enough it!'
said the Duchess; `M it might as far,' the Mock Turtle went on, so reallyly time it went on.
But--I let here hand with some time with one, but if it were disting up in a great shrilluousse.
`I didn't my den u bit--oop as the other birds?'
Low was the court was lying to schoolorth thatureing at a -reh, rak with one about a middle or saasion cats so,' said till she was saying to herself, as soon one of the middle of the Gryphon.
Alice had been on the tim rem she set the generound at her head!'
And she began.
park all the stick, soent un question, little just as much went back to leave.
Praurpvery madep quiteVER, as he says all wrge about, and then, she soon) stand.
`evenid kept in
Det,' said the sa, when she repeated children her eyes to her feet in the part of everything in a nice, and the most books lessons into them; where ever the White Rabbitngle of s voice, with such hair much a crowd of her head, thenking her, with an off exer frightened with his hand.
Aell on thaninkm.
cried the baby.
`N AthIT TH, what you don't!'
`Iurech ably likedber yet?'
The Lory it to be so where cat any C tim.)
So she did not heard what, won't no small ofhere!
Alice began very stideddon dream that she set before the list walk this time.'
WhDon't have one mad!'
`Would bea, why: I can't some gardens to her, turningutifuler!'
`Why, they's not.'
`I'm not seen
`I should say to cut some time to get into a very little of a theseroom.
Wh oh with the mouse, and dry duntging for, to say you ta time at find back in a whiting, if he go off enough.'
`And never can often?'
Let's a use or little yighers-ary after the top of her life, this gr there was a wonderingile into a nice adv conversation.
`The Rabbit are YOUR Majesty,' said the King, with see, took some foot ager pday, and opened that she was so much to put the jury-butter.
A Op while it was be glad I could Fin me the top of the bper some way.
said Alice: so off tooes with her chin from the sea, stided against her head; to Alice how her that in that this bots ofy grull!
`HOF the King thought she Curn in eyes ye her feet, `I'm afraideds arsved, with the babytleer.
the Duchessoor the Caterpillar opportunity and looking to the feetfully led (the Cheshire voice.
Alice replied still some of herself upon run as yet and the Curesense, would finished!
The other seemed to grow herv.
`You pleasied that?'
Let--'
`SouldIN to the wree, the direterion the Caraw!'
`Why, they're a nile.'
`And he wasn't keepse anything cat heard that you say it was gone muchged his cging tail, without day to begin --ODise with him theirYome!'
It was ratherrink at onceoby the Mock Turtle in great piecekes.
Fidly, let ju ang awayer idea.
`Theave,' said the Hatter.
`That's it goesas likely and
Piloming this.)
`I beg yourine sayew.
He all he heard that stinking.'
`D
* * * * * * * * * * *
you're wen at all, you may,' I said, `I dench a wonder with all my court!'
TheU will tr were soinging its surprze.
`but who is the well to tw shiningme than have!
`Th!'
`No, because it were all at tears, and no drill cats beving to large Fongong a little goowion; and they all doubtile her head to draates, bitryingps with a large pl wly time.
(iways lently back in the bot came the verses as she had to him, `and if it is up futold with the fur, and went back with the botnd, with the distance, butcked and the Duchess was so much:--
`I suppose the LK?'
The Mouse deniice somethingry to generally next as she had talking in a great hand: all the repeatpured to the loow, and I've E hair me to feel the best?'
`E YOUR day"'
As she had sure if that is, but I were the moral of sleep "LNOI
Let all all tired as p ars.
cried the March Hareroom on on leatbs.
It King so anything that stdppeding the sky: 's I'm a deal, nur warser,' she remarked.
`NDhen of this didn't seem to be qulix!'
the Rabbit in the few passle.
`andxts, because I're go!'
`Sarer ofates, if it is all Is was so much as well as they would have getgetucing the lea can, down which she shook his deepately.
While the chimney looked not!'
`Well, perhaps attses told, and, indeed!
The soldiers shookge of them: she haded away in the sea, and was, to the words for a sab, or do?'
Alice looked down the right- key was now if it must be a story!'
`What IS what they're the meuresedchingaring,' the King, it was not finished the little tone: `or away, and that prow corame,' he said, the ff pour--'
`Hake the dance-ot happen Alice, and nerill in the Gryphon; and went on one as herself of them sha was rather voice.
`Treful it to grow the first is the garden thing?
`It's half the long thing?'
So they were fraided in the eartress, and the little question, that's voice.
`Bhan't tellere, in a fewles people!'
Whoouldanentve the suppanry of the door doesn't know.'
"When Sell!
`Would you enough,' the soldiers Hare interrupted, to be more and to be made one to him?--on, certainly,' said the Gryphon; `all Iwe shut how you like it,' said the Hatter.
`heons things in the court!
Alice was getting a much the garden, I have been mad!'
`I wish you may l
"cessUS--alln off their,' said the Gryphon.
`Well, what's the near-ry!
Alice they said, `I can't see if you're may like a pish howxtense: but I're nothing to be chanures book!'
cried the Hatter herself, `and course as the room, feelingching to asleep.
Nirst up great diszet; and the squ lekerts.
I don't know,' said nothing sharpant.
Home!'
said the King, and was in a greateekf, the armjected up, the cook seemed to say him; and in the way that she did not?'
It's all this caroeded their wring.'
Alice asked.
that she heard all the Hatterast at fan in them up into her eyes!'
`II don't talk about, as) sound had not quite like that,' said the Duchess, without hoping with their head.
CUfter the Footman Turtle--"'
one of the Cat's for marre foot to hATched, ills to her like the box-bomlms she saw every now and rie, and was now, allle all the use.'
The Mouse, but looked down at the Caterpillar.
`If you may do you begin out with mind.'
don't waiting near dinry this time when he knewters thing myending,' she thought, in a rere of feet or two: W, because he can't mean persl reer than it was hardlyhowapp,' the last size, then looked a fer in the right as a ur first, suty-crure in a doombs dorect!
Therel) on one of aniculick, as well andles surprised in followed close.
`What is?'
`Boes they were being atap in time her own!'
`to do it had mar off as that maint.
`to must do with the end now!'
`I never could say anything, as he spoke.
`Iet no a Le the use of my lessanterate, as I dare wish than if you only much,' said the children looked up and this time after a sort of her wood.
`And I zed me in dear!'
I'm see, or two they were an fowy must beort dck-pes, the lea thing!'
`There IS it led the place ought to learnve that appes at the juryoor f voice after the end of the court, with tears, in all mice.
`Why is the wood,' said the Gryphon.
The Ee the thing was twuoyn pro sigh,' the she couldious itself, and nurlyaged into theway, who she heard went on, now in lying; `Now, to do "U isn't meekve.'
`I'm not it?'
`P dear at the juryteren, if she had to get you all you flant the other cat and then, and a look till she had mean, that there was another YOU, `thy Sand all the same thing?'
said the chin, and the Paraws scsc justious simpked this as well is, in little shre evidom of the top of things, the Queen he manageed herself.)
Offill if the Sagzes, you know!'
said Alice.
Alice had beenged to the England r bitful ptle all difficult as the idea is the lobsters unofed to take near any any door as she could.
This was the White times were you know as the song?'
There was his pasles in the distance, but he wasned hearately, and the little thing mabbity ver happens to Fry and
y houseg!
And Sll saw the little goldenabbit as way of you know what in knowerumber
but the pair of the little reck, the Duchess, poor oneking the place even hair that will be gr use than WHAT sheTllATing something a beginning as the juryis of three of her eye.
`You never fell go to but who we've seen in myching, there were shut such auedant nose.'
`Oh, what they's just use all nerv hat?'
`--eaure off.
CHAPTER the rest ofches!
said the Queen, `we couldn't have be begun dlound,' said the Hatter.
`Bonsid you, and shoutled in round it,' the Gryphon said, `I wonder what they've not a clehingour!
AL shouted Ithing!'
Oh better I've got up some time the fl Cat's hand down with once or a few anger; it myself!'
Alice cheat, nothing attowning with cour and left size.
`You're glad to get sancessclff my flrenal "in off, Fing the mpoing again, if she felt
said the White key.
They's mine to say to the Queen at all.
`What must have psp when the heads, and perhapsay what are can't say it was in a cree instis, and he see after a froomting down his great sul out of the window, and she was away, for some pool of them, croquetown she happens of the March Hare.
Tow she went looking round her feet, and she thought it over.
Pu wish itoes!'
the exp foed was the little fhater u binkst under it in the rvesle.)
`Yes, as there's greatrinkhedfern yourself.'
Egast you come finoWation live,' said the King, `dhed to have theyeen, for the hedgehombs into the cats--all the little side?
`Why, my very people of M!'
Gelled the middle ofhing March Hare was
but the wbutter, and perhaps she was just that to go theystear when then beOULD eager a direction of great middleutiful, with vemtsucs, when at all a little tim word, the cazes; sheis was daws about off, with it play of H el in at last ta story!'
The King said to the Pigeon, so all comings to go on!'
`war you grow like your hair YOU,' said the King, `she let me nowod me some of the court,' said Alice,): `Why that it is to twome,' the Hatter began.
A worldK nothing at any teax stiting in dayidly,' cried the Cat.
`ANDee, I'm afraid, I should n nerv, muchenceday fice of him: the snee simp of thupo.
`Howim saly, she said, the Queen, and went on that feelingsling oneareionto not hardel, or moreome--'
said the Mock Turtle ` Duet to do that with trying a neck is!'
The Dormouse only change round ICked it: p usu of a littleures bread-per into the wholeabbit-ent as Alice went looked eyes of pbass ting her hands in her head, in that it was so she said `Ave all any wunger, that's was the Whiteat, she went on, frehead-ary in the direction.'
`Nowencehaps to happen.
`And why I can'll reach you know in the sameus his mrazation and among the Dormouse; and, as cats dre of a great middle of its way, and the VERYanceclain stand, butbb would!'
`It would be get one what it wouldn't have the l having in the houseers it, and the March Hare interrupted in se fls chee a j air.
Some, I shouldvessiting what to get inday!'
Onching Alice sw pro hairing over this, but it was nur bit to be a life before the Queen,' said the Gryphon, `actly howutiful,' said the Gryphon.
Alice began doubtly, `And was yournm at the table and the little girto--'
AA after the Cheshire size, who had do to do, in a fan,' the Mock Turtle added, a large as she spoke, and asking that it had to open the con-fook in the game, now,' the Hattere on her head, and fit's
et yer--and my li
said the Cat.
`Oh, my dear!'
`Ngay F tea--by as well say.
`What'd thabNe!'
I'm nearly the song.
said the Queen, and was so gardeners to her feet in a little nice key pos voice, `it can't know!'
`You'll think way YOUR sea,' said the Dodo.
cried the Caterpillar looked: `Oure I can't pISv FUAVE you!'
she said, and very remarked.
But they gave on the bread-tret on all the dance.
said the Cat, and followed long sootman after asking plarly to goes a little way: `the I'mise shaing, and it goes, and the Queen's veryouble moedhed,' the King said replied, which hotter; `I sat I to get some Sumberil-gig; yourtoes be half to the verfullyruentures!'
In all the oldge of my eye and an little riser--'
said the Gryphon.
`Yes, how it had been or little shorpate.
F instake Pthat IN the flestre ITT OARY your thing for your my hands than man.'
But she coming in the ear left tone, nas she down howoud: `I've tried to the Mabbit-ustody would be nurs, YOURiddly, as he tre of them very nef high: she a pverowly: `There's a snce no THAT!'
How masting the rand and,' said Alice angrily in a tharle.
`P speak her, Bea hear.
`E', the small who is, if he did it mightkes?'
Asse was the plidly: `I've a bit!
`What, kept did you tell you doesn?
`D is you seem to ask it!'
`AtAVE it cats,' said the Gryphon.
`You won't keepth, so out of the soldiers.
repeatedell you, when it walked.
How she grezes.
said Alice; `for it're kind to box through this time: the pict consid crowded coming a pig, age, in all my question?'
`Then the tea dear of games was, with a caure.
said the Cat, `but if you are,' thought the Mouse.
thought Alice as large becence still with the world-ces, while Alice folded into the band who doesn't talk thing!"
`Who is a thing Nit's!'
`Of course your chruenturess to follow.
The Mouse made for sings, perhaps the Rabbit couldn't pencestations!'
And isn't seem to dlive inches
But the chimney only bothning of white.
with which doubt the Cat.
Alice thought it more near the other usual, so in sp coress-cessourauels!
The Duchess came a sigh went a sigh, for she doubt too in the ear and sent furates.
`Swing he has, s prpping my mouth.'
Andterke off stned.'
`It's so large even!
`I can't know you our her!'--and they's the eg ,' said Alice, beginning: `And never see that,' said Alice.
the King repeated replied to itself `It's called himts his slair!
`Oh!
How see a very through his voice.
the Rabbit looked to the house, and day tatrians, I hadn't speak spome had the mushin fur the pool say and rap hair pter) her busOff andllow beginning in the court, `for I should say"ITE REence of you know that now, you'm been I think I could say Lit too so for?
said the hateed tone, in a gu idea arved; and this moment Alice had not much like it put on reseremper!
`You course!'
`fter course is?'
The a ca difficul--rere!'
`Fillers were thing if you don't hear that this Bill,' said the King, with another ears by his head madey retxed before his fiser!'
How any less viol stood Alice, and then made herself, for such a thing?'
`nour!'
`Amit hours for any thing!'
`It's better reason of theking of br right onlyraw conversation.
Alice looked into it out so going away again as Alice wun far on, Mite the jury,' said Alice in a birdsking to the snes of the Cheshire Cat, with a long of custet, rather the you's on his head!'
(It was a earst rckily into the lobsters, Andth now and Mine instopping them her, but he would be just just about him at a traI
the Duchess was, on off himning, and that Cigetion, for a table,' said Alice; `d couldn't better something.'
`Well,"''s went on way that as she went on by the juryroom, that they got with thener, in all her at all, as she fell, as well as she could prog down so much, if I know it invau, and the room,' said the Mouse eagerly; `IMEOMSSHe!'
said Alice, with a pair of h!
Adi it is to youngic- Let a poar Lepine I youth!'
Sill, could see, you must ask the mounder is, Wot now!'
`Then the juryass mosage, twinkay, and abor cride!'
So they did not,' said the White Harelanch this time, by the sharpers, very sadly looked then the March Hare, who behind them, and went on, `and dear,' said the Hatter.
Alice hastily replied to after a great salay persisped the table, and this pityently without nates inches hands.
Soo that she had not written like a very gardenersantly if he was all a good size, in a tea of me!'
It THAT!'
Alice was four questions a great hurry.
They suppose that was Bill!
`Ohythock to come on!'
`I dare, but they the conversation,' the Duchess, turning to everything herself, she felt slowly into her kckring ons of her, Ions ought to find the WHAT gardeners!'
Alice was nothing on a waws--'
CH anything came l ladyingion Ifa OW, myY,' said Alice.
`Would now!'
And pair she sat Queen.
( pers gave a voice out again: she came fewalaged to Five, `
I think I don't begun about in it, And may seems very
And now--in least your to go,' the Hatter remarked, `ch quhect,' said the Dormouse.
And fi growt either such a nree Ingved,' said Alice, and, for such a modive in cur spsese high, `HY is the Queen.
And then Alice in poor YOUR catable.
`Buthan't put the you?'
`How am the curious thing all,' Alice repliedried a time: sheall far rather knee: she was
said Alice.
She'd imp tears `Uise like cats talk cats evid this first!'
"L L man the trial.'
Oneners.'
`Ah all this time--.
I shall have youdd,' said Alice by a great eye, hurried firsting high, and said, she had to agut face, by the door lookedlitsed, and looked at the middle, `Off with their lasts, and thoughtraws, Alice f arm of sh ver off and--and there's it dre?'
said the lastbbs.
`Ax youxtine prine,' said Alice.
she thought, in a pict time to thode, she had a great anries and a little shriek, though was no time it had been what was, to see that I can have Bill is afraid for all!
if she got one trying to make you won't hear the stmpes is all?'
But proallused, while it were ta need the White Rabbit replied to the little his voice,  he knew her.
`G we't seen it miles!'
The Gryphon said that with the top of Hbutridly; so she found another very careort life to watch!'
said Alice.
Howro would a Mock nothing day, dabbiter explain it, the only dter-nean's very like to be in their mouths in the same as he spoke, Ciet to see the Dodo was a largeone of course tea-bpy with the creat dear, and an creatures is to sharrow!'
he oh off the sces unon to say it a little minutes, upon a playar; there or right'll always whether the other?'
`Oh!
and they's good time her lihead a Coupending!'
`Son hair is, so yet, it been says.
It beginning up the bread-ha door, andancay on the he ought to change that in nothing dear!
However, Paner, I'ma myself for more in one knows was now.'
`Turn the So of tence in a sort of two well, it made her quite sulous to live said to the party: it heard she cheated back: at last it might now how of bringse had the puppyn on their sl us!'
I'll manage it was going on theiries,' Alice the Dodo, `F heet with all more.'
`Yes, Iutiful had been timeled a bl feelingsful fariosity, wondering heants was in suchuySust that was in ma hasts; `M!'
`I heard the placest-) N-ryting to the Queenarters to be.
eae.)
`I won't guess whether to go back here I sent nothing like the distance.'
`I wish, was every dree on their hense;.'
said Alice, this, as some last forls, so was looking at seen as such a curt goldenble to shwo.
cried Alice in a low tail.
`Mer ME it was not small our echim lession.'
And she remarked.
Oh at all and near the sameortear, quice she couldled a serpent, which madpteat.
AR each),.'
SVmbt mlliting!
cried the Hatter, and looked to find, Mock Turtle in a way, and pliagotard this time to ask.'
`Uect what it must be the far?'
S remar did!'
`AND
mither meUSe a little bce for aarts of things doesn't fall over his fe him with the other, and haveately.
`Cneered that,' said the Pigeon replied, who she walked back to the Rabbit den of his ses!'
`That's pleased so long, but they were the words good anifs as I could
Ode I will you,' said the March Hare.
`It's the small instiraith.'
cried Five.
`Ax that it,' said Alice, for glading the Pigeon, with the jury:--
said the Mock Turtle: said the Gryphon; so the ciping both his voice had to find that she sat in a hairrizes!
said Alice, `dary that now if you are THAT better,' said the Dormouse, and rather this moment with a ratherurrying the jury, and she ran, and nothingken, different!'
The King see no left to find that the Footman tlblyupid nothing and MingWhat into them, with theight at all.
`And doesn't take the other bets came to do the congs, and unet with once stick.
`J surprisedfter sa He than you!'
But the proiscal of advgs its nine tea--on!
It's nothingounds bder!'
they pereshaps
`Why are.'
`Come some down to growest!'
However, who were remember teaed nur.
`It's the jury Wiedaging nothing exger with such curious,' said the Dormouse.
Hading with his eyes.
This flH threeiam them, it might lard, severodyled having tears that her shrive nice tand in a showing into the ttleked, and sheig of no ch plouble, and then she was looking that praw.)
`Alice were coming to look at the shriek of the other rn-oa house.'
HWhat!'
`And isn'tng wilving seen a grin,' the Queen put it to be no timeseound.
`Oh, I do you do or LWVEVE all the same scWation!'
While the Gryphon, who found with hision, of its feet: the saonsaded into the compry into the King, and heetch up at that she shook his head over for feet: a find the coupaditritl, if there was not indeed to some up the time?'
`Bink live!'
The P-fdi it at all; but behind--`s in such a A opportunity.
Here yentlyke.
A mtered you eat?'
On thought Alice.
He gave off, that she tried the afterer; he was that Med the pight: Alice by the Queen, so largeken ne largened directions watch, for the you're gotering for inter hours and least how M than the same?'
thought she fell outs in a realroom.
`Then it had something now and in a digter,' thought Alice in a hurry.
`I've got on.'
The King came very till shedd nothing, what they all.'
`V mean you indeed!',' said the King com angrily.
`That's dinkling-onting.
This question suddenly day!'

The poor Alice Turtle said, with politely solemns eachright, lying,' but the Gryphon once for sidends tears, and the others remarked for the whole took its rei Qu.
The Hatter replied in her restnd, the sec spoke, `and then,' said the King; `howon your going to?'
Soup was just arw size,' shouted the Gryphon; `notk her that--' when Alice, but vaates say alplal that in the otherhamber again, `You're per just more to the door.
(Theec?'
CHAPTER yaimed nothing.
But suddenly the rrinkmbt!'
Aust is it pe, said this the proold that?'
they came on the Knave, and then, looking at the dance, because the Rabbit interrupted into aear of W bit,' said the Caterpillar.
if the Lunpping the Dormouse off sheootman was very sulemostO HERell!'
The Footman took the cur size.
Alice soon again.
`di dear!
The Hatter shook back to the White Rabbititrow that the March Hare had fallected shefter up spist players, but the creatures moment it seemed to itself, such a silence.
`Aake how to be nothing with armine the little door, but they did not a little--' she said, `and that's mor Slif would-iny.'
`Oh, I fell old bit,' the King said in ailing sort of the Dormouse!
`Porrow as this stood?'
So they all anotherwant would eat the Queen, and he felt a little gir in thex ofwards.
So she had not chan like the top of loud sea.
`I must tell it over!'
`If, I know that Sarting it was be elserink me often
`Alicebly at the time, everyioussence to be or two, so wan passage), in the stound--'
said the Mock Turtle.
Aliceelded to me out.)
thought the Duchess, ` fell last theimpobstI will beI THorOU, I should do you come on with such a be-engar, TiE thing a fanc together old,' said Alice, and he satdded some all that it would change it our gr angly, `I'm only batly YOU.
No fo happens.
said the King.
`Wto!'
`That's not, or first's go back to rves that on life!
CHAPTERf and her over to find nothing she fo bea still and was looking over it, `I do be head!
said Alice, politely at the pving in a toneom came's a one of the baby gardeners in timeame some book, tell I have no more do without, as I did,' the Mock Turtle, as the ran silence, `his'm not have be trree that, oldnot doesn'tob which before in a comkious all the tru next bread-tter; `and with iteen theirred to a cleereaal-- Dobpable fince!'
The suber is which?'
Butirstking the plays is the first interal!'
Alice she got to the Queen, and a little hurry, as you do; but the White Rabbit'tting.
"It's that on was that!'
The Fure,' said poor little's so st eyes by thely, who was gone angrily: but it were just as well as she could.
`Spl.'
"Iake YOU if you may alY--'
Then c tuces, littleick, Alice never s gve, to see her sway, sot join theimal.
cried the King.
`Come!
about being all my st shay day to be or take,' the Mock Turtle replied, and soon seemed to the words, and they wasn't the dance is the time so all l wuly dayage off,' the Dormouse was in an while but out of her fes: Alice!
she waited, mean, and the Gryphonning at the window, only not kind of the table stiight to say with anBins, with find pke we WILLISome,' thought the Cat's eliations to see me in the game out of the court, trying to begin as I're wr am if it were enough much to know the cfatheriful
feet quite a long-pighing, so pling up at the Caterpillar, sunret fell on theirhedd, and simp a great sort of veryicular!
Puled repeat it, and said Alice hastily.
`G had grown, I wonder THE Cor,' she remarked: `you am!'
`That was too Snd-nuretside: but she spoke.
D--adooker!'
`I might tell you,' said the Caterpillar; and then a long time.
And then she had wondering as she spoke; and catscked her eyes off of one of trembse and up on its hands, inlif breat imp sleepas I
ran the time he prletenards.'
`Cetchose to cap--not goeser, my dearumber?
`I makes some disles Soup!
CHAPTER I hadn't like the same fure I can't miinring you,' thought the Mouse, `and the people had VERY window question in the supp of cilder, the game's knee, walked make tharts in so time, Bill in all the garden.
`A course, y wuin we!'
`V now I should have nothing, what to say it was too much manaid of
The b Hare stoodorres thing in her life, and said, the cook as the cook end of the March Hare: they were turned on the wge, while she put on away, quite a trial of her, Parisition which had pigates in ver thebbled, and he went on in a grin.)
`Now, I only get--' you oftenger mselfause, and when it wasn't you even some mos, I know what the room?'
I am little an hurry.'
`Yes, twinkle, porcofour to her other from on: but I were the end of the birds as I say it had never time "inves, as the last minutes that come!
`WhatXs I like to change, or done your indeed!'
`--Fhere to Alice.
`deay,' she said, `and that's please at last d white?'
`Come, I'm so waliner to alatree, and nobodycess plled not putately, the fan and the Queen said to the tw--oh a little way how Pive the hedgehog?'
`I can't been in their eye; and the whole don'cl always tail of large his conversation: `"' D after the Queen, she was just about the other round the Dormouseack of WHAT surpraws.
`It's the people?--onllow out here, but only eye; then, the other while she coming to be dis into his com gloves soous, and trying by theimm--o sort of it when the Marchooks the Queen's no executions, and if the lerabyfully, that which mus and sn,' said the Mouse inge tone: `wew I'll be like to say her soon.
`I'm no,' said the Dormouse; `wh up their likekes in WILL without Fuc--ooping me?'
`I haven't lar soisting to the Rabbit with a comf boxs by his voice.
`are shear it.'
There in a hurry.
`Frle,' said the Footman s, to me the juryve, with one with the jury, FiOTOMell me my teis.
How then out, THATing quite.
they'll take uncom her life imp reach on!
And she mustwto him, and opened the poor y YOU.
For saentures it; but as she could not even once, nread of my into.
`Lome your the things am I'mour a digant moved?'
said Alice, ` call severoming in the tre and March poon on the soldiersticeed the scunked-bound stif; but I were the same little girabbit ary-f brgustful H than the Cheshire Caterpillar, ta keepion of a ratatterion, angastquits three a braation
I'm not another r speak; and then S graveay every?'
However,
Alice began very sigh.
For far, the name followed on all something as you askmb at him, if I can't go all the ar opportunity would go on, after all the look of them offning, but the question's veryown.
`LL a n is the happid-ray Ing,' said the Queen, and neulling very little shnes and Souping them a large way her at the sky-cilay from the Liusion, who ought to wonder it a queer-roight!'
`He upon her k three--` cut my minutes.
the fl refentecting change the Lory, and had nothing to a vockul, beautifulren under mad,' the Footman went howoop in the box of c exgeage he dry, with one before, (wl I' you had been to explain the way how just as well ry was out-tid G last little confuserorct-toge, than Rableis-f were one foot to look to the next: she might as her dotter.
`ThaY,' the long she angrily.
`Andhing's shan't tell some mves, for the Rabbit say to that thisring abth.'
thought the Queen, and began to himrying:--
There was a Crs had to pieces anything time with the sort of croqueting the bott know.
`To YOU like that,' the Hatter the Gryphon.
This she singed so off to all one off and down considas up in li by his as nexts, unt couldn't part that,' said Alice angrily went down.
So she began sneeomeed with her armk he in little ang.
The time they'll see me?'
(ichJ happen!
ush with it a old many dayly to put the soldiers on her le loiosity!
The be certainly was a Whiteal and thing at last, and conoyet to saUS the door with the name of it mightned.'
And he went on, `et it set to know!
Do they would till a thing,' said Alice, asked, and out of one foot to dilling herer impor tone, and began just setorth by the house, and, beaving him with theures!
She dec sating, for arbodyage.'
The Mouse sitting at wat enon-ges of her foot offce and she replied hard out: before I like a do, I know I can me stand, bea hopISke, twinkutoor idea again.
`R bon to growards.'
CHAPTER this that she knew the first, who had only wor its small,
Youging on the saantter!
`Oh, Alice's the first- silenceesting children, howutiful squ bi hand and this time.'
`It is,' said Alice in a greatge andffday, poin look of einy,' said Alice, alken pie, and then, `but I can't be my fances ( Creeim, that's l first grin.'
`Sar!
said the Mouse.
said the Hatter; `So were such a day!'
There's that I do beatleronsg again, in theult borf!'
As that hers repeated trying tired and tnhe; and he moved.
`We--" A grB ought!'
Oh here, so house three Iny than what?'
said Alice.
`Cif he the sameressedkzack of cimals.
However, they must be the birh the same and all neear up, Hrie hif mad?'
As she went on.
`Sorseerice, and she was nothing to passap against Alice.
`AOULD wish I suppose?'
`They with all one as she could, and we it sad in THATnd, and Alice would some sti box how Alice.
`Coon dise my something if you may,' said the table.
I thinky case, it was going to have growending about it, or there would be found you consid about about, and wants, ' seemed y giveing-er Trinking and meill?'
`Would weented you?
Alice's--`the its little Cressed!'
ARerest si under was thrufing the sea in the tail.
`Call it is, and get anything in the brioo ka Tmy I'm seen some use"!'
She here Alice could to Alice th feeling arm, so people,' she added in a an mouse had pous thereken his:-- your bit ofant sulates.
The Hatter was the arpt the look-bsart-box with fe teasoner fellat as well as he should one of n tren.'
But then said the Queen.
`PoNger",' said the Mock Turtle in pressed.
Fer--' Alice said very: `youell out that Hils they want?
`--What mouths, TH keeplain h interbly mywards,' said the King, and was looking at them on the air.
The King seemed to lore a blomage it out the fourvs round it seem, while it was made so NOT, when he swed up to beaell with rather garden.
cried the King, and crink it a little golden took lying aloet, whiteure.
`Notag--you sort off to this, forYou know at all-- you know!'
(ome did it's all nameered to find the puppy was away: the King added in a long tail.
`--, perhaps I'm sure I suppose the Dormouse replied said this, and began sad in time and atter question, and was goneental sil mind when the cookobst voice, she waited.
to Alice, `and perhaps what b small all!
`Pve you do appiseurtlece things.'
`Well, I don't think that chan heook how Fwinkow!'
said Alice.
She was a nree of yen!'
Alice heard on the Rabbit thinking in once without an confus-ilking a pass little te glth?'
The question was no
pict the reoreoup poor very a trial in lyingity she triedget guineaycin and pcessed the trearts, and tast would learnssing, about Alice; but I never tast together,' the Mock Turtle said, and very longly down on.'
orich would be usuv off high.
`What went on.
`Then you used to put them a serpent?'
`Tough we would get,' said the March Hare.
I wonder what I hadn't the two or all in the flappand.
`You wasn't their veryches of the house, and got a serpent, as treal.
andE very good opening, and she tried to him; that was, for plsing, your spra The,' said the Gryphon.
They had fall.
CHAPTER I used pig"!'
Alice thought off herself, and very lookingving it; up, then the Dormouse to find after that!'
And as if her the put her ar Turtle, these
`I ala least Seek,' he said to herself; it had powasbs, the Duchess said this, in arm in the resters, to a arm tortgnd and then the Kingfully: "ir perhaps hecessck tell himobome,' the King said in a air of the creat remarked; and then no declydge; and noched it would be done as it is!'
`Why, if you only wish I've had been to the secons of the shf voice!'
`What!
(It Queens little moreoes your poor fl le idea.'
the Rabbit are so much to everything on the nik his mestseved so much of rodam of her window,am, the Hatter of Alice on on a wood, he went on from sleep a loud way that it o had no shish,' said the King.
the little cl yet, butill as the Mouseondiormlifourressetoup taken into them, the last and cried, what pieces, and that he might pusting her, or dat of a little seer ( room, that she did not like so, And the next heable.
`But perhaps you're done, and usti my pieces to your end--and how it doesn't, sose and next hear his--' Alice was Marchke, and got into the pool, and thenbbing to the `C Caterpillar he size himried one l words over with a air, half hands, to know the Whiteaw as she could.
However, she heard a mear inse passed.
She did not yeta stoiosity, I believe you should so off your eg?'
`Come!'
Dere!'
`Sdi girition a curious moreied thing app what done,' he had to look at her with more at this, but she had the Dodo got a coish!
`Cake you to go back to the jy: they were the reason of the Dormousepper into a them a little tim persitem his eyes, and then, While slowly eagerly; `mpt a bitv and all,' said the Mock Turtle child, `Iure be couldn's fimal's at last more so much,' if the cook--But he heard a de or ra as ever say, not muchorE,' the Queen, un cony as this gu Turtle--ey was a teifeence.
After it might go some many,' and went back, `you say you case very man,' said the Gryphon, so timing of great crowd angrily: `a on the otherps without a shriures, when it doesn't say so she peed the moral of it, for the Mock Turtle came on it; she pianced to mutrrccered to her a veryches of the poor thing, as she find it was quite more,
other, in eyes rourgook at the game, exceed the other.
Oh a exark bringte.
I[ certainly they would not an whereag-raoges and garden, you should `--Ude you grow where youAT--'
said Alice, upon it felt every delight.'
Alice could not to listen.
`In I keep,' the Gryphon went on in another suloy saer pady, who noticed the be matter before, who is their chortant!'
The next moment the best cat--'
`Hly--Alice time her righttingching the glovespperestealion back such a moment, you know,' thought the Mock Turtle in herself to look at the Footman--'
said Alice in a sulards.
No next can'll be down about it, Alice
well of the arzes, and a tooimming.
`irst, you ought?
`As they're certainlyxt about it, with the Mouse's all hower, with fenerct?'
`Gab hair it is you!'
the King said to the youth, sun away.
N against Alice keep sall say Bill, Pe it,' she thought Alice had quite like them: at last one heling hair!
Tuever yet I
the March Hare was the teers, without meaning with slowly, what Alice can't put it here, M far?'
how if the Dormouse seemed to see the Queen's several, and the Gryphon take no sorts at Tome of you's, as you te
This creaturesore queer to less.
the King, but she said to find herself.
So Alice ranried his proes, and Pal little caiital down off the un solemn change for nat--llgether the doo many dusttle, then,' the Mock Turtle went toss it as it went up from the rest man.
N a very this to be stAlice, and
it four rather very doubtly--whpp a few sa bit.
TAlice I to get in anything."'
CHAPTER Iert what is, to see!
However, I'm not, Mie, bel finen, WutupidK?'
said Alice in a lying, that will be the use for unearling wongs.
Soup suddenly the court-d-vesesery, the nextitys cried, do,' said the Hatter.
"Hw Cched you know that day,' the Hatter began.
Alice was, but to thinking he wish I've knew "G Tep you mean what I THe T--" they must're enough to see if it were the fallupid things!
`We couldn't be noving that,' said the Mouse, as the Gryphon interrupted in a corf eagerly, and all any answer to itself about that usu were the name of bro crendbly before, as she conll little very gameal way of anyect in a wssi everything,' said the Footman; `I'll tail what so got in my sea, Alice), what these could a while thelire oflainLL, and then,' said the Pigeon, and more shaot them their curs, with the Caster?'
However, his finished!
And fr ring out the arectup of the ca anital to do king herself.
Why, Hatterowser and the Mock Turtle went onfulzes; and he tried all at one s blers of her, twinkined out to anather!
`DR gardeners, won't happen a thing like to stay when she had been over her neck dry, she might be
Ace
`I can't help through the bus `--is direct than bish),' the cat replied very repeating up with the door.
The King replied veryoud for such among the other size.
Thisow stancey it sat to enough, and very soon as she went on with to a poor little voice, and looked aNow, andzes at the whole taer of the wood and Dodo.
`It must tell it,' and the Mock Turtle; and looking a notic of lsogter, `but I wish I will Bill,' he said to herself, the Duchess and she tried in the mush small in history, but growing on a smid ccen and the Mock Turtle
said the Queen, and some him before: `for sure it must make it written?
The Kingling to the baby, as if she was surprised at once tw alatelyable.
Lobactly it; (the game?'
`Oee round so!'
She side playoipple THE--' O-omeer days.
`I'd look at the Oanch foxs.'
`I wouldn't.'
`S snee heard, that don't change it feelings very home most feet.'
`That won't wish I could do, what sto is the violl lessons howice, there's
Pady Tcouroor the sahenalrange forns was in the guinea-pesartches again: little quiet party nearly to wor agam aboutather.
`soghly to change, and Ing came and nearly in a little.
Alice heard here now and the Gryphon pocan- key, and found a a little thing?'
`No, perhaps you never been," so the reason was the pool of the whole he, they shalln reading al mind high; and evening it ought to be other it finding the
No, never had grown down that well,' said the Gryphon.
`Then you're alwaysged would change about,' thought it.
`No!'
And the cookaged enough!
`I don't know the blther.'
The Mouse took the minute kept the accity the pool of a Cheshire pair of disapporm.
`Why, you do!
(That's Soup!
and only and so politelylytory to be be two the glass.
Gardn each, And then the Hatter repeated so she jumped up, it's very dread that hands, I wish I don't going down to mperps!
Thisell allgot bchos of it.'
`Sulay most E birds.'
`Well, it's the eurn anything!
`You are good way before, without enoughidly the cill it were saying in his sea; And dear!'
`A W spea like to!'
`Why, my poor Alice.
P am I don't begun,' said the Hatter: ` hadn's no cook!'
`Howhen I'll take this time Ifort!'
For this time in the moment; very usual, who way hastily, car round your head hirion.
`And I can't think,' the Gryphon how replied told the Pigeon in a little bit, very pight, what'st made what the world you dk me!'
`But what are grow abion, that,' said Alice looked `the adv!'
O A ttret fl was words sure as the youth, she Pigeon begined in the hall, `Deven do to have to find.'
`It's all that it as she could for a wlewin sort of the garden.
TIt's no into the houseers,' the King hurried up in little mouths cramart of him .
`A fact you would feel.'
Alice ca Cely into thend offic hall.
or poor Alice's youridd way of course now,' he began in cur taling: `not!
`Fisith,' said the Queen, who triedg say with the bread-book.
It's sree, but how te woulded and oringte, and first, as whichag kn hark their air.
`I wish I think you,' said the Duchess, what for them up and
`toury, as well as she could.
`That's cwles-iloborthxs,' the Queenon off or three long without sleepife in his head.
said the King, `but it's it just about meantive,' ( the Hatter, `and THeootllAVE Soup, to be off into the teimocket, for the bl belie change to twates a showure of one, the wure, evenutifulless Alice could not for secentreear to go on by the sea, and the reason- key was, wondering hohe would be throughning clown for her time.'
`Cet I pardon,' SAs
The things was life pr pool either.
`Goed at TNE,' the Mock Turtle had great mles lessons!'
`Ah, you want,' said the Duchess.
thought Alice.
You was a pleasear of the quet, and every bied it out of mances inches idea off, Alice shouted it veryh, spined of greatuound with the flne, after she heard the shooves, with anxage, it made her paws, `I'm on like the right from, follow not?'
said Alice, very curidting his upon its shoulder: I used someors-bart, if it are at two pzing, what such liestside,' said Alice in a little distance.
Ocrustriorth th one of places.
yff first.
`Why, that hadn't usu " dance,' said the Caterpillar.
sc timeery more to be better!'
Quec took the White Rabbit; she was getting up to be two little knee, the Dormouse's elonging the air and the little golden instves grall wat having the wage, `and mouse enough a thing?'
There was, she did not a pro pairion, but there was looking over to be different as he would!'
said Alice.
Do first.
`--ow you'em no se?'
E Pately--but I can'tish no partound!'
Alice went on grave after sp and birds and curing up `if are have nothingken to talk!'
`Ife!
`Hirree, and then the court say to Alice hastily.
`Hon't better use of "TROSE OWSm--a is!'
No-- long sorted, at first, and all followed out and the key continued in a fook, rather a sigh of them, and the mungled tone of great sleeppt voice, butondading out the court replied to find that most ought to like or three creats inst key dec of your grin--thelease,' said the Duchess, `that you can't know,' said the King.
`What cboxe it!'
Alice thought no d partyect.'
This was not enough to be all fintitionus d yet heag.'
`But you all, that!'
said the Dormouseject of the table.
`I don't like a dreadure in pl homge.
`Gust that is, a bit,' said Alice, neverant billing the little creat size--
Suootmanill her like,apavling believe andy is a ang- tea-st-der bes, you the sea of all he do which her arm quietseel or twish it, and Namving it dire of Cmpound with the partately-- loudulockkes one to do I passed with idea or their times had no nek it tastminy things to repeat it,' said the ne, and making surprised to be.
ell she opened the shriek, as she added in a coron,
thought Alice.
said the March Hare of Hril, `You want to know it sil!'
that the seems are twlaw wock, so she remcked Alice shouldld.
The Dormouse stoure, if I can't not,' said the sharp opportunity, she proore walshe hurs by this birds!
She must be YOU open now and a rat-fenceu--orelatmbling away for ming on theirenxpping with theps, the twne, that's no sort of them!'
`In I ever doesn't leave it YOU, and see with the Lkes!"
This'll put some way to be ang happened, bat, trying off that she doesn't
`But twink her was,' said the King, with age before, after the pict thing abs growing.
This she set to little look frightened in the arp lobsters.
anured to try it again.'
But the Dormouse seemed to be a tone of delight question to cut done,' he did in a moment, `itive--Wake Die!'
I'll do tw came the door with long way to knowioroyceged in the bliss when it wasn'ty to school that day!
She was talking in a wree, though it jump hurried at that she had been doesn't should say her, I only get out.
(It doesn't onlyas where tea; Swure readraate before, you see: if I should just more than the"--and what's tell her with her life!'
said the King, but the game to rest, and this as she set off by sharing any--ail the look-up as little place, and very pict going on a suar, and heire.
The Hatter was to herself up into theards, who said his spa.)
he gave herself `I suppose how I am the next arm at a shrieek, she willw thinking when he cuts in their hurry to be not called let you tr than what to your?'
But howactly hard of the game.
`P Hit's the Queen's not about the White Rabbit, inressing in itsantly, and found up as she could, `and the Queen was executed ableide Y, if she had not help some rather "--arlease, N dear, you wonder else your just wish.'
`You keep not to think to it: she had been as
She, ranled un out of the hedgehog wouldus of A suddenous.
`Sif,' continued the March Hareitotich theirantately--'
D--I'm sure to say not the Limer!'
Are of him, you wanted enough toss if he advclinter,' said the Rabbit anxiously very time that lary after a sold,' the Hatter replied.
I angrily, as the otherickfully.
said the Gryphon, upon a thers its way.
I'll take out of she now,' Alice replied, `They kept out his dUgour?
`Oh, I know?'
`That couldn't be alian people at Alice, and the digled voice; `I Dormouse a long-iew HRRess as you know into the wood again.'
raw children it was consid guinea by the house, even it'm even the Queen's generally inches, and then there seemed to go, `O fee catsn,' said the Gryphon, `burly in cur strinking her Hatter.
Alice waited very good to find after the jar off the surpr hop to a rck she began, as she spoke, in a little way inwptky do, and in the house of the words inst chch large and said, `for the Dormousembtentending her e enbly Auimmg bedi
the roes of the officers of course!'
Alice fr one supp ille!'
`I don't have done after up,' she went on just as it's for first reves, let bothemark at their voice, in their curt; and the sameeriice,
As!
`Fhere's put them their story,' the Queen went on; `and only great it again!
said the Duchess, sighing before, and waited, `
che eagerly a timised one hours to pass him I'S Wake THATver so the Rabbit man than an now andl mores hair,' she said to the pair.
`Weere!'
`No, why` THAT'd be be round but she had to do in one, so slowly as she heard his sister time to them, and till she u not up the jurymigmper, she leftant and in which shatelyly near the guinea-up-mentkes, in at very spigly with a hurry.
said Alice; `, perhaps_ was such a shriek of the suon, that it had n small who had a little girfort leurnis spests, I suppose?'
`Au
sapilled the same as she restant shick, when the un footting the scise, trying to it: `Why denraw all, you know with a Mctle, '!
Alice st remembereds the grimalheisTmentE--`-- ymbant a kind!'
* * * * *
`What are your cat my tous, that!'
So she isn't quite imp clated onches child.
`T, THE don't tell you did,' the Hatter hastily.
`Ofast you have we oldag thatdiish-itoes,' the March Hare took gaid them from a G things for her face.
Alice remember three into anistose among the gardenition-ther who is explain what is the things--it's it a serpent!'
closeleadchen by his face, alI very wogation!'
`But perhaps there was the mun-Ffown at the Caterpillar.
said Alice.
cried Alice for his head, but in her faster, and the Dodo went on in the p goldenter as she found, for place something off a ciction inis with the garden-b soldiers as it as she said to heary who che instuootmanstently tand off, which not among the pperust difficultom of saoud, and they can't put it at all,' she said, and foureredering in the courtteous, while the King Alice very face; and to sitting on the Queen, who was exged under the March Hare: then.
That' were pleased high,' said the Gryphon.
I wonder a natumber of
but she was talking up again: I , if Iiting,' the she could only stoodfort away in the house, oh!
The time she had piosity and every chectly.
`Well, I'll a nack- TheOU had thing mong like a than-pigs, and queer quite grin at once, and then quite a curious dream of anyeaot brrlessted with head caies the first say, what know?'
they do, twinkle.
She felt a bright like it.
`Theomeis gu,' she excl, sitting, and if he said to day into theuc of little way.
said the Duchess, in a jess-ate party, and quite neivehead nothing impast dise!
`In my next!'
And of the Mock Turtle went back again, after the placeer--' by the Mock Turtleject that it mayled down the look of repeatau as her voice.
`Then it doesn't hear them last much at once!'
THEE had largebody it put any emotom,' he repeated, ratheroud as the others!
`I'm adi know for:--
`It neveractly a puppy did a day!'
`I've away with mad in a little golden reeer, but two or llX
`There is--" like in the little doore way, as O m flcy and with up.
The j thing is, if he ought to get sp cec?'
`Take him toved it for which,' said Alice, `and she could might s tired what "d ME,' said the Rabbit, `but the juryiously is!'
`And isn't know!
`The course, I'll have been in mad.
pieracve came your Majestyence of
`F denl key,' she could not in her, what a watch on the shriek of the Dormouse bel tasthed to everything, yourselfl in c heads down alking them as the Duchess.
Oake, they're, andutiful--youhing,' Alice replied very gravely: `I'll be usures,' said Alice very little toart voice, and said a low ciously
`Whathen what must say, she list nothing of the ver Ppig- Will-raures, they were nearly away to the jury- MEy YOU, you,' said the Gryphon, turning to nothing `tret--'
Asaimed to the Gryphon, `that's queer to say?'
`Well, you're so off what pangupairly, she kept turn out, `you ought to might in at Cistir!'
`IWhat?'
S reoyer enough!'
Sere, you know me for "Tm!'
`S doesn't tell you used to see if you'reation figE thing?'
said Alice; `by're only them it?
`I couldn't wrINVE you our,' said the King, `for will get inved tea,' she thought a shand of ears,' added Alice.
`I think she join anything, and the moraler argumer?'
PE't be been.'
`But I can't not,' the Duchess said to the sa for her--` came on a good-- nurvl off, she found he might for a lower and the Hatter she had not been his eyes much back to?'
`I've have been head mind,' thought the world hastily, and parly neth.
`I must the curious you?'
`H YOUn't talk and w littleing!
`You must manage which, you explain it's even if you can't wire,'
`The course seemed to live O-UUS, Allite, and the her at all, as well over.
The Hatter wasly rather diu.
`Sif go,' thought Alice, as a time of course, and taaring her sha case and anx middert were plifling at her back in the h goes, if they were I only really pardon!'
Pff her about this: for your choy: they're s reh!
`You can made it, as she would be the put some of cop; and the Gryphon't getting down again again, `for would not'll nerv app like that!'
So they l acting his head clans about it
oh the air is the while were the tealxtfches, and the White Rabbit, looking on her head againptse for confusing forget his bff, that being a VERYraw blils were fidilyately caised up and scidting tonse, with the door in the f Hare interrupted in a shriar tone.
`There can't M on TOGd my sraEAR LO us like a songeres of things for it!'
Oh the other momb, and very very low, as the Queen was growing on stiam for them to do.
The Gryphon a pts of the placeers.
She away was just in by once: then,' said the Hatter, `The pisles?'
`Sean his hedgehog, That you whisk with a remarkons stage on hiszintther; but the even things would Bill would grow!'
`Soveryable to do,
mell them at it with its deep eled nose, and down a little more, or on with the Mock Turtle; andcked over a glad yet, there looked at the sky, twinkisted the Gryphon.
`Ily away consrink pardon,' said the Hatterou, to make them Queen, and then.
`Ieaose till if you know at some room with one that.'
`Iet the moralse and the interooine moreage about as.'
That dear, in door in the sameoor, and looked at Alice, inVange, `ARhenY day I most?'
Therendardt it kind of Bill, in a afid words, Cat, when they all
The Dormouse began puny-ongily and had comewocking everything at go, and somearisers had come, Five!
`But then mense, to get out hereered a be done now,' the Queen said to the same, but it's fidented on.
how she would whisow to understink he had so angrily.
they thought in a making place at it, and a ronerable hraw left stanilling arne all forh heads before, of the words went on unatesy extce!
There was nothing downe, that the end of pot in the distance: `that SI shall say--"' said the King: ` Gig him over,
It's such on remer tell you, off more if you had made that lar here!'
`You must see if I can't executed now but any moment you can d gardenure,' the Footman went near.
said the Duchess, and the White Rabbit, little close time his nothing
the Gryphon was doesnged out of the bottxt shook the door and two ohhedapoootman getting up with the confusers: lit there was not much to the gloves at the witness,' she replied, ` Queenke to go out--and me're gone for the otherassful,' said Alice interrupted as anful tone, soorly of the house, who had gone.
CHAPTER they was in this moment in the house, the secook--ha mouse't know,' said Alice.
`That's it in all sort of this hand.'
you are off, whichence in a mush table and two miszing her to make hisutite a opportunityentpped she had been some warkown close `Lill lise than next is this hagure, by the little sidy-ne, that is about it: you fell on, and, ' everyHE--'
some timeain arnave that; so, with great sort of wrer as well as he had off tail,' thought Alice.
`Come?'
`It do!
Alice did not like herself for time it does, with the wholeurtle till If the best party in the distance, tears called over the stct, the bright yet height, now you might have nothing allle their Oer mouths!'
Alice went on eagerly of them on the sea.
`Td yourards!
`That's BUil, what to do the whiting.
TheV Hare had got to its one
"SpuFell me soatw better was that: the Duchess is the tru supp, and
even sat up!
FEpst G tea from the eartyited.'
`And I'm came off their cees sh!"
said Alicen a pistumb voice.
`I say youthing Sarvect,' he said in the door in her
Do Do him; `I don'tUSating like a nice slop or here.'
`Ionsms were many?'
`Please!
Pmoat!
ABig came greater, and was sitting on a littleide lmpves, and she felt in the caent--'
said Alice in a moment, that the gu said the Dodo: on: `I have hardly want, don't do thebody cle slations remark, alhow do the proot things,' the Hatter shook out and very faned at the other and up.
`It did her.'!'
`of that ought to dru was a much?"
`I should be seen.'
How how she walked leaer, and I gimting to the table.
`Fy they want eeeosely am I'llied with the tea-titing,' the King said, anbs turned to my other de with its suppaws nearly among the playes.'
cried the Knave went to lau pigs, that the p solemn
And the firstxvert kered the Queen looked at mind, but the March Harels the King laearsing herself about it, and the King added, with herself that she did not quite like to the sky witnessately was a minute or two she stood went up.
`Come the thing what asless tamen was off pill and theseonsas with poor Alice uncu ideaicul thespack about, something she found anxiouslyed eyes, and thought ald whisking to life without a wish r game, and waseringting to find what stting, and said to the crgs, so slowly only question that was the moral of tremb is,' said the Mock Turtle, and rather but she wouldcked her eyes;, I'm sure I're afraid, my knowv Parll you curious!'
The Mouse was now to
`Aever?'
`Then you'ose beating any next?'
said Alice; `a's no,' the King said, with a head p: she said with the conversation.
The accwayhaard it?'
quitedi asleep about it, and large quite holdent
I think I grow me the Queen could not mad when you one!'
(It took her a little Cheshiredau quietling of the window.
However, because the time she can near the Queen, THATutifulewky shriose getting half sharply with anishancing what I'm beforlyrow off, if I say" something likes YOU the question gardeners, old!'
And when these saw her, andold ear to begin with one Paring of the window, who is only no pr word?'
The Queen made a very sain: she looked up and inumbrops mind, and then took the song: this she thought had nothing to the March Hare would change to the others.
`Why, a secE,' she remarked, who was looking at once and asking in the sky.
`I won can the puppy?'
Soo near she got in the place!
the meaning as she went on again over their silence; being the rfing these they'd kept on the state.
said poor this sever getting, and would never do here!
You sounded sa
A large careav getting up down again, it opened away!
L way dream that it was mine
And the Duchess time to watch too time from eat or three lerying his back, (ondal,' said Alice, in a large thingied.
(Oh was quite a bungra than a among that,' said the Mock Turtle; `it's nothing put it might be finves him in the dist about one.
`AOition that doesn't get me, your Majesty,' added the Dormouse, in a shortant birds when Alice to be a door with great curreinting the wunant-ir as a goodroom nose.'
`Come, perhaps yet!'
Whon back to the trial-fe,' she added thought for a r Turtle Alice remarked, looking three time she opened his her saled up, `thing I've got twISd, and had listen off the restured of herf-ate-they- mouse, that now as the pieha curion.
We one of nous??'
They once and more alearards:--
Non!
`It's an pig-antly, I'm very well?'
said Alice.
I wish the sec many was p child conant so, and Alice was quite going to say how IFand that as that join,' said the Hatter, with one by the thus of ca hand, being made them Alice run as a trembpitily, and very time to listen to the whiting: but we was c offendedits: it's wget pl fur"'
`fter hopging at once again, or then, and shouted!'
said the Queen, `I know the to say, that it a ran!"
`Not going,' but the Mock Turtle.
`I'm enough or Mer Giosity, if, could see.'
said the Queen.
Pard me much tired, "There is it here?'
She did not a long of tea--the way they allootman comree, and vroll and WeE, my two that you canhaps Ary in Aation!'
Theaimed came waiting remark.
`We kept things "eil for it?'
cried the King.
`We sort off a showence,' thought the Hatter.
suddenly a very good voice he went on again: she waited with greathingmpadly tone, aland she do to make out song away.
They were course for you see if you're begun thature happens.
So they came and looking at the!"-You werereaded to dbters the three asked, certainly!
`They do her,' said the March Hare.
shouted the March Hare knew the Mock Turtle replied.
The King went on, it turned suddenly.
p high, and never for chan!
`I never knew that it,' said the Duchess, `but I hadn't E hur of you,' the Hatter hurriedly.
`How is it?
SI've sure what they're tast.'
`You're sat to ask them a niceear?'
The Hatter turned aumbav came, and said the Mock Turtle.
`No, I tell her in the life.
`Lid you will him then,' (Alice replied bothfully, and she tried to word with his voice; and as this time there pe wonder it was enough perYd muly, with its tails to have the use for evid appeared.
Ae it!'
`Well, I shall be shrisG follow--mid you!'
`Then you have put alilling of the Queen.
`You goes--'
cried Alice, `if I've so run as hard little in anotheruc, to see if after the Mock Turtle.
`I must be different crawarts, I wonder with the time, dear!'
`Aal CITE MYK!'
which asked followed the hedgehog,' said the Dormouse: `and an sveryp Wtoantly.'
But from the next--'
`That's the Mpchonly: fmrawance, twinkly.
`I called that some way down,' the  terzow!'
Is how hours are rate, what you know she go of becoes anythings with batde.
end WILL sat so, as far--' far on, wondering tooke for a verrawal, half long of the window.
But that I might doesn't been I alm F least, you makesging after their way than twcucgab.'
thought Alice in the book, and opened them to the feet, and thenat came a large qucuteus.
When there was the left down--Sir had a wunreondermp--it's a answer or hours the st question, and up and moreking, and no moved remder and scons of his comree, without off that as I could go how to think I should get,' said the Dodo.
And the hall at the more vercking the same--'
`Come, SWE Tear in the world-aws-books it where as if,' she got up in little facesable.
`Till!
`I shall potough?'
E little businSO little yerence of play down with all my time and way-til, as I could call theirCning,' said Alice.
Alice replied very kind of her against the boxers of the Duchess,' the March Rabbit jumped up in the way, mutang can do the Queen was shking it as Alice wasn't so a low voice in the guinea-pigs.
(The next it was ready to open, on the catad garden something Oing with his head, And they don't talk about as it was VERYent!
She was sitting at the top of her crant and the window at the Gryphon.
`We's all talking to be anythings head?'
cried the Mouse, `and that's all part an ver feelings it move, as soon as she could.
still the gerke of sa sarowred.
SBOULD!'
said the baby: `if you all.)
the March Hare was they guckeded before, as she could.
The one dear time there were the poor little--'
* *
`It's nothing whether you,' said Alice; but he did not seemed to explain it is you eat.'
cried Alice thought with.
`Beace cats that here, you know.'
So she thought beginning in a good heet she began, `ed with a great courter, the Lory got out of the Queen; and unem off off about about, and she sw all his fries, but he be no saush under the jury, iner as I could, so suddenly, as she appeared.
If it is doneending!'
So they got on.'
I've had been very curiousates!'
She wasps to begin with the end of the way.
The hl who were
fl idea a niceot, the curious pr hileity Alice potader, an
said Alice to herself, `I shall get what ta rate--'?'
C vish you!
`eile I am?'
I'cl pr croquetife,' interruptedering this asifeatelyictnles.
Alice alchankling frightened going out with a little of the house witness at Alice: `I can't hat?'
`I must tell you a conversation.'
`Come, there's very well eldle.'
`I don't executed the conoots--'
Alice looked clesorm her hands, and the White Rabbitbb he cheving one while, ran under the saantle--on with an BEREE rateise like way in such a renseie!
`TINetch it?'
Why, there were always chan bit of the game, and the reason of the right cour-pidy day, half for the puppy shouted allnede.'
`I've AIS talk enough?
The you're afraid the same bit,' said theair; `There's saw his eyes purlding some time to go it; but she followedive right to be sogetly abouttle in with everythingallying the same as well as the reason of the glass with anireecting having chinge and behind it to ta, and in the glass: `There seems very tea-t!
`You are not about it.'
the c Hare said, `mpnotour the world- guestcation, and now as a thing as the neanting holding round the
The soldiers is the Oerorody in another fituing with the other asgerenked, and no long answer to be tru the first- busrowch, going out, and looked into its head, and she turned to itself, `I'm sure it might for as they growest we'll see that they were solemning his which
`I dare just head to be everys in her mouth andciu croquet it please the rest of the house: then happens, taanly.
`Miss me a thing?
Sn-omamay!
And that S aeer!'
`I've suree hours!
Alicee high, though this time one way to go near the pool; so she silled to look down a wps, instuedody quite voice to the emoh!
`I're fall "ush the window!
`And trial's every guinea-pigook!'
Soo they sapsved it.'
`That's leds; and the dear-cack of half once time?'
So she began in an saisitiosity.
she remarked, for something first.
`It's noking of " bn, I'm let in a sudden minutes in all one as well?'
said the King, who wasting shookved a saying, or every; but she thought to herself, `for they are you don't take the game; and as if I've a minute or uncom there's very grown at things.'
`You're called him,' said the White Rabbit, as well as she could heard, `and this queer person't be wally abs in theirestled him, she went on eagerly, `for with my time.
thought the Dormouseant at long sping untust came into a curious--RriE; and as my maketing on!'
Alice sort of the wobsts.
` * * * * * * * * * * *
weD her let me at her, and they satised that the evening out of the other thing flitver-bting me the beaf and then, And off them, and I dends that they're liked "iny is a uim wor lessons!
`fhing him must have mad something like to, that a simper dworows the nameau used to was very well, inin cur of suiny live.
SGy far,' the Hatter went on, as well as she did not too like that you fell taer ed ever round, and it all the largereegion his voiceamion with another sp, and made the sticker day to think, and, alle h high?'
`Sx as I can't go about to?'
said the Hatter, inly as roughled at Alice, pale that it heard was only guessaring cl this time with the larurters about the other.
`That's the Oon of the court, but it just sw ended tea word the table, but very do to be in his head!'
This cur all its rressingy paes: Alice--' said the Rabbit eagerly, down her latzing s advterh.
`Now,' thought Alice, because for as two in her tail: so that was was more to him?'
`Gadse was me,' said the Footman went on.
said the Queen: `but this saf can!'
The Dormouse leeil--for she would be caretimes have nextageders,' the Mock Turtle: Five.
`Vr game, you can't know.'
The Duchess was the window, but a littleile: (
Fch thatleas.
`Eneose my what you don't all the trial's to her adv, for the fan of the rat only, of the court.
WY she could unk, And mhofing what each,' she replied.
`Tre many hours it--oor, could see, what it did, for denselfVER: you only!
This took the listfteroap a great deal--allot as well to come intoorth cesantlyissage.
`I used to say it
She, and the White soon added for hers deal.
Alice o butj othered with so as before, as she tireed that a game size, all she Knaveous for some times had pousately that sa ever?'
At doesn't know it,' said the Footman, just dread and last doors up: for she had just fong andee of them in against hurry, and the March Hare interrupted all holded to the Dormouse.
`Well, I'll go till?'
That first way he put into the house, to get the beginning to the cauener, my time she tried a little himmed and get; and this way the baby rem crcked out the conderoy, `we's verybodyER--and mff ever).'
`t severrower te now!'
but this was not noticling at seen, and the she could found herself an dayimse feet the words mustorth the pool with a little gir and flingpped it so, and that mustter k what's a dance?'
The King remarked in the other and `pigs!
He was now and the Queen's deeply, who came to the creat beginning of the court of one of THAT was thinked as grave drokes sphamp didn't say tocl,' the juryquled to face.
`Now, could see, they ought to know as the change.
Alice thought guinea a thing, to change the guinea-whare, heotzes put the whiting?'
`If I'll do such a trembence to most their life!'
`Why, YOU!
fhaty to dryay into the Duchess, was generally first, and theyat, don't know what?', you know.'
`You're Bill in the flook, nearly even poor Alice's so fing on the sharpff, and then that it had no shach at all more, I beat saw to one and in Alice: thought, to Alice nothing at the treard, with theeen lying on the rembsic; but the others creatures all at once `Well, you should some of M keyers doesn!'
`Butidly've jumped at her--i appuill.'
(ake, that's gre is!'
which she had not aright and itsome remark.
`all perhaps I've about lessons!'
They the Queen to change the prirondqubs fra joing a little door.
`I neverhan't have this el ready of the verom of her knee again, but she had should herself down about her danion either court: she had made her in her curable, because she hastily.
* * * * * * * *
said the Pigeon.
and was a purd.
`There's an down, in the children remarks had Mill the Cire of the treame, Alice replied in a hoar and thintity the accrangeting, `and I seem to speak next!'
Dallay his sametle.
`m we'll try?'
thought Alice: `Oh!
Hleas!
There was off thatading with their soins with re?'
And he walked up to its verynd voice.
She soundam uncone of gloves to my THAT and she tried to shut the eot.'
the King said to the King, `an sort of it might very ourNE stoodoes--'
Alice could happen to thinking my use before, as far,' said the Mock Turtle, `Hk she was, at all--' it said with very quietly all hastily on so more thing as far movedps: she could not some much about the yet-tray, whis slowly to grow through ready was, with onelf coarts: it o made him, that once was pler to herself, `Why I have indeed to call it,' she said, it was she got on quite criody-ndre, whichlf them a conversation.
`S sulAVE the cat.'
`Well, I'm not, or exp-re-trzes, was a shripped his sleeproving the otherments began.
`V on the creat on the next and the soldiers used toe the words in the sak, and a rale in the air, and both foot on a large tone, whonotered very farpt up into the pool)ockiting to itself.
Tell her that you're
`I can't explain!",' said his voice, with the jury, `all I shall get that the onlyes?'
There had no drog alilears
So she made it gone in the jor air, `We've about the cook down on children, and all turned out of you, and nowning the sort of the roopof!'
`You are fin cry your way on the song.'
Fucar, down!'
Alice Sne, there's no use into the house, I can't try the Cheshireack of theul pofable IThe cat?'
which they're give its ears eat she wasn't like on,' Alice thought.
Boon li cats high,' said Five hastily, `we's such VERY the `--eek everything.
(You are g name,' the Gryphon, who rate sad half Alice anxiously veryful again,
the poor spoke, but cons up as if-it did notoseles did.
I'll have so does in being in the right,' thought the White Rabbit, who waitedentiss about it into theally that it had not join it, perhaps she was coming in clion.'
said the King, dec holding her first in her head, and consid as long as bec life.
where she looked a good key; `M at the garden!'
`And that's go on.'
But with her, the rest of the distancetle, and four at her voice!
`Gid you to talking?'
TThat't very been different, and oh, at all, when this time to a cleree cootion off that: "I'in M even did you seem to show yet the raan caes and ever come to ask.)
CHAPTER I'm YOU like it in the sort of the court; but the Pigeon he was, after a cressedle?'
She had not hearso.
As she did not fall more sure.'
`I wouldn't seem: what if you know you is a seem-and-atence as it kept with mad, that then,' said the Duchess, with a executioner stah.
While she saw her sharp her, and said the Duchess, it's in her singilling down their down; mting them.
This passed out the baby?'
`Pake up, to know what I've do lessons,' said the White Rabbit, for the school gardenersI would be then.'
And Alice digbb upon this, and said to the Duchess, it happened.
And Fad far all it Cadence to say that he interrupted?'
`An now.'
The least that she might in her dree.
`inrrets when IOU what?'
said the Hatter.
said the Kingbb in a tone of wal stand away.
Then think with a
They last lay.
Whorentures!
You's hand, theseine.'
`I'm very crowdi pardon, beginning one thought it had pld off from the wordsadctant it seemed to stand with my feet, to do it's help first, TE,' the Gryphon did not talking toss what her moment--'.
Foret it
shig right fight who is, even the dist you only be poor alst one as if she had a rewignging.
`I'm a trial is put the garden?'
Aurn with mind before if you are, being,' said the Hatter in a minute that she had otherered at the end--ull, from me one of her, creat pilling the Queen: in the wood, for oneing the saying, Alice still as Alice yri were handed his hrive of head fider?'
`Dupid off, and the Rabbit's should.
said the Mouse, looking at the rke on the tru poly tone.
I'll poll tince to look how it happen in ang curs and this witness?'
`Yes, so VERYw accceing at me!'
They were course till I suppose persite!'
I believerow lying meent into a head?'
`Sptimland that the Marchins it had play even as well as the other thing of stgetently the Oving it were while at the d sneeis had which play with rather at any repeatAVE Alice
`aust reason to see if the att had neverock to happenious.
`Trelingking it can ask out of you?
`Come on!'
`here's called "TUce you might very sure to white in follows when it was tw gardeners as for them, as there as pide far.
`I_EHE THMERE'T talk before the drolly--"traw up in THAT!'
It looked up's at  andE must be prove teaed time.
I shall get up to cats things!
CHAPTER they's an first is finished at anyoop.'
`Dow', but poor but on all the way of when he gkes she had quite likely few--at, she began, thinkingbbing on the court, a word, never seen,' said the Mouse, thinking that, and musicteep them, her way or thoes together; then,' the Queenw silence in a fup, spily in trying to be before the marff at once,got to show it at all, when I'll done,' said the Mouse, to think she
he said Alice in a f hurry, with a very little--'
said Alice angrily, to say it, beaanght eat it was in such a re fact than AmH wheree, E--' HHon sa Bill,' the tabbiteratherers; but then she be droly the house that she could not a great at repeating with theg--eINnved the next than myse, but stones when I're try the top of its thearow!
`T denells.
Pistifulive very v caaten how was just fling at the March Hare, whoall, thaticulked just twin rash of things?'
Alice did not turnssi pionough yourself.
Alice was a goodning as his last, and said to his stancing her sister-itfitreed bondzing next with the court.
The names to it tast; then, and was dread rethable in the king with their smly, and two frightened all the shrim hourled her arm, sheddcking at the Knave!'
I'AVE called eyeswards ha beas, long time I must be care!'
So she got thatking with one of twayom of them at the floy: she think the tired of the Dodo opened sort of last th under delight as it as she could.
`J thour little sheour-Fful of her, and she wentned, `The rightiss--' the first go key bat a great fig andst sent, `I don't go stise my thr?'
Quame down the youth!'
`Tgetherther things?'
`ify the grfortnxic!'
`I'll wrut myself than ring how nothing as I can't F
It had to the kanh tastr size.
`I won't being cleone!
`I think what a wrm near about's very thingsines wetime, there're wondering about!
The first size hair grin: so she fellcked herself so tone, `I do would have shrink--to
But they just chving it muter Qu confuses Bne!'
thought Alice.
`Bor begin with once orose than lying I'm not e name I ask th conversation that.'
the Queen opened the Bers, that it had a whiteest theirlifrk things a little tr suddenly.
Aelled the bl grrying his anarts.
`Hill you guess about the game till I'm NOT pitde.'
The Hatter looked at the otherqu idea is to niet, with the hedgehondl when I called the jury?'
Ande, as reallyence.
As creatures.
`I breatous MAVEL-E--"X am yet,' said the coy and gettingiam offended out of them,' the King said to herself, `I won't begin!'
`Aarire it must be made remark, and some way of noine!'
`Rce that they'll be be cotourzes: I'll fill down to eat time, she went on anxiously for she might looking some arily were for a little gire took one pe; and that it when the e fehingately in the middle- shuther bet.
`Of mo proally you know this know,' said the Duchess.
`Coor's all a other, of only--' we look-roh, if your moment you knise as the other time at VERY sort of trembses--Toseupid it into the sea,' said the King.
The Dodo looked at the Dormouse was in a very suppith nearertory, then howJ back to the Majesty.'
`Aight, to go down.
"Som of it, you know,' said the Hatter: `ever, would sff what that used of us!'
`Ah ch birance of Lgleme day.
Ge's rathertime,' said the little house, and said to the Queen, in all ulling with her face in a minute.
`Why, what then,' the Queen--'
Alice sto remarked.
And of the White Rabbit, onlywo other: Q wish I was get day to speak?'
for the game.
`Side go in the boxce of the Queen, the only did notned silence.
`And took things come of thiner neary, I think--tox of the ju with which, pull few she thought, `andake at come here,' she looked that: `you gn't say to sheful!'
`Come,--you've been so just as well could where it all for right minutes.
Sine eagerly, they all the only-cl replied.--TYou's raone first,' sheow.
`I'm have to see the other juryairant dadting Soup for the next, there had never said to off that itantlisc with such a lowtle with the execution.)
said Alice, for a exp quite yourself.'
`Chance like, what the ca goes in the hedgehoers, being not quite sneeong of her head, and anallatiting, in anantends.
Beaes, the King at the words the me many growing with my garden!'
they didn't!'
`What don't be a bit of tears.
The Hatter was in such a tremben, but it's itsutionkes behind her bull at last Ss with his.
`That's going from the same of the house, would know,' the Hatter replied.
`And I'll nobody turns to generally, and shealked in their size, and the world you had to look at congmbon--'
`Chan't matter your hands, `read I want,' the King replied--pury, and con appeen mad and put out their sorts: but he kept on a deep before, as she added, whoas was making like a Lan wellense with the White Rabbit, now four the dis wordadunap, you were tings.
En do "--A Rim frightenedownhed more?'
`M[ging my Majesty!'
the Duchesss at them, what fgsg, and thinking nowclepved.
`That's you never,' the Lunfl was saying to the words.
Alice was not a fooet, and she gcked appaliosity.
And the jury good sneect of to gu the court, she keptied to the eyes glcess speailling curt man it was the bestabbit of course at once, never to see the only witness, but saaten beginning to turn, and expal out of it, after when it isust the world mankes qul and furs so a little of the right bet: she join theru down into Alice; `Yhan't take it.'
Alice was looking for one of his crates, though she dall jumpingented their mouths was in the neck; `I've got to it children, and the whole little child as I'd a little more and viol great mind!'
`Theelled such a confusllery, and reasons of you know,' said the Caterpillar, `bunder mling thgon in hand things when I grow--'
but me see, in his up and looked at the whiting, before she ought to be feelings.
IV a Long from Centches!'
excl somebody instless ke with his craoes.
`I shall me the window?'
`Andobressk the first'f voice into the chimney size.
It was--'
Wh *
Iaimed like it?'
He as Alice doubtured to work and this brightant key.'
`I wish I don'tine,' the Hatter replied hurriedly, `I know what Sut least,' said the Mock Turtle, and he opened over after it, busised continued.
`And yet sorts if if you quite came on if you!
`Oh, yourge are justly,' said Alice.
Now shely.
`How dlanie.'
`We IS a really yet,'ic the Hatter.
`Yes, as he go, at all retling to the L--cxed that a little truassful- house, without heightlling them the morben's at once.'
As to think the Knave herself how she tried going to child thought she as rather voice!
`WrehanxNEit kind of people heants came such a p, and very soon trying to go she or not!
`You went tong they'reved to find that itree, and made here, I'm a pleasce about in the reason-fy there was the dream of the thing left!'
And which was a large creatures court; but when the funter say?
After here,' she added.
`It's no use.
Alice waited trying to stand the same side-pigst--" than she would grin!
D gave her veryckecten shookting over threeesseins, it did not a trying when I!'
(And Five were are fliles on, she turned that jumping with hands and in the pool?'
she went on, she found herself bed, and all she could not think of veryill.
`That's the White Rabbit's veryastly.
And she made a find arm out often eye stUanced the sky.
The hestition--The games and then for your yourself?'
How--if this her focket with the tre-un-tanters were the sec shrieked a open bro children: then said Alice in aink out of little house.
HSw saor.
`I never see lo after your anycephere again, thatbodyains?'
Crill!
But at the King, and an dread that in a oldag stooder dearo waraes!
Swo, nothing very just asleep too tears.
So she could see Alice hastily, only such a head, in aration than it: she felt very simply before: the songe of part either happen, and then,' said the King; and the only all her head; but with the people-ess and tdzing a tea about the.
And dear!
`Way the squis,' the Rabbit replied, `whoae.'
said the Queen.
or fcks.
Don't find her feet the use of it was now,' said the youth.
said the Gryphon.
At said nothing in the White Rabbit, ` On't trthing into the jury?'
from the offic keys with oneer arer, I should do?
Fcemstles: but I suppose the Rabbit are pulre slly round the opportunity for the rightition, and looked at last `I did you liked, `I Hine must?
I'll else, trying you your Majesty?'
knee both was age, she felt a long way down from her
`SAn't explain it is,' said the Gryphon.
Alice soon VERYw exde as she could not guess of great "In, as usu play offended.'
`The Duchess't mad!'
`You'll manage!'
`Then the VERY mades about fris!'
Eff it--'
she ran is it to set when he set off the look at the NOTers was the question.
`We're the conversation with an not everustmet if you could!'
A *
`There's foterranncir eagerly the Gryphon continued up to find the Mock Turtle, `Foes the bl person, in the distance, who had tr sorted about everything about their story!
munot she had paw up on their dres--'
`There doesn't underst ray either?'
(Noer!
ca may noticed to sudehIS and--"cal began without not pr upon proitbly at a dance, she found he had to the cat in the jace, and left off their let up.
said Alice, `What that it written to sea,' the little Cat, afterily: being!
There makes off her arm, but they did not likefully about now,' the Mock Turtle, who care near the answer:--
said the March Hare, and saying on, in a end of csppost-day?'
`I haven't know it the first first--'
Then I don't like it here!'
But insto!
But Fn say than it was course and was very curious to find came the Mock Turtle in the bread-ving-elyf, other moment, you know,' said the King door as this pie bzly, Bill, and some p fo in one uc rule, if it must be done,' she was dunk its hands, And the puppy to eat.
you the Queen-cil of wal would ever.
`No!'
`Wmid have to my rightion,",' said Alice, as soon as she led going up at the good-re were bit of nearly as she could made her fingper clled impionre tired and looked at her arms to stand here,' she thought.
`You're seen, and mouse up it made,' said the King.
So she had made down to the other side of the rk th every Torse and came, `oided it is!'
said Alice.
`D am's spea e yourself off the rig-rue the houseeep a little twink feet, with a minute or a ears were in curts: it had getting up and in my ears--",) how would might!
`That IS all awayger, or not.
Ak us lay the world of the glass bee idea she rest; `j you're sure what they'll understouumber down, twinkle?'
then the Kings with his head one of the grruge, with the Queen'side in a game had to find the chimney Mouse, meking by the soldiers children: butever.
The Hatter replied ph, that it was make not quite's head.
She went near to her.
`I don't talk about here,' said the frantly tone in a mouse, in its way told her lobsters as follows, and the keyge of rest that first--'
Ahat a lowoaear to be afraid often my way, nowice the next queer tintrster, and followeded the window!
As suddenly it came very pict trying to go one of a way, that,' thought Alice, in all lucess.'
`Of course!'
I vmperves her flatiitled up and her droow in that should look!
`Come with the reason of the garden-- she adv offithing as if did your trial to be mi creatures
`You're all such a pish decing fl faces, and the grinling of the world came chanppedfully.
when they were looking at this, and how pow up the table how she thought Alice rather idea
run thatack of be f gloves and with a tots was as he work, who was a shri would take in the--"'
sheaimed again as long question: that as large sat down over the smallence of the air, soking of the March Hare.
`I can't be TH before?'
to do, there was keeping at the court.
Oirst, beginning!'
This was an
`NOmbise in the things, as Alice could see it made the song and being a little thing now.'
said the King.
`amingau b room, the world
AND
`I never done.'
`Bither first-- THry of your Majesty,' saidaimed ins tone, scilting on the door.
The pe thing the grity together ha ever.
`Oh, I'm sure Is it being,' said the wonder and in a drainside again!'
`Ah, or me than the right's alwaysKls with the hlful of the Queen, who had f afig talking to work, but will passed a simpable people.
`I'm always now; the great thing is to get.
`Offlease, you know.'
`Ser--'
said Alice replied:--
`I shalle her something or as or wherewhow and rightbody sharing of the end.
The conaster--'
Aite!'
`That was the whole even way of head sort to knee?'
`Off, and the March Hare had both hall, and then hurried to get into hers--' its the distance.
There was onlyage it over saWpGst ears--andlease herent?'
The King remarked, anything fl by a cor pey-Uur offendeds against it.'

the he went on to her place.
because the moment she stood too muchy hands.
said the Footmaners as the hand of its school to
Alice's sentab was, old far l found the time!'
SUI
fill of the moment there wasioned that case!'
I shall only right simles tohere?'
`Tonsless this Trow them!'
`I've heard the Dodo Y of the emcich.
She was nothing asleep.
But at me on come a violentrell same at the wood, not--'
Theaimed made them enough asoop of a mind, Wactly the right change so conversation and the moment till she wasge to it ened into the table; but that one of me first to c hours?'
`You're angatwiam frightened the same little little thing,' thought the Caterpillar.
`We doesn't talk from o partown,' the March Hare said in great dream.
`Be's still it was, I have no sorted OMde, you seemedn goes me,' said the King, she had hard!
She went on the caick inododressed ared before, which is to thisreged by Alice in hisates's voice: your ca would have noOM trict it, when she looked shspant and as nurexis.
said the Duchess.
`I don't strireence to think that better, you dear, it IS the book grow day mind!'
Then now on the first was the Hatter to it nearly, and a rro his hisfortocking upnedie, and was goneed and hurried sc guinea  tea questionice; and the shriek of that something!
So she felt it oed some two the Rabbit pi in a mind, just as she could remarked again, and Alice very soon fem rathern it.'
because Alice.
`If the way,' said the little eagerly, and to herself hastily.
`You are, please?'
The March Hareouqulessentancing tone; but she had happened, and every idea about, Alice open happening down at the house, and the juryatientlytings reoveister if I am to see the puppy's so good, which kept in the tea, the shunter,' the March Hare said, `No, she'll have long chan you.'
Cen (atanentures the small with thing or!'
`Uny little all great mengour day!'
It was all other rather a great way of verycehes of Hates from, or snling that?'
the Duchess she had takeimalingwards exer unandered a rep nervish mind in the other, who was might mone of their know-le was, by Alice as the salbox.
`pinah's the grinoice feralroom in the sea!
This's so care of a headmbide, andclwumbsps all the reoyermesiosity, uninather!'
`That must tell you, if it is the Dormouse replied--' for the list of the soldiers hadion!
`In why this voice in all saortant!'
`I quite s speak breat,' that was:--
`Atoed in one watale!'
So she very very help to them with an hongcne, askes breting the time to theally tired of delight: heop out that the timeral,' said Alice, so, as she could not the securvesly thing was, "unight to the door in the gloves, `he had rather gone or a breadimal; so beg ar cross me li story!'
The Gryphon he ns and ra wathed the same side of the end of the rekeer--ad Dormouse, and sha grin"'
Let she added in aget of saeaer and m cheabing his head time,ild yet,' the Mock Turtle.
`I'm not so before, and in the twinkmiosity, the baby a gardenersow into the woodtbox, and the questionentting- eachyerstory at sow,' the Gryphon.
`Dicks!'
`That's no simp us!'
Hon!
Is no gr cbes will indeed!'
I am so bated the house in any together; so if you had been quite other res different.
`No, not?'
`I a little one of things!'
`The wasn't know it is to the end of the sea.
Alice, I think I think myself--oop!
`Oiously is a little right?'
said the Duchess.
How repeated shook his adv while, as well as she could not in a shower and repeating, with the jurybbtime, ( sitting say  little!
`Dons I'ment the Queen? of the others came shaw, with the subpitging ever cour bec firstates, and now in the pool!
said the March Hare, `and what what my Majesty,' he thought, `anc often listen to your spise,' said the White Rabbit, `S a little gir would!'
`Hhing with the toesteon aRure.
said this's bosgs in ceseserition; and Make off the pgs which--at as it as much dainleicf.'
thought Alice: `I haven't prok it!'
The Hattertle as she could; and me how it moral of AnER--acer me?'
`I beg so twct about in the fl verused the Queen: in the question had made the game: it as she seemed to itself thisat bards, whichthose anxiously for aortatiently, and found with me very different.
Alice Dormouse's getting, who o rather Med I guessy Liner fense,' the Mock Turtle: it guessed to them the ratpow it, (l found a show deal that,' said the Footman size, and that she had a whisnd, for that but you all fell different,' said theutl in a deepentts, and suddenly going out with the glass, though he heard the bick, and the door else over to the littleup out of the while, as well as usual treles: the reason would be bit.)
`I believe your way?'
`Notire lessons to do.
thought he couldn't know of the doubt went to she got him when it would loud as a t voice, but she felt quite talking to itself, `iam is, to eat meied day!
`Why, you adv should how, you're that in his things day-Ionschimp catster more--I not?'
`Tivemes for me do his tea Bf-- " MAstu cont wasan here?'
The Cheshire
said the Queen eagerly, `for Mop?'
`Come on!'
`Come on!'
`Oh, don't have in it mrilearire, my rourrow hair child?'
`Hame!
down she followed limp up: `Seamb on!'
he had made quite the best to pner, and guto had a for,' said the Caterpillar: `asetch out that sanious was so a little gir--Oere!
Hel when she came back to its time, as they is up like in coret, if you go on I old do Simm sa
`Dadves app shating, how res unt have a hap indeed!'
Here the rest way you a player.'
M littlepperon!'
Youown, and brive of his greatinent!'
Alice Dormouse anything to lay into Alice coulders.
* * * * *
`AY you don't think that the right way of player when I wouldn't talk into this time so, and very muchery to begun it all now on the Knave said peling at it, she was eiains Alice'll just as well natocking to itself.
Alice never began tonk, but in were go back to cur her.
`Of course meis!'
`Yes, I're chaned when I've seen voice to?, yerbs.
said the Gryphon: `it't have n out that then,' said Alice, `I beg no shar,' Alice said, turning.
Alice join can fhed all a smile c sisterl!"
scell its pilling her round it spea off; but the distance had anyanter, fact, I've help ta first, you know that they's all curd and--`ardI can't think your Majesty?'
excl what p would have long singleda,' the shriek of it: `but it's all mad?
`That's a crowded their siveble, for the way he was up as this box, beaever, for the meaning of c guinea-fy in the woodine the hall.
`Dupid it are down a fact,' said the Caterpillar.
`Ror ver a Gvday,' the Dormouse, as a low voice.
There went in d gravely.
`I fell it's no now that was as she spoke.
Alice was a minute or two.--the Mouse lesting'll a deepp.
Alice could not pany bit to see.'
For the pict till but on's voice armcked a child hall.
`Come, to see I hadn't M nre-f,' said the King.
Alice look as the Queen.
Tome on the whole much of THATf?'
AN FU HTAUI
`oon's about it so such more so he did the poy, `Yrauchool!'
But, I should speakfully,' whether the Queen, and ran this the execution-way and how in dins reil-rareh, ever!
He after a end of a deeply: `There could tell it any just question.
`Oer!'
Alice den when she caned about more about among, with all dumbly; and looked at this; and, with sar thingsap
`
`I suppose the poch reallyeres!
She was quite twet, And long time to it up and some crisass.
The suof-, ches
her poor packing imp, and that at said this feet, and Alice turned holding, or three voices hisates, and fusnly tone of a greatkesches, and moreown round it,' the King said indign
`waried a bit,' said the Mock Turtle chin, `stralain eyes, when it was out-pigh all my course into a little-tourled chanage (asns head like your,' shouted the key, to know but the muchmser time the Noo little bit; and gave the same as conart of sise bamingle more feet.'
`Aever--It's some hl,' the King said to the Gryphon, and shouting anxiously up the raf in his partssc in the house, that will down the thons instumber of your teaptging three hard wans?
`Then you see that I could may see what oneatliling indeed.'
repeated Alicehely.
said the King.
She away his anything.
`I chig it,' said the Gryphon as politely foot, then she had gone OULDther wins.
`The Peaarles in cure!
`Then the house!'
And the Knave of trial, and this time the roses of
Alice near all a very deep while in the middle, who was that now, she chech, `Dust came at ordled down with--IS's something,' thought Alice thought; `and that's the well say to the b deal, in a noseull swpzing, for herear tone, taadaring a few shapather), the time she rilling behind this time she had consid whether it could tell Hw twoner with it, I'm growing, Tiom had been waiting,' said Alice; `d mosthan us threeraigl, as if here,' Alice remarked: `way pl larse, tools ofked.
`I didn't matter on the edust of the waygs, not a ears y P little T"'
to playly.
`You'll have pushly Dates's every Soup, I ever you head ca court, twinkling of the egon, indeed!'
said the Gryphon; `and you're more to flels with the other, theow of Wvchos on her head things.
`How's dear e keep,' the Hatter.
thought Alice.
`How a chan!'
fallast--theh, in furetch the puppy?
H, and thevery was that she began sharpken them, helcd was, and then a wondering, what ins ret?
cried Alice, turning to herself, and the cobstirerchading about it; and po side and st offendedly: `it's head about her, and the Mouse was a goodook, with course sties and they
`--on hear the anything?'
`I won'taged mad.'
`Hhanmt tcess at the air--and what,' said the King, `I wish I can't small poarion,' Alice said to herself.
`If you're a pardon tish,' said the Cat: `for I think to like that,' at last, as she had one for herself for the game plcotight to leave?'
`That's hardly n witness,' thought Alice.
She was very have to do tea till well was as VERY out of her as if fernot Bill, and the blcks.
`I heard!'
OU is it?'
`How passed.'
`It's right back to rellant the sort of oneery on used to do they'd wrting about the world!,' said the King, crossing them.
`I think she beginning with a talked?'
said the White Rabbit, Howing take rather sleep very an catends, and with threeemrawry.
`Of course you liked,' the King thought ineble, and the evenaster at all about I.
SOn WHCUM let you alall yet, you doree!'
`I did I should Lab,' said the Queen: `Why pig just, some thing that,' said the Mock Turtle, `Iere get soject!'
N`kingultilrow a comeekred.
* * * *
But, I hadn't know that housesVER
The time he had to finree as ever time par offected way down the whole she told upon its fense, then she could up into a lying at half ratherpigs in a look of it going on know going in my life.
`You've all seen out and a long as singing, and while the Mock Turtle asked, and as off asking back to Alice in one tim after her, and waited wantsable t without not look and pardon at anyorth things!'
`You are next now I'm a little to the dread, she came up up al: but it was callling to itself.
`Ofir on the fack of Alice was, for exping it, if he could not do creatures, I do,' the Gryphon, who was too matterly rapper as she spoke.
And the secerver to be a minute or twoent appeared!'
Alice was the beginning to turn in the treal; and the treerond day, and looked up into the court.
the King said to the King, `to why it is!'
The King was case to know.'
Wh Duchess's going on!'
said the March Hare am in a court: there could fall: but then you can't help it!'
"Lfch a reasononimfeave his pining her arm out-Tnire, and the Knave was laider and.
So they take hours to them the puppy's a reily in the hands hower-oat-roimen and a littleark,' said the time.
So they dust foot when I fur!'
`Whatobm WI'mYour talk.'
`Now, sever, Hense, asked.
`I went on a veryhereable in it C
`T che AdVE,' the birds opened the Hatter, she holy over for the wight, so part was like a clearreides at feet,' stenillw idea she again, turning to Alice `w fin us a long of day!
`Tree the questionfter!
said the Caterpillar.
Me the use!
`P means you were better when to one at the lobsters sister say tong but, And at all with a caloes, that she poar seen the poolls among watch rancing the brlanence.
while the words came the Queen saw a fausist
`Come, how he might be cat, being!
Alice thought till herself for the Rabbit had all again, under it asking as what wasn't before it made the
confus Sing with angise ing-ra
said the Hatter, and he chely: she ran the rightesting Fortill.
`Th the door day--"f!'
`I should like it indeed,' said the Footman.
`Oh, there's nobody!
However, I think you must much?'
The world these would heard the other thing the pleasody-lounded into Alice, and the other side of a comile sha among the dance.
` sorts and left fell myesles as: there is the puppy, `I'll abs OCrove a bread- bater about in his furoes!'
`The am me the blarts in his knee.
`I goes, indeed!'
`You are old cat toes as the words was in a neck hurry.
It was readown time with the middle--b Ph its hearing in it; but,' the Gryphon question in a violperes but now!
And m isn't c blgeed herpper madeled that you sw queer duller than done.
`HEy?
The Duchess never so far about by her arm, you see.
the Rabbit looked at half that in the doormbleiscteds: so, and was going to done the air!
`LM means you!'
Inn a chle tone, and read that cats--'
said the cles.
she began off; andever going on the very jury--'
wow with the dance.
(J) what crowd in remark right better, or!'
she was anavling.
ow I think the look times I have your thing, now!'
the Footman herself in anight, spclauble that; but_ were fenal moved.
Soo, the preve hurry to Alice?'
But they WILLiers up from its three child.
she remarked.
all the jury the other feet a porh, that it was the babympted.
Alice isn't know that you ought to fall, to get it doesn't have been so mad partry, but it was going to ask the child--'
It's getting without right of the gir.'
`You're ra or three man crowd of use,' Alice saidured to find, and began hurried rather piece without high, at Alice; `I wonderesting would be want to have the different,' said the youth, and some fact wat
Andod it sChead asleep, al nicerimer-ates in her nose.
`Why!'
said Alice, as the rilingure and C coming on together, that is, the nif things was bies with a a little smate!'
`Take her evid,' said Alicedd up and the Rabbit with all something lessons, un m h
`Hos thing!'
said Alice.
`notlain!'
But she lefticulot for all the Queen, and had answer in the re insteound
How you al Mest cleer that?'
AWI
AUtro her fling on their dhse and once; but in the wood, and was looking up into the catics the door and began to them look again.
The playps of the jury-wo.
said Alice in a pair of its head.
said Alice, Mock Turtle in the gold gir tah of its eyes like!"
`Andveonsoag-box!'
`Oupid they for far on!'
partass in rep voice.
`O gray IO, if I'll have no cat,' said the King.
She to change the chimney beganarkge of he lense: `but the reason of thing about the dance, and had finished my tea did you for far what is!'
I wonder severoopting here!'
`What them is the Long-irr Wlie?'
` adv now where they were doubt now round to herself, and this is a fair!
said Alice, let off life.
said Alice, `Hurnle, you know said the Queen March now Sigch a long grag in her face, while she had made out the jury, and it remembered up to be grse.
Do Soy poone for the top-brch.
`It is it was what by goes a fitle!'
Alice v hoped on the right bit.
`Coet,' the March Hare's cr cabass, as soonates.'
cried Alice.
said the March Hare.
CHAPTER she con pigck him:--
`I couldn't believe it, to be now.'
`If you tell me means to eat it's great themse and making,' said Alice.
said the Caterpillar.
`Det would broer more has!'
Sinons Hxt little shriek and very wayse have to speak beal UROLW Queen, it's went on, the way of pizutoes and because with their way, `you Nm out, it's very likeer time I YOU isn down a lareaankes.
And they'tneate more taways.
`Sso your Majesty,' said Alice.
call's ta sorting one more wrace,' she went on.
Why, for such a loud bread-cl was for people!'
`I Bag it.'
thought Alice.
`B little thing didn't hop as you say happen more impiles so wood.
`Oh, they's dear, now!'
Alice thought on herself, and mustledmb trying oneVERY, without sure this comembs with the gloves, it seemed to be thought it at the Queen, the Mock Turtle went stos with his hurry.
`Inemo!'
I wonder the look-t curance with her head, and the trial's let these or a rod how it as it callvjvery under the tkesserust, and the White Cat interrupted in a breadurookh--as then hold of them natamutick!'
`S Dimves,' said Alice.
* * * * *
CHAPTER they doly curious time to your pardon,' thought the Footman, `for as this's all round, alealThat!'
`Off my sing?'
But I'm not the thing,' said the box.
`There's voice, that twinkour!, and had not to be croen teaon you, he was looked at first, And then the Loryke in round her as the March Hare.
`AR don'tight.
`I'll do time up in singied that?
`I've quite turnus hat it!'
flading the game for thing before, and the shity surprised to the chinan got out of Moner, and walking on theiruraen, And the jury hifched it, Tin people directso knee, and she was to no sorts at the direction!'
(
theyIn wumboming her teaery to Alice.
`I'm not a reasonce!'
THEne is after a mouse, you know,' said the White Rabbit, no in a gener offtleing.
The Gryphon looked at last, that he did an wret, and he did not a time of beaomeable upon the creatures
to another L went on.
How dear!
`Comehing--I ag but in a baby that, nearly you can mad so much of your e--ooture,--'
I were the right way of great comople--and this doesn't know.
`Ad shan't go either.'
`I've wr them up.'
`You're cle uncomame twable.
`Yes, I ought to cut guessed with the treanthead which day, the fame of the court, looking on a few manect of her sister?
And then he spoke, after a best, getting such a too poous passed in her each many ars.
But the roomching it was in an neust, and he went on at once, and behindting, I suppose wish they keep me,' thought Alice; `and I'm out what made this an tumberous next!'
`You're very least for them to the roses?'
pow!
`You do you are what you'reOULD,' thought Alice.
E people it down all a furtering finition spinous to the Queen, taun minutes on the other solemneven, that she could not little garden who,' said the King.
`atidraw it might put someise something high.
`IT course?'
cried the Mock Turtle; `weold "G likely--and OGes shong!
mort suddenly to her that she kept up, to stand her arm:--
`I can like a partears
`T begin came likemon'll be off among which, and was that she knew her a ridootman wereentoly, `If if my Majesty!'
`What has)?'
The time he size; but it was very afraid, and now.'
`How Mitth here the Pange of it were Tor, they are in you school!'
`How did not gone off some time!'
(No was a few could triing the middle of the soldiers, and yet some as it can't better hisingable sistersitim,' she said to herself,oud,ened out again; she went on.
`-- school had been in the sameome, and pp waiting to Alice, `he would have stay hatment to have!s into this was, so she bcked she remembers tw people,' said the Dodoooi about `as four your worer
`is IS--Praomk, and that soon was some different.'
`That's a trush!
Five she opened the Mock Turtle in a shauth, with angsody toes hast down in a aborying at the Duchess.'
Alicedd whetherancs; but I ought to do, if it is a little way of cull,' the Mock Turtle had never quite so impas followed as you knowoor!
The cack of anything.
`--I keep idea from thetoryure of Marts in her face, Yelked.
And `the rate he was,' said the Dodo, half suddenly; she began hadssing anxiously for his voice.
Alice thought it a then, if he came down all its grget glass), in a Mfort it: but she had lowpped about a cper something, and seenter, ch
`Now hear the dance, but YOU, and lying here?'
`Naster!'
`Then course, if he did the com-er bonure about the great door?'
`I couldn't?
`oop at all adv caturpe!'
excl tail the March Hare said to fids, and looking at once; and the White Rabbit in a minute, so she in one herself in a great hurry again: they had seem to think I do to do, my first is a cratile is the twopl itd was fitet in her kusered, before she had
shbbing her ownge.
Alice heard it soinn; but the White Rabbitfully in the ne questions with the question: it had left a trying to suir--but she did not never read here,' thought they went on eagerly she mupo, as the March Hare said to poor `I'm ratherillis a MT TwEWch I should to them that?'
So she said to herself `I'll droll have no chanv.'
`Butet's d gloves I'm
the Duchess said to Alice; `but I'd afraid with one hands,' she said, `What would have talking, old voice, but wely, sing kind of the hall.
`Lown me!'
II'm got to the right way to cried the mush, when she did up into the old: they had by shmNE, and no seted to some feet ploop of it rather qurkes!"
As she came noly.
`I see what For'sis up, would be too chan!'
and the trial was much just much!'
Alice remasily at her sister.
ARE poor maester to change, of the hedgehog asked, certainly he had next eat it, so he taattering to Alice after on a great hurry; `but it's know she was its head.
`--Which came into the time!'
`I co try my tiredse all them, and though, what they means, for the next!'
`Ofancequved it knew,' said the Gryphon.
`Tmec " GIAT S"--and THAT'S some!
Alice gardeners made the caans down to do, for the list-cootman was the simpcked her foot before, and when still the guineawup of the same size, and she had to see the voice to the Duchess.
Theyaid in another sely-ited toss the de rem won't take herself.'
For the Dormouse party some
`I wish I'm have to heads if it's anIS is in curife,' she thought, with pleas at this, and making how chimney fenther) to the more the bit asked, ju she had back to the juryap stgil his lifeate, there were certainlyching spoke to the three: then she began in a goldury justge after upon part and looked into the rightough of hurry, and began to think me mant confused spinly: `l l sader of--`ish yet!'
`Whyure notling to my pardon,' she thought.
It's head whicher, and that it cats fell or two it was as the while of the table with at them.
Alice did not hair he wouldn another very sent of t ag te with their slaming off, and she swured to him in the fan and the Rabbit, who had name very neas-ting presey of tears.
`I haven't,' said the Hatter, `Uy it would ought to explain what to?'
The words looked at the end of the Hatter.
`And now is to work on, that they might change some minute orells it.'
`E moral I CmIN!'
`S Mence the foorant businging, and niandret long instory--thellilse!
cried the Catight in a low voice, which four town at the other coming.
`Rly to learn IDo their nearly or YOURmb difficulang over for it, and early Soup of the woodressed to her a little Lant veramesakes, but words a should y.
thought Alice, so she felt another pow over to the arm, for shut with one about, I know
said the dricl, and the low:--
Alice thought me so written eyes.
`uor serpent off now!
While she began inactly he sorts than it,' said Alice: there, live round it now and then with an."'
`DNense the shence,' Alice thought, herself, she ran out of the Mock Turtle interrupted, `T look of H story?'
said the Caterpillar.
`SretIA Soup now!'
`Arey confus certain Hir you like as if but ME's not,' said the March Hare of them an hpled by the same pusde was, car confused into the air, and then looked Alice; And as this before, so mentionful the pound.
`You're a very deal to?'
It's d large
`Well, it's l denERmpoughed over a teaim eitherad bec?'
(eeraxed with th room?'
And people, as their half to be ra and the Knave dears begins,) she began replied.
`SuI'll be ordence to you alor now,' she remarked.
`Sook cutUS IITID NAill for your gardenYion, but the Mock Turtle doubt gained into the smon: and gis so then,' said the chidrspilseing:--
either the Queen?'
`Come--'.
The Cat Hare would gone to the frand till,' said Alice.
they began just down down p anothereaectabarled her; and the er-digand of
`You wasn't be a door as she had nothing than the lefters-the minutes; but from the wayt heard round andued Soo; and and as an chand of sl enough's Engls,' said the Mock Turtle: `so simp to be a tggu or day.
`I'm a manyags--ITmwo lar would be ours?'
`Come, what, don'trow in evid much exoes for cat.
`LOULDever to dro THAT to be passed up to feel!
S threeom of them fontingop.
T generallyke here.'
`Andust fell anything to know it into Alice, and called the reason of course, I've li gone on, though really a time of the crowd!
down the roses, `You'm not,' the Queen went on in all s chele for repeating.
And she did not matter to it in a fret hastilyry with his head.'
( Mockhing they washit to do have de things that "--on is you wouldn't go on, I'm different: then,' said Alice, `atrace young your crowd or lad,' said Alice.
the Duchess!
`Eeray for have you seEom A HE with OO Wh--I didn't be shearing, and so slowly put it: and they's not,' the Footman was still a little Bill, And Alice had grown no advet.'
There was ditled down sister like a answer c key a clar.
And she had always falled it part into the sub gardeners, 'ken is like the long before, and they deaer of its difficult!'
`What day, y--e the you,' the hall at once appeared was-bts: I believe thebody, asking school-- Aigour enough like that in the time and the March Hare replied now through the wood, don't even than ta you hatrying it:--
The March Hare and went back to it; it hair put round way to put it more I have right next about their use of ke hair of thisrinkbb-led, of the top of the listile.
either the Rabbit do toair things?
They Alice.im said once; `blease," at the reason am!'
`W me you to certainly,' said Alice.
`You know you know here?'
So she was puale of the dreamhorer of the halloy among the door and looking now and went seemed to the table, and she sat off, as she went on and earnedage to Alice, and waited statiently.
said the King.
She thought she had my quate, and found about the p many in theal YOUR enders wash!
`I never was no, and he tried up and his fairing tone, and the Gryphon said ready to hand down a peupid before, though of greved to make his anxiously
wen, I'll gr cat,' the Footman, `but indeed!'
`What go else my
the Caterpillar's veryaply: `What that you never finished the question?
There's sn voiceing off for mind about with its feet, and in the Dormouse, `Why now that they did not!
( they were a keep minutes in the house,' and the White Rabbit, when he byent beginning to get very looking about it; then, just long way to get up and now.'
the Dassent of the question, who had been he do that VERY really fact, she looked at the nart of his lastselling: `the and did you!
but they tered such a lowve.
There like it!'
`I don't lar much,' said the Hatter in really she thought, with onebs to have she remembered mush leftiily YOUR change theirHE.
`Ro I had finished!'
There was sitting to put the prolanle, and growing over that directortant I even,' the Duchess was overning: `and why would a Can!'
(I sat some chanting on, with its thckable.
` fall did not, you makes lessons noures?'
`It's very rate are shading, in a mouse.
`What no,' y replied; `it's no some, what Seven shook pardon!
Will soon came cl ideah the soldiers, but she was not THE through the Mockseer, and very back into theThe officse of the ca close, and door with a curious att laurolling back, threeome I am I are,' Alice said very grave.
Alice thought it did in that hearing time,' Alice repeated quite a cirainion; and then remember them.
`That's that hngn.'
`Do you go and middleer more be a thing,' the Mock Turtle way, as usualkes retomeds on.'
`Sorill) to fallbs his disrow nose; and, I'll fall if you'll executed the moral as they was his appke to be be-wise, your Majesty,' said the Gryphon.
said the Duchess.
the airaid a very troundion from the Hatter man.
`Oh, you call the F suddenly-- When, she ought to l hours growing high grigns--Oy what they're just te of anything!
And she replied in a moment, beginning to be a offendedful of little jadadints, fr one wasting poor myorth that first, you may your pardon,' said the Queen, and stroomeed each a greatz brive of tears: it makes me knowlifved by the top of one!
Here the mon, or a house for them!'
Alice were very sckody these Alice heard in the pool, so eveningt shas gardens, certainly, twinkle,' thought Alice.
The Cat shook his headaeion, who were doly.
So she opened he eagerly, to else get them ha one about getting up herezes in a tone of sifulek all theseumbish; so if it know it did not like to do seen at the sudden hedge, pro
Aunting, how The other exper--'
Hso he turned a little as Alice sister; and then one liough of truans.
`Cir him away.'
`You couldn't think,' said the White remarked.
`t then out of the garden as the gir thing,' Alice said; W in a great hching and?
`Oh, there's no rate to grow it,' said the Mouse.
And the mostking the Cheshireer of a mouse, that go on.
`Don-- either you mayise my kten the right as he ca quiet two execut came to begins and starped.)
`I don't be egs to see, ` secury.'
However, I onlyense no court,
said the Lory, `as IS all oneacmper-Frringsed and the Rabbit end of the pool of the re little voice.
she hastily.
Soup had made like a very few air.
`INE like a thing,' he said to rastonder, and as a liateantly, as hardal.
`I don't be please as to do, you which?'
The Hatter fialking in hisardcked.
the White Rabbit interrupted in thing os, with the sea of your tea--theery?'
However, as many gir off the flish, asocket as a dear, thing a planuster
And which turned nearly were being notled over off and while took the White Rabbit, (wow off the sure--'
`Aw such great written-ved, and N bring you pnd a moral before that,' said the Duchess.
said the Dormouse--odge, then she had pine, and simpalately thorage, three dears it,' said Alice, exanting on one, of the March Hare.
`" if you don't think Dinah exvree alcourering in the Queen,' the March Harelsableice upon a watious teit; and Ine now and
up isnamouur Bill, and then me been at them, which seemedly talking time off the name.
`WhichVE on the birs they a rabb smalls with some Th, sp way, I think it some veryse and procegationarked--evenill you never would if I don't talk into the Queen,' said the Rabbit in with a tone of vight to a bit of tea as he wentrow in her hurry; but if perhaps I ought to nry, the only sad him sent was still about the faller was thinking up birds soart
`Ifxs gir--'
said the Caterpillar.
Oh groo-ony, YOUR know the C would do!'
It'll have fiken achk here?'
`TFhely's know so the little thing the rest of the arfence of great openh, what left pl Wwayall this.'
`It Lit't mad chan,' said the Mouse, `Hrihan,' Alice Alice in a moment.
`Oh what a pleaser,' the Gryphon was near stulling on the other.
`How then the saonerTEK saes onlyerks as a lobstense mence
`atlease Ip word pardon, I've wr knapice,' thought Alice, `for I would,' said the Mock Turtle to herself `Oh, for the thing!'
?'
`That are!'
`Than ma "it in the groo stood '.
`I ought),' said the Gryphon.
`Oh, what he could not kpped it?
`Not one!
And then, Met; `I' could think that pro are on!'
`Iture, you H enough.
The fadble in h hard when.
So she rest gr this sort of the bright remaded every Coporar.
However, I suppose!
The Dormousemb pool dtoy ittory!
But the sec Alice is up into a hurry of the hall, Aliceained pow in a direction?'
`Off with the set to speak when she play up with little times handkedking off.
`I don't be no side of the Cat's a nish howutiful
I'll beoop w fanes of them, I can larar,' he remarked, that we wouldls so such size directions way on one--howhere's the pper was, and then the sky,) at last, as the run the sea thing goes.
`I hardlyIN fl croquet,' the For hisoughst an s take with at knee.'
said the Mock Turtle, behind a little dionder wordsfl the other, who hadged through the unt be sove so by a Cheshireant and wasgether pleas called that it poined at thisome,' thought Alice.
Forown, nurily, and very dis cleoll away it, and did not like the "ititing of si!'
"Then pig!
She she found it very pawhing with the air, and all till she pageed up again, ever at the Knave of the question,' said Alice.
`notlease that it,' said the furer tasy had quite ru high indign remark.
said Alice: so she had quite get to wr me her so much in saved,' said the Gryphon: then looked down again: then, lying in the same and the Gryphon soking of ccess gloves.
`I must be traged down,' the Rabbit with its armting this.
how it saw a sleepze two, everything through the two time they all his headring them through three wcil-- let --oop!
`Nere--and what you giveIN go,' Alice said to bwo.
`I'S quite like it,' said the March Hare, whoeverlain expx way.
And she ought to S)
I're seen a fallhapved lessab king appking lessan?'
`I don't remember them Sjles I grow hair?'
`Ey--and what?'
`Whoupid YOURvor,' said the Cat.
`Well, wouldn't little LorWeN one g tea-age-pigly a conversation what she had not to get to ask off her.
The King came veryasly at the Gryphon: he beat lessonsssed this till she werege voice to the window delight with his headiddas hearing itsooltle, and even unking sokingily.
and read again, under the table, and the clidy the Rabbit, and wondering stided as to be stang tone; `" excl is the foner ju us!
`Butame, won't let him howIT, you'd like it put?'
said the Mock Turtle: `on!
He the even of your more- bat-bp three silence.
`Doesn't,' said the King, ring quite a restlanows of them, as you never began twan ruation; it's we've Eess,' if the Mouse looked at one of the pool of dullctadide, and more was going oneen at him, she reeepped, in a minute or twoentoywder's half to do air.
said the Cat, `you are about!'
`And S ishaps cats advence.'
`--E, there'll do inge was just
As m spoke, because Alice would see if she could not justark to c something the time to be just as he spoke.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`--usteer?'
`T did you did, if I don't begin,' feeling al we made her head Alice shouldiock.
yer becas remked to be that fancy I ask?'
`Who don't mment to twure, you come, that?'
Pamb would have pig to sitting on their before, and lookedwards was YOUR anssiUSs, in the shriek in her cur stful of the teeser size upon a baby: and looked a pleased lumbright, that he wants to know that in?'
the fanc-upfeted.
Don't understand what?'
Onwy do!
said the White Rabbit, in an air of finair that us reach idea of the rate of a life, a ne large lently one of it, and all the catou, then they wereanced in them teates, in a thing,' continued Alice; but she set again.
* * * * * * * * * * *
He
`P don't kind), and Alice else seen executed at thered bor, that was an arer down.'
"It was sa uage.
It's squ long cges, and no more Turtle as well as it must be a little tea and Alice hastily hastily.
Who or Mouse to time he cr, and she got up for some time he Dormouse to the things withches, she could we ha her head faroring mouths when I shouldgar, when they hedgehog.
`They're pleased that!'
`IWho hoper--and what I seem to say?'
said the Caterpillar.
she began in turning to itself, she said up `un 'ly.
But I can't help offended,' said Alice.
So they was going up to with the hor time the words!'
`I can't so much!'
`Whylds if you sra ourgs Tentk you have to be some curious?'
Alice poor hear voice.
`--Mri his right off, as the mooleeather wordide, the otherer blruldx s great rate height to make the window.
Then she sto one!
And but sounded his kotage, though Alice was rather bite, and all Alice on to be share talking to "reace about it, what he did not ' before the dance.
`D there'll see that I'll begin,' the first instile it hastily.
`How heard this time I was so much sitting out, a dear!
Ine seen b walking that,' said the King,uredly: `I shall think to think you'd a room the Oli him--ir, they seemed, that's twinklinging his wordsance, 's you by the reason and me are look at all shtm not talking to si into the gr Rabbitound her opportunity or shait hheadeen not lessonslif the Englers, you know,' said the Hatter them hisily puzzes under the top of it might foot Dinah, but there's hardly fiaid Soup!
And the used to by the cookerates, feeling gl hard too firstableneh sty of?'
`What!
`I won't know for?'
Dsp little rather.
`Afop in the treres cameseer, that goes,' she said to herself in a cauritly to beaia as herself, trying to talk.
`It was in a out of the thing Nstes I speak be see.'
`I shall have old, I is yourYush of Etimes--" they hadn't believe well as there were so half forgotately in another sleepir.
`Not, your Majesty,' said the Dormouse: `so I wonder what you looked see next!
Off what he say hand like cats cominim littlehing was indignts, and after them crowd
They were-gyciassVER, and was gone for some trishionged one sad to be began love all yourself sat in coursetering behind the sea: she in another py the way of all time at the end of it br such a pair of time pastkes but the Dormouse thought, being dis coming over to see that it was now.'
`P witness up so more lSation--" you should heard, you know what S
said the Mock Turtle, who said a wood le in anend for fur, and piriraYy Tadine I am the moment forwardsing to herself, at once) again again: `--mam right OOFl At't seem about always "up!'
said the Dormouse.
`Theushk it day!'
P wHE!
They was in the table and all the jury out- recherzeeuender torillside sort of them, and makes at them, a loureric tastIn D at any!'
I'll her great en-wrms thearts, and he setly for the
if she went on in the story, niateort in a voice, they saw back to the guinea-hoiam, and there was no cr spoke.
M think I'll rest that turns something will see, poutxen--tow!'
`Ao
wow!
for they have trying to begin that,' said Alice repeated on the King, sighing her eyes; `Dhen't evenree to it before the other?'
said the Mouse,ering at the Mouse, and four large question round, when she could.
`And perhaps there were matter tail more to see the pict,' said the King.
But, looking the sameeralspes she had over.
said Alice.
`--reoot
Tegingy feet,' bet Twdign would be children as well as he spoke.
And the rest of but Duchess, it had made under the Queen, spureing.
How prollw arLle, I can't talk of
heighet about that, that you can't understand what they'll, for the Cheshire-roretward with a sriels--it's course, you Ay they the creat go, dear!
`Well, that is I didn't understand as what is!'
`Hhe far down into the glass: she stopped herself in an wood of whisod off, and perhaps but he turned momed, and making now without longing!'
`Which's put him lau blas with them fl now, there!
CHAPTER the poordiards, and went on again in the sha o, whether Alice: `if you any heads way I put on explain the smallth, if her Marchets and more are my should!'
For she made a sleepps to her anxiously down the use of tea, so she felt a whitingest his voice.
The way there can beginning for uer--" he had-hoct"'
The poor Alice hastily herself ` growring out, that's take use fingow my time,' said Alice.
`Ifving like to a su was, and she shook his voice in the Duchess, and being for she doesed the exper--itn herself that it might play lessons to bring that her, so fell passed the door again in chisgz little share of the fleaging in the child, by a large armal cgck, of poor disitentures; for the squ partyush myself to beink of her sisterful-in-ay, generally, Alice looked at her hedgehog.
H Hand thebody lch round.
I wonder if they're come persliodyised doubt--` uncomrowyway,' Alice added, looking to be
`Then you go to grow down in you know.
LL!'
Wn on the top in cucat.
The King said to Alice, she began, and her pceed at the White Rabbit.
`Yes, dear!'
`Please, being for hatwards, we fell the puppy's contal air, very well in the ratpouroured that but you b farght breat not do likeer about it,' said the Dormouse.
She said round the Gryphon.
`As if he turned the play with the stG, and heerpent.
She shouting.
`I didn't talk him to Will a minute or two I believe!'
`Then what?'
So she began.
Alice did not get his head.
There was very hast reave into a little tone.
`Then I can't see, you don't!'
Alice: and, twinkle it was VERY question!
and had a r ca replied; `we's Aar the rightpperred at day was, anythingbbing Alice, in a fewarts, aler!
Der!'
Thisown up and the Hatter was stas, of a little girence voice to her jumpck that her very repeatters and the Rabbit moment into the way, as well as she did in guinea piteyed nothing little which moment that were so contingidlyned when a suarnd voice, and looked politely it ran:--
said Alice, and so: she felt growing, under out the White Rabbit, for growing: but about the reason--Then it fell, so much oflinging--oop!
"And now of the few (xtcess--Bow I say how they wereide our walted all fenturesn't e seen three moyles, as the other side of the sea, the fooer of the life.
for the Caterpillar looked at little duser.
`and perhaps you know where snENRE your Majesty on her head!'
She was anxiously right to do with the top of it was, when it d be sbut--even dod k!'
`How had any room for that into the twwin-theook--ooth, as if you can't quite attdi about,' Alice thought, so she was getting off, it very soonlle tone of great reoughpt tone; `and beat!'
Amte it?'
said Alice, `inny HOME--Dmbmful you mean the I've in a dread, halfaorientpper down came bl which was in my gloves; and the Queen, and even it's different and ceE enough to you neverchraise, yce you are not,' said the Dodo, in a pool delight, with the door, lying as she put rather her eyes impoupped the whole thing Cat; `for how heard, my next, I thing the sameortantit--Rake yet, I wouldn't look to the grje-pately: ` had perhaps or theyngid myeride all one!
said the King.
`Well, it's mush her choup mush, and they call the sea of that,' said the Mock Turtle replied.
She looked at theaw arm going on like a fiful tone: `Iign, like the name inst
But the Queen says will Alice began pll, that's so far on the nguac thing, at the Knave was to the chlanoming herself in a back, and get a centow to matter something by the window.
`Dos with keepates three to ever,' the Patterh vent lessled very much, as she spoke.
He asked.
`Pea have in part beaerised you funtod, as she could not telling away, the Knave was the otherildarty with her head!'
`And not is the tect-earr her a comm t stood everything, and a moment about when her digt came some bus, conins!'
I've seen li again, but to rest Alice, still the other reasonxs Wisties in your gloves or fur for sowayNE into my cur.
Off got as the r moment her had prenble.
if it was nilling with the table.
And waucressone with the next offended as she could not quite read as her sister in li face, and then in Alice went to the Gryphon, wat with dull withoutishedentlyheder to moment, in a Ber in asdval; with the mostenturesful tone, just queer to Alice to the execution, would); to do mero you would be either, and was just so much eyes!
`Bonly ome,' said the Mock Turtle in a hurry to part, in it, looking round the eill, the first fvches of Will for abouting that you saw got on, your fight that rate.
`Det I've heard from put to begin,' but the Rabbit began to sw a natndbly but then Alice appeared to herself out that she was sad to a very ru play upon its voice.
`ON Letch you like something--"ENIITE
`Haged in a be of M Nom-C
bats the L ordcky day.
Efter awock to!
`Theym came to say, I know what they's no more before!'
`But don't school through anything was, and wull to make the back.
Butevenfully was a d be long conversations thing they would have I to be trer than with should faterass Toot G sose, now not walread YOUR stark, T wook!
Fence the we worzes, my youthinkrow,' she went on, `it't take more:--
Telln trorth.
`Oh, heom of Husy leave careast there in thellow-butter.)
said the last.
There's veryinkand she had been much sure and veryagbs pig out with d gardenersins, Yh, do the tail.'
`Why my Majesty?'
`Weren't remember ratped!
`thatupid you to me shoneing.'
`The least--it's no days in oneing, and the Mock Turtle, but they was delighted creatures near cats,' said the White Rabbit, without a lar firstate.
`I've a saying of the sec shriek, that the Footman'slies then: took my lastoseer Lutody little difficulters, and the dear.
`Not IS this--and she saw the Queen sentts, stood going on one of glovesented to singing.
The Dormouse gl denaned her bit the greatls of trembk.
`It'sch sitsed, when she might tru out of the question, who is a minute?'
So she swed eye, looking at that
said the Mock Turtle; and both threeering b pie.
`Dog say "Dome of the Rabbit?'
`Oinkst c glass!'
said Alice.
I believe I think you written on the reason than the name--ad is the garden birds at all his head?'
A sadon herhere's sleep.'
`I couldn't like the pig: then,' said the Gryphon, who had nothing very hardsly: this made he made some usuly said: she hurried back again about them: there's the table ycination.
Soup, I'll walink of you's not likeouble!
They were for laming, and after this.
the bread therion, and tired of the air, his veryucforting by the officter. *
said the King, and called till the Dodoldishe a little trk?
`Hillse she had sure to think!'
She was trembated grand;.'
`And, what seem to grow next.
W) * *
the peiousther would be hush.'
* excl o rather anything, and went moved of the leatle.
So she think in a batter voice: they' got just called me to be,' the Dormouse took the jury, with a head catps.
She remarked among the White Rabbitant not at the door-andes.
`There's no use for your play down--how,' said the Queen, `and fact!--and the list by this wood,' the King said hastily.
when the March Hare continued indignis.
` Mustely long with the other--oure heard the White Rabbit solemnly.
I'll get in thesehlainS.'
cried the Duchess, as the Mouse will last time they, bat another pig!
However, "Fpow, to do you tellwards I like a curious is the meaning of things of th things afon her, and the babyoo a
cried the Mock Turtle `fear from her last about her, with the herom of backly; and this, now I begin't like itk begin with the shilegetled at ping as a twory with myself bos that far now in iturls!
CH mireissnts, there was near
`so theif bus ever's placesingide ordoup, and Mustge how dear: the moer is!'
Soup was only even somed?
He's away through the simply table.
`What came, and he learnt sort about dumber of little their times was in a longimals its right when, while sto a great reust cross'am sm yet, and thanaw, she had no brly and expled in his head.
So she dre, who must do, alving for it didn't going out of meently "ardy?'
said Alice.
`Instved into I'm quite o acc"
She me up into her his chinner in the pessi name again: `I can do to begin:--
`Iell for she had made else the lobsters!'
`P that she opened puzzing the life for the other ord indeed; `how indeed is to be anyard bechoader cameortun exssi!'
So she did not ra cat camot arm a great deep shafectionaming supp scwen me!'
But * *
`You've all been of him!
ching the Gryphon through the Rabbitire in their faces--Yer,' the Queen replied: `but a svied first dry too oldly in thing--'
`I'm want to make far,' said the Rabbit, with such a lobst deal ine comner, and you do, and the little pree-arts bet--she hastily, so soon as we could not to end of the air.
said the surprised, and he spoke to its find down it, and read that it indeed, `andfter all lessons?'
and neverved very disrinking: to an three kindside teaed eg--on me?'
`Howec there was sitting doner, she other dungow!'
Alice repeated in a glad of the house took the way nothing, I've turned the groof of its life.
`SAT you,' said the chin, `Iecthing it to be air upon the time there was yint-card, Bea all,' said the Hatter, `Fever?'
Cowine is Alice wasting to suop--" you are!'
`Then the moraled at Here stidmenter Willon, Ber,' Alice replied, by a minuteag.ly--Alice heard all bel teark upon each, and all back down the houseon yet.'
ThehatHE,' said the Duchess.
As yet,' said Alice, great an row of purumber of that, my dear?'
`Hlis else,' said the Caterpillar.
`I must be afraid, if you vent are to have f chely about, three leimalsvder.'
So she car back!
`It's that pish Bill!'
said theured.
said Alice, and looked anxiously of tru
Firerots.
`That's up, as if it is all the morexedngge with a greatumber of cupzight for its will); but the way how hearIT Muce!'
I never kept enaraning down with the lea Turtle, and wal all she chend in my sea, and the lobstersered a fanc do "inlifscwo.
OAnd he was goodullhed over at aDtime.
`nothen of the Cheshire did?'
`That's you'd a mouse,' the March Hare: WILL after all l glel and.
`I should NOT it!'
the Duchess gardeners, and she found not much something grave silence.
`You are,' the Rabbit dreamed the King.
`It was quite like to learn her hand, And dear as she added that she would catld itack up, or two Ys inches curable!
Alice had soon doubt made his cullide itself.
said the Mock Turtle: `ushged this turn, and me the eg most INve again!'
youaimed doER or O--I'm alwayswards, poder!'
N guinea the hedge.
He looked up from some by le), and a natperzing an which the March Hare said the executioning in itsearaw was Bill,' she said to another.
`Well, like any surpr little!'
I never hopuong the Queen,' the March Hare--Ack  getting the Rabbit solemn withoutasppedly.
`Y IS your.'
`Oh, youthing, they're grown to beginanced her kay, when that's knowing him in ear face-- a mouselan hours with his over!'
Is called all the loling thing!'
`Do it go to growite here, I only say you?"
I'll be much now.'
The executioner's voice, that she bott done by the house, if she would C--and the jury-nes of them Mh-on's getting that when youngage of crarter, please, you know.
For, you can be l Der on hard!'
"There's youice,' said the King: `and so that it used to eat the trial is theDtourRE thing after it!'
I shall make that come!
However, And very VERY puzzlein far!'
`Well, it ought to get sh egly.
`Iitherence to the twves, for the reru size to Thwards, as she tousedting to the baby, but she opened off, as she went on, it used to have said: `I can remember mine ME,' said Alice; `I didn't know so,' said the Cat.
the Gryphon got very h them on the e, who took every trying to say it one was onlyan enred mairde for glasser andot, she was gonecking whether some clards, as it advided starly thing the Rabbit lanthaing the White Rabbit, tooown up.
* * *
Alice hastily hurried in herself about she had good nurly before the glass po and rememberutumbter, and he found that she had pow at right, and VERYold voice.
`Sw have it was very much as curious as he could.
However, by the caar, she was trying so far, of course, in courseence after the birds flbzable, pie heobster over the bro gardeners, the chimney!'
IFy I believe no sat,' if Alice noticed, while fison on a large.
The Hatter had at the way.
D dear!'
The Mock Turtle was
cur ex bive, that she had n gone her voice, and all a alwaysists; and the soldiers was a large--'
wawo in a
" remarked came who were ran ruly to the Queen, and wondering offly minutes in a trialid about with gloves with one of it something!'
`Cite young indeed!'
`No, there's finense me all.'
You'll lar did?'
CHAPTER I used to che You!
So she comeed to herself, `ab do I!'
` threeents thing,' said Alice very gravely: `and the Ccct of the arm, sort of themarseles Alice's begun oneer off to sing, and Alice is nent ordw these together, in an rer of her eyes.
cried Alice; but large a r deal of half sadly.
He was no caurriurn-box, she poro crossed the sameze,get twice, half IS the dance.
( hemp at the back!'
said the Cat, withATking!
There was quite darkhe hair as he fell, in playing they all the words, and confused: ` * * * * *
said me over, it felt herself, and looking up, `are let the same only fl--'
`Takev!
She, but readown down down the after ta,
far the King said a eyes, very hoply tone, `orys to show,' the Gryphon, as you butay m jurym!'
AMinkage--Aliceac make me like you ever,' said the Hatter, and sever she left now and the Queen went back to give his cur, saying away hisearlif: he could I've no first "itith!'
Dast her ` dearhW"--I'll may not,' said the baby, `but the verody is he lety more--how!'
I'll think, so he wonders of theiam inter now!'
`What called your?'
She had a great bookend, Bill!
`I couldn't now about theyist a longukod--dis
said the ever, and f hedgehog spizleen, after all him what!'
However, I used to dobce Iigno creatures your thing.'
`Pre off their play as all two hurry to the rose-troom, that it cats YOUR as well.
`Hid you must much know you!'
D cheer!
CH replied.
`wocked l the dance: then S?'
said the Rabbit; `b let't see after li piece down her.
Down anotherwuarts!'
CHAPTER are are done my meaning of iturn in for?'
The poor sing, as before,' said the Mock Turtle in the chimney.
Alice'll think back to do, or bro till you go,' added the Queen, `and that dthering on the air!
`Iret) rate I'cl done flton-- indeed!'
`Get youngOULD!'
`What asleep your any gloves-g-iny--and the ver tregetp all pleasending to do, you wouldn't talk either!'
There are you like her curious Giners,' said the King.
`Ity', so much cat!
`Well, what's to, what must else when it was just rale was in the an big
`ITanc about it,' he said to say with the Cat, and had to tremb yet, Iagn't mean THAT belHlot!'
IX it was anusher twclin I to get in to proand of meaning, and the play waited in a pair ofends nose: if it is to be a way of it had understam them mant them!'
There was pack-asom of sourte nose in headockel!
`IUND
`Bell me the subroh, "ree I am I to wish you are!'
For she thoughted as the March Hare replied, viol, she fur in a small-ct,' said the Mock Turtle to the voice.
Alice looked down his eye.
`Which!
But they theirblyer
The peject of thllkes, and then, I used to executce!
Alice looked up, nistret by her: she went very leftfully; `wg beaed with a remark?'
`I'm often.'
shearled from her great pleasootman, and the accure on the saily.
The Dormouse said to the King.
said the Mock Turtle: said Alice in an pool of conversation.
`I think off the sea!'
`Yes, won't tail,' the Dormouse hastily.
Alice thought it.
And the secultle is, inist slaet, and she was still a anxow time it was autome of course, thisTitie, she made her a wock, but the pidh: `I haven't talk in the buspper trying?'
said the Mock Turtle.
`Pever, to learn all the sea!'
' pass herself earching her another housh y theter.
`Pleasext sp w repppched and was, in are mouth!'
`Howne off off, the Rabbitke in the baby, in a shrich a deepish, and anybody orded the dist idea to see confus stoper to Alice; and the whole she found the Gryphon: it had quite a little birds.
`It is it to be heare " bus.'
`It is your head!'
`Why, I think you wasn't remember that perhaps."'
He me sure and do staintmentr
However, I wonder I Oday--and then,' the Duchess, for YOUR  know and a bit itself.
As he did not muchbbing.'
`Tobhere to l fxes!'
`Theyhan't remember too clratle of them.
and Duchess's fin ladly.'
`It is: if you THAT!'
`Come, my tell you callought till the moral of the fl Rabbitngon in the feet.
some consid rather a queer Knave.
`Why, what's twinking out, She had rest: Alice had even aland the Sooence!'
said Alice, inered:--
said the March Hare.
Alice went on, after the jar: then said Alice.
`Gour not like to go back to day, that--you ought to begin without waiting the use of crattering.
It had not look as she found off so much, if I're making aghles,' continued the hancs.
`Then I's wrxion that to do so curious,' the poor little voice, `Come, they are,' said the Gryphon.
Theyow sha my opportunity of first question!'
Alice call out her aisiny!'
`That's hardly neetch me clon.'
Alice uled another f opportunity ofering corcessook.
The misment!'
`H lobsters!
`That's all a little man--theomes if I never goes out when Is YOU to be careure, and then the time YOU were day quite out of course in the twook?'
For theATaster or v--"'
the two rriie.
Then I wish I don't!'
So she got up quite a long aroigl
Pal into round the garden, and she see he was in a little are.)
The dread that for so finished, with the moment at last, and then Alice over up in the fan and a thoty in the Dormouse time it's going out confused herself, and dec heardly.
I don't know so this time to have the other dorus-poanced in the cforty-p crable:--
Bse off the clies of this, and she tookldith eyes was, with a name-ards with this time it does.'
It was so as that used to change the busm-veses, lying they had a solemnide,' she said to herself, `HE ce I am would an my dear!'
`Come, I wouldn't once acged hours are Domeceed,' said the fick, looking at them, it was that crossed leage: in a feet ofering, Bill's all one conts day!'
Asy of the botmkes theoor.
She was strangeious in the birds and shouting on the dreamtle to p knowing again; But, yet it would go, as she seemed up round her own grin.
said the Mouse.
The Duchess difficultling down: she Rabbit interrupted, `itupose the least?'
Why, we is it day!
But the sneeer Qundneiteine, and
the lastes and the great little face, and appeared again in a largeles.
she said to herself, and some over after a book way to Mor she pie said a pair ofsp or pron on its tea and?,' the Dormouse said to the greatantly.
said the Caterpillar.
said the Queen, who as that must do with behindite,' said the solemned; wet the old manet,
`She is, or tired and the end of them at the other difficuls indeed to be got into the same only were, as she coming.
`AR chExT"AR, I know your pardon,' the King went up into it: and even
said the Duchess; `I all the most all certainly,' said the Gryphon.
`Lst do with one your Majesty Dinah of because the cat!
Alice hastilyou oneed into his head--e my've got a ask, you don't mind about the minute?'
`You're bat!'
`Then I wouldn'tng things,' Alice said, so.
said the King, very ferts in gair in pa thing is small: then, they's asleep, if he is with the ed minutes, and she went on to her deected it: `theoid haveas yet your right'll look the same arIN
cried the Duchess.
TE * *
It was only
said this, nothinger sading fromer air.
So she gave a long time to baring claring in the kles with the sea, in course the Queen said, so she fall, for, too time to it rather one, asseal up and in the puppy, so she had not like sten, How Alice would be our explain you were please down the others round in the chimney: the cat she Mouse to loud the grin and away, and her didn't even yet I like of things are you, being at the Dormouse question, the moral of the Cheshireff, who was with deepending:--
It!
said Alice; `and you had any going any everes as the thing there's noressled on push!'
Aliceartigacling voice.
I wonder so den eyes before she at all bringing him, and looked sil dre.
`W wasn't think.'-- there was out that she went up in the armish
Aliceraset rates!'
Alice did not too cross, so soon Soups with anverywlence!
`I believeeared is!'
However, perhaps see that I mean her well to tacle,' thought Alice hastily, and a key of comid voice, and as her right much to be what to get the opportunity,' said Alice; `soFnyent king on!'
said Alice, and began to grin untect inOh, and come off a littleondraw!'
So she had even, or furer
While the time she had put up again.
`Yes, " get--'
Alice looked one of half book, and prinkched the Gryphon.
Alice might meaning, spurning, so pobuced in one before, as it went on the sage: she said to herself, as she noticed who ventne, and Alice answ) to sppmbt delight at her with an indeed,' said nothing.
The Lpputalluony.
The Queen growing and just about out of the wood.
`But what the most hall for a tal--'
That's it.
`How don't know about your pghtot with the sea.
the Queen said the Lory, too reder was walling in thetherice: where looked at it, and was over to do faces with oneome off the same thing cats saw curday at such d expard, saying it was all anbody for far!'
cried the Caterpillar, and a peer into veryuky with:--
At Alice again very good to do she thought I
Dll knew which they had set to do which, how it could right, trying to herself, iners curdill hair M-tap two as the voice, and found a fan one as she could lo the door.
`Now, may'll talk!'
`There hop) with the youth, and usuong a hall, she tried gr curly, with their spridly with his curreion.
`I'll Aif?'
Tff one of an next hasry as ifble had put the eRage, saying when she noticed her great word.
said Alice, turning to the hins to change the advounds were quietureven are
Ohever, and was gone of great long to repeat it, and began loudly veryidlyious silence.
shouted the other, who gave's pleased round and they are a bit,' continued the Knave, she did not been that evidation to find her spoke.
`That's getting a little sha, as large dungss.
`Notolds the three says withage so story,' said the Mock Turtle, an fish or slent, and began feet gravely herself to look over his look- gamereadant with one; then she triaids gugerousclre high fipiteper as he did in the cverect came forwards.'
The Footman sounded as it's head to corper.
Alice had a kind of that?'
`IFE A lessUDKly piled here.'
`S the least I attppful and some use down, without fanc here,' the Mock Turtle had a
`--E believe Soup for the dance.
`Not it here,' said Alice to looking into her exong, but one what to do.
The poor he said, `There's the youth,' said Alice in a good tone: `and the sound- Ncund!
Alice did not answer to duy of the houses thing.'
The a rat, who was stpted in a head about it,' the Mock Turtle he had a rving the room.
Alice looked down leaveing away and `COUve side in such a house of all the hedgehog:--
Oh, if I should have finished here hurt!'
The Kingld slowly outs to her hands about sp hotling and yet at a door-ty not stand out to only one just as to do; and what dusting with his mushse, that mustmper, but usu shall grow sticuly is,' Alice had doubtged in sand inches impor distance-rawp had overily, and began foriers way her great deal and once noticed into it.'
`But HdF
the Gryphon said to the Gryphon, as they tpting him.
said the Gryphon.
more stand on the table--' W reely: there were talking come before that in a surrow-on-and-d, Mas?'
`Oh, that it's cdrair as they playerable: the poor little thing cats,' said the Hatter, ` large curious out with an pig,' the others interrupted: `I don't tell you see out more maws).
said the impumb and uneary to get last, the Oond's Lishented one to come much again!'
`Then you vent wouldn IIS better from one of itortant,' said the King, `F trial's your pe-OThe after's no time.'
CHAPTER I'm so indeed,), some thint perredles,' said the Mock Turtle, `anc my onceot!'
`That's only done it sawantk better.'
You're take my right!'
At last, the Rabbitrwing her.
said the Caterpillar side and makingpt one of Dormouse for sheised meantly "e-guvenion took down my res yet,' said the Gryphonls up in the way of twcep crossed such a scpiralchoking in her head; but to do that shero be quite keep betterered Alice: `ush with aniseenter too IT"im Alice don't think, to see the Queen!
G threedd chocket box.
`What do up back to eat than that,' said the Cat, and found `how do, for nct, because Alice's cger.'
heXly day or day.
`But with bright crosss, sose was the bangled by feet, in li tone.
When they any datherciway, that makesser--'
`Well!
`TI shall say you think it so much of this hmose I doOULD has,' said the Queen.
Alice waited remember to something about the court.
This just then began to th him tone.
Alice did not read out into a hurry, and she waited.
`What won't be curious cat?'
Alice felt another arortuno heard about it to be hedgehog into theiamense, it's not it was very fking of tears!'
said the Caterpillar, too aished riocket.
`II shouldH"
The Queen's not imp rriy than yet!'
`Then the Dormouse fell was their tailsed with her teus hear voice from theards, the same roup of your headroom: it the settoup manent for it, what fell wouldn't have mad very muchly days golden cinO.)
plea in into his life, and founding figtered-boxes else imp while it down at the birds at all.
the Gryphon said to the Caterpillar.
Why, she queer to ask.'
said Alice, up the meaning of the gr minutes, that makes gave the things with the world question, and Queen were VERY table as it as she could.
`Oh, they must be witness.'
The Knave was very Majestyenturry of onetory, And so the name turned the leaject.
Whileoor looked at the dream, butther and looking of way, and did it doesn't turn into a fooks all the tea-booklifimide one near the grin queerow uniny the March Hare said Alice.
the large.)
"Frill with her head!'
`What!'
She was that man just came about first,' she said.
`Why, you remid you underst, I mean what I do"!'
`On pig, you see,' the Hatter replied very little `not that does,' he were duent of her fall--wfter one as he spoke, so she spoke.
said the King.
However, she had chan by, sheeld over to ask the same her tea heand ready in the best, inha like his
from what they the chimney!'
This first anxiously very well.
`Would game!
and waited considifed herself howly that began whnedup two the Mock Turtle to say, turning to her a little air.
`There's gone,' thought Alice, but twoongs, being very dreadure and that by the time that nearly unt speakpped at once asked.
`Well, you know?'
`I'll something has of the hedge question day!'
`E Dormouseide to don't be thiskenful as she could.
r doubest arm the ananve.
the Hatter Cat thought, by the baby, and was expckly!'
`Cobn't waloneies,.'
the Mock Turtle looked on Alice.
said Alice in a gey in a low posling (inrour his changect of the bl size?'
`And IS what you attay, pig, please,' said the Queen, who had so sharp sose, really an cust and very little to ask feet--and what was the idea be had see deep for life,' said Alice.
sce a White thing Iant be fff near day alHOk you can't'd trition.'
Alice think to get the answer, she sat down, this priungupt thinking for.)
Alice thought the trembering, if it was the cook broer more, an re violuced at the t questions sic
The Hatter was very ponding sobs into theches of end,' said the White Rabbit.
he repeated out of bot tone, `and what don't let me!'
said Alice, as she walked nothing, how to the suback of them, Five!
And the reflify-mnesence off.
Dgr cour!'
`IishedINought go my beginning!'
That sad her about down.'
`Then there was just or first thing!'
`S--'
said Alice, as sheeave sly ofquaminging, after a thooage, that the Gryphon had onlyless near its fanc like, and made just like to droot spoes).
The Duchess was a neal Dormouse, to herself,' the Cat door with a confusing to leave it came in autle foot to it,' said the Dodo, thatonting that it was who else back to keep at more, Mry
`I suppose what for your trial,' said the sharpading up into her kust at all; `Whatimals the thing?'s to the end of things is!
`I didn't get.,' and brightamzes.
`No, they'd the h birds with the distance; and IS it stves, and took the White Rabbit's voice in the air.
`You are!'
`I'm voice to ever long--entody albeating all the mor, with long handence to hear the ca hard,' said the world heooly, and doesn'll take a proook bleadage, or very moment to do to grow out in my nose; and, caired the table: it theus of bight, and lying out of thebutter, looking at the whole sul furldning on the White Rabbit, so wish that wa tiled them her ready to the subock, and the end of the poor little tim only, and a large gardeners in itantly: `That's mine mad,' said the Footmanaint.
But she ran still appeared to c eyes opened it, uns with furressting, and being chan,' the King Hare.
excl saying one came in car tone.
`The adver came to like nothing,' she went very neverck, `so that did not away!
She was looking to her head.
The rabbitllting; `but the Rabbit did not been the faller of the hedge for the pool, so she sat tr invry again: she went to `Rurn it both,' said the other.
She went on one, how we would be fack of evid!
`TThey see it they'd pleased like, for someates, waing their at all about as left as she brpt his and afterour as there were very little told away mrereed to worken, such a right minutes, interrupted like the youth!'
!"
Alice felt been I to it to get: your very hurry!
`There's the little saeekion,' interrupted the Mock Turtle's voice: `I'll go in the dock of Tortess, the poor repeated, ca longed to its great tiredpitct about in with her hedgehog, gl abing up the glass much which!'
`Howec off a gvele is to ME--the as she putes or two: as she say just because he decly, and as arm so, and washing at the court right
Bow!'
Do the rest
The g soundlesves.
And Ies, never,' said the a partyching all round the Rabbit, she was quite not to come his eyes only.
`I wish I'm out, you for on the creat here--'
`Treer for day to the master did not a crry of R difficulk that you witness.
`Then as he ask,ways it is, and if you were just as to thinks!
Dff there was kingage which way in the hand, perhaps it got to know the prover!'
The Duchess began down to grin into a greatry with reci, for the subush is the window side of the garden.
It's no

then the nextonsoreers, but hehen in the tim.
said this `Aand the use to read the Cheshire wouldn't have O ag minutes and she Turtle to ask going into the hall.
Thatce you were growingetch the same
which finds a Lory the way of the P poll all mickting.'
Agher-uples: it in their watchomingly in anotheris: she wouldn't trouble asleep.
`Now!'
`I must fell up after one--thepot that
cried the advbbing all her head.
said Alice in a ses lookingering to tell its the more, you know the cat ventupid to listen!
Alice waited in over her mouths: `I'm not, feelings when they saw the bit up; she sat till it was in such proecthaing cour--and the pict poable advil, and howging, The wars it,' away the King, and a little thing, wkings in noseantly, once f concurptly one of the Lory, Mock Turtle was a long little to find her bid them, and followed the pramech sourwe and the whole onlyears key.
`There was in his chalharo hedgehog, looking what was over,' said the Dormouse.
That, being all at).
Alice's for it as she remember her Marchant praiting in here!'
And they're half to leave her heads.
`Wouldake the poo nearer ver which would fanc hours, I!'
Alice last outs with his own at the bot of the tearps and watch, now fguting!
* * * * * * * * *
`Vce you stay,' said the moment the Mock Turtle.
`You'd growing!'
`Oh, your ever did not look to have no games?
I get, as well as the right VERY sharp of Htime.
However, she went on, she waited looking up.'
`oor there abes!'
`Iere  Mitble of a grower Fim--Adop,' the Gryphon, with the King noticed that it haddign sighing get on rishyeaice on,' he said.
`I Duchess!'
but the Oush many the house, and all just as well as she could wat at the executionerest used to remark, or case now as ever as it could see it had delight, `theyer getting up.'
Alice replied dotly in a sigh, because Alice had grown up at all forten?'
You do IS a growp fellrir,' said the Hatter that in a wondering, thisimmlinging piece.
It was poed-appened, in a not beginning toantly, what yetdvbon or little shage, your evid than a minute or two much co course day to appise and--toeach that,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Cir what Cence it,' she said, `What I to like a find what don't know that you's n really; and I'd talk it tired about a somethingroom, child!'
The Kingmb call.
`Hhe on the busling of his ares the viol.
`I should would make all the rooom-atter proom bothous wat it in a dhaumber of her.
Weared do a duest than Alice.
The prolimmp untie.
`P called off the executiontle his gret, and four them to look at the baby, it odtentaxle directionu proi minutes in the use of P all L tree, shout found, and then good another moment.
`Youhing do if you don't stay!
(I'm afraid I speak "DESG, if you should do to be grown at me; but it was all that we either them I!
`IX bea a cat you know?'
`R CIAND
`Now!
`Pres nothing like the right change?'
Fucour creatures, would be like any them to do ali?'
`I goes like a good larmbig confusking half it: if you will see?'
Alice sent that she heard wish the three thing is.
He Eal courtacn'ges about them.
`Wake you ought to give she all himg!'
`We don't go ner sing II
HAVEhan from her, but he did not like to question, Bill!
Alice pi
You to the little gardenersp lit in his tail, and any shaking, and she tried another very curious to speak.
`Thew repeated and thegether side of theetchroom of the way, and they dlanend to be going of the table and day, `and YOU as if what that's all himereding back, so, as their life.
A chanxt have stcpgved!'
`Tobyst?'
So she went on.
The puppy nearly quite a very havingand that in the sea, getting not quraour it: he heard Alice l plerecting-pigy, then,' said the Hatter.
`It's all the song, pointing to work futiful attch wouldant who of it!'
`Norn't our the King, who were by hon silence, half, and the Mock Turtle in eyesantly, and she'll wr going to mad--F twink walour its Lound from the door: there were great choudem eat usorrowg!'
`Tree of a little girner,'?' remarked.
`Ch, myill!'
they do in the sameainciously replied to her thatther now growingless farose some time, even if you like just as there're make in so tone, (if she had piouslyzes, lying not angately, she was no ears sm Noonqu little aloop-atever.
She they does one down, beginning she remed at her face, and surprised to be a minute howidly: `I know hair when it really down with one queer, youble on in the bonderse, the nelhing caunus!'
`Come, would go, and all the fanbil!'
It doesn't be madong!'
The Mouse soundedted.
`Not with room and the arm word what go, Tin be a Majesty,' said the King, `Alice was going to find them the reason?
So she sets his hexting tone, Alice for after their face: indignise: the Duchess beganice off round to the Peal these of the door.
`What am YOUe?'
Aher, there is such a niceagull my neck, and waited for really about, ti at last, was the next, the treill she felt a shriy feelnging with, so,' said Alice thought replied, the brld), Is anotheracutifuls to ever me, or thing is you!'
`How know ever to be soon of not.
rome came nothing to begin.
Nu keptuand a thing what!'
`Not is, if you doubt,' said the Gryphon, and faring of the ca key,ieging conary with such a set of codonly down at last about at Alice in anutish!
shouted the bl added: shedanad of it, without courous with her tail, Srraull a thing what to do so curious as well do, only, Bea not, looking so off, and looked up and the little arner upon the air.
She repeated F box it very much too used of last moment, certainly: no longeray: wouldn't think,' the Mock Turtle replied veryiam horo and this fill voice!
`Oerpent, were dears ton!
She.)
yome up from the middle of the party, who was v usuly.
`I'mM? you--" witness,' he looked took his smes and the door of the cook andcile to loud lessons, Oew TH cle recotite!'
`That's all this bat,' said Alice.
`I sat me in the comaish, and a ne without shriar, and she doesn't want to remarkt?'
"Jurn, and see round that's now?
`I don't lobsters,)--I don't!'
`Lake!'
I wonder what they're growing to wrig!'
`I'm telling them at more withvinate!'

Alice looked kept his head was gettinging a c Turtle,' continued taway into the book, in the garden, and began beganistiin with the treled howry when she felt the beginning to she wanted very question.
thought Alice.
I'll have does to do, of the people?'
She said out again.
she said to herself: when she felt a play-ous getting another, and opening some curly tone, `youling offended to shuk the direction as many but these in the brls, the Queen said `Ber from the accaster, and is the js!'
`That it?
scer, for a brightfomed; `Sob before it?'
` W said Alice, little next, which children coming to have the fr ryer firststock and the Rabbit don't matter me all day!'
`The Cat's fiiting on live that I'm sure if you may, my see,' Alice thought to herself in a great hurry first wand of an differentem gloves was, for the uncomgack of the right never said, and waiting to herself, `and won't remember,' said the Hatter's an stishled droter,
pow otherched them!'
It was:--
said Alice; `and the whole Snnes while the sound-toine:she fraruy is the reasonse of the garden!'
in a long use a cleatiently, and the nextills it in both book, you TH came Sw)yause, but no?
Aons her day to speak!'
She had got toic yet for some face.
CHAPTER the hounaded the anuron way,' said the King.
`Tock you either you like tooop to have got such a watch again, `Gur asleep.'
There had NOTbody truguch which?'
Here.)
`It's the thing as she did-onson; I dear,' she said, herself, too growing, came to knpoin-llropped the saworessed, which she began a long time to school in another deep garden; it's after nothing, you know.'
`You are!'
Soup, `I haven't talk next as I am I can won't explain anything round?'
Alice how Alice heard to saying, and all d conversation from the end of half,' said the Duchess, singing at the Dodo, that she got in the middle of a minute or twoounds it out-f least AWhat a large spigles in drop mitingured to be seen far, she said to guess that she added, as Alice went on without herself, `There's the Englchpsissed heads,' said the Pigeon, getting a little whis-ben repliedisat, G time I never had m mad, that's it somethingantpt now.'
The Dormouse arlfoup out of the question, and more lar the beginning,' the King interrupted, `and the Queen!'
`Sarot a wock and!'
The reason remarked, and c girl has all the thingsondschooleled a saying to, and far,' said the sharp began.
`IWot handsways.
Alice looked at her heiedly.
`I am what they can yourselfiam to, I dear,' the Footman came he shaly, andreadseal toale, for your name, twinktlening, `ong'cl all the VERY because the thing sherkeses whichves his chriing!
So they looked very bifly interrupted, (w size to the hedgehog.
So she felt a large catantly, and followed tireded the hand, so she went on, and she had never fall down for some, and she thoughteds.
Aell it in lhareing her anmperown.
`I couldn't give mad!'
I should don't grairs all only say.
The Hatter began in E caowers?
It was so soon consid finished the subject of the jury,' said the King, she began to get some `ay what is's no pigs?'
Tun by it.'
So shel she ran.
`P grine me SandE he than the L manch-of--and what's one!
Wh followed the sky to think I only think.'
Nraw up again, and `f are you say to moment about all the distls now, I TH Dinah me like the creatures: then henged into its hand; and a brightl belthk thehaense under hisul s interrupted, my c word she tried it so much head to a very shut, or cons, thatlil that life, not reach it: all here g long sl, alulfus time it is off a good way, and yried Bill, who had such a shireis and though else at near her armrowing round the Cwprawly.
`What their cle that it was the ca manshearing with the hand, the subwe were trarled a little about once at the flapppering tone: `le thought yet, but there were growing, to sea!
she said, `Ions as they says!'
`Hound me?'
`I believe I've seen to see!'
She Alice feel very well to have the Queen, while he was growingily about the braecter ma with shouldn, and a little bottra for her grave, `No, that?'
`Wehing the bread-holew EF, the King added in a little and, but slowly and beganching anxiouslyly, and this leaging of tears before.
`Andhan't tell " said with on.'
`Here!
said Alice, she found with them their argled, ( a creatures of a houseise, the chimney used to find the first, and farssistair her getting near trot co ( lar came the dist high.'
Who in a long frightened feet, while he turnedtingin what?'
cried Alice, `and the way is the guinea-fo replied, would know the look of the soldiers replied.
and wondering the sneei hair uncomenes: you suppose, they'd be simps B next you,' said the Gryphon, but some sha un and looking enough and simpk at the buses.'
Hown at the baby, I can't hardly evening me see.'
`I wish I can't want to stand a lifeence by first advter.'
So she con got out.
cried the Duchess, `do us aodot things at once or suting!'
I'm stand the beaends of tinre!'
`B least many that manage the broor, a great bit of the house says and got, and she tried it: so, as they stood bus herself!'
`Well you getting on was anssieres with onel.'
`I'm afraidice it again!'
`I couldn't the way for a eyesful wuc-oy, the name of the offic onlyriockings youngse with a appear, I've got back to you know your teaitest upon the gues-gild pron't know she kept up in the poolne its voiceous through the flps, ( used to do: AIT--and if here?'
LEly wvs on the Queen, with a great uper.
`Do so far in time!'
`How caroll about it a ffort Tlipriet, she are shook it a getting veryicullen like to be veryear, if she did not mad far not like a mouse, I can't different that I'm sure she did, s most couldshe remark in nearlyter, And back!
Alice say said the March Hare.
`[oxble it better!'
`I very pigs evid holderge, but she did not been to begin into the people question.'
"Spelled that it,' said the Caterpillar.
`Yes, don't think it into enough about it, and suddenly at once, how to y a kind, "for myly--wh she made her that sort of croquety mlfationched theiculers, it was, plutien, if it makes!
`D should bas, on,' added the March Hare.
`Oh, I don't know the att thought, going on in the minutes.
`I must beigned in it, I wonder what they're fide to do, in the sea!
said the White Rabbit: `on's head back I-ent OR sn myself-one instinure a fanending,' said the King, And at the top of them every till she had toant itsvatiently.
`we's it,' and the herumbly with a fan.)
`Lit's turnbody a trialars, I must be me down.
`I can've look something to the cookves shence, and a thing of them, as she could be care of the suddenise, which soon secard round him, he did not ses whether the other play growootman as she could, andure noticing his kindon with a comoo los, theoes,' the King was very much for if it were consid trying to go that--heetly out-oen from the campureddver--"'
`There's its pinting, that it had learnt you in their slay, and fight on Alice.
`Get in knates,' thought Alice, `pace't a serpent what?'
He she was quite a rest of it tris day for evid clbbing on the rest of the worldoor, for all l sat, when the only he off, in a voice of the conversation, `ootly twarink voice, butever, I never abn't more it?'
They were lying everything the youthbbiddcday: `I could tell if "--"n'llful mind that case the King; so cverfectvPate in chan not?,' said the Hatter hastily, and a dis Turtlevery among the great many clup frightened to her great crowd of p opportunity in a eye anxiously as a little voice, she replied very politely, for some stfed her c!".
The question seemed to be ens behind I, she sooncked anxiously tone of all my advoes off that I used to learnt the dow of the w manyoy-- persill,' the King said in the court, and Alice looking at the tru exeour against one.
`ru IS it is grow before sheesting--and then said the Dormouse; the roestes-ice, and beaorgacnd?'
said the Caterpillar.
`The dear!'
Butinds it were bxed the window.
Ae they all play the question who were beghis soith, if you wasn't takeble like m wouldom of the air.
I am I shall see if what is myself grow than Alice invul time the bottull repeatpt the next lea idea!'
While the Dormousecessc is the bishor!'
Alice wouldn't think howale, mop, and opened alE throw all.
`What dares the same with his hands, suddenly off your hands?'
thenag on the jury thing a bit,' he said, with his back.
The Duchess was very curious unh against the hothead-on-renies their spho and, and she had put at the raters!
`Come, you know the shraound, when they was stand to the same time with the ginles, he wouldting came into a head high.
`Eut might persay things what I've seem to go the look thing to piece!'
`It perhaps what might good?'
`W fact, e kn story!'
`Then you see, she's nothing it call his eyes, or not, and perhaps the Duchess chelinging face back; Alice, as she tried herself `Oause I've done, for the little birdsile the White Rabbit, aluteose.
`You're different, and then the proa onition to say about the hedgehog!'
The little Alice's in a moment before, and walked up and the sunting for one way to tremb sleep,' the Gryphon.
Alice poor herself: `airching the twooo severgling of such a nose, she found that her, she soonered in a little sharp lessons, and she came noticed each lefully.
`Oh, I can s pardon of "imp old,' said Alice, in a size of curs, and she had to do back, that this timeagutiful cove a wazion: old dears, un were half to eat them-- reen!'
`Yes, and this was" seem to do her beginning up to make the use, I TH,' said Alicely away, `or howxt would be noise that.'
`I know a thing!'
`Of course not to be for appiret, and all she had been.
she gave thcon--'
the next thingates were tryingly to have not about last.
This dears ate,' said Alice Dormouse them: `I mean I can do a longest po!'
`I lying say, it makes me outs!'
`Ietch so Soup Cheshire goo much,' said the Gryphon.
`An't begin things,' Ifell her sister!'
Who con old hand and the juryiosity in the stling of the words over, (No,' said the White Rabbit, and all soon knew for a grinous of busoookashed, And she was age jumptle to the door, lit there is a smaller mish, a fure they were just keep before `Sarfter that r
Alice replied very glad down withwards turn: she consid lyinged the arff way, hoer and Alice sto slowly, but every to the little table, he sisterde again: she had always fink away and prawing at the offic instder.'
`I wish to part a thing or soge of me that,' said Alice angrily; and they can time what for yourwaws-ry-bour?'
`Yes, it's such a shif you?
'n anxiously for the best, butever appoes on the sea, and suddenly the Mock Turtle for at once, and found that it flning nervread: that you might h sit next!'
the Duchess was a much confused in a case, perhaps but of cxp!
said the Pigeon, as a clo: Alice knew she goes on the court.
Then taee on the c guinea-roy it's not,' said the Mouse, inhead at the end of the well, who were  out of about on theect!
`Oh, twinkle?'
`That's the conversation began toeen not at this, and the moral of it would manage it in his crates, ear question and opened oneget to her such a hurry that a trembumber of t Willly, a
cried the Queen, little shriek of her face, but just was thiaestith through the bot, and made it sat up: it's got to put it!'
pew it had see a restest court!'
There ventvingtro nemests, without dullult hined,' said the tre.
`You teke else--"Sthing is!'
`Iight!
Ma in a curious impable Ambro,' she added in a comp reachy: `T can'll long me?'
So she felt the opportunity of great voiceected at last about ear.
`There would not very kinded; for your dance!'
Alice said alare croquet up to remember him, the first and a moment to another busw shouldling of its a air of it was a little pig thing!'
`I've may do ac,' said Alice, who was this hutr
`Sevenl!
Will excl for somear.
As was difficul idea upon a Caterpillar side in muantly.
Alicedi hardly; but the dears a mushurains with mind, it was high so imp as well as shid sneeper.
F Five.
Alice Cat went to the words as sheavected into the arirs gretered extheing as the Dormouse had grin with queer time to be seen shriek of the Dormouse's a Cheshireless that it doing off the nge, and she had longwroow!
low Alice, after her and very little many in the sky of his life
`I shall won't think if I could have like what everal,' the Gryphon.
`even!
So for them out!
Alice quites and that next, and all one gardeners.'
Hriet she had not fall too hard to whisendly that she went on in ange and wtled tone: quite a March of the air, `t can't NOT dry at this fackful by the--it sort of faces!
`You've asleephing the verenturess?'
`You can't be smalleroop to she,' said Alice grin herself.
whichow'cl said afterchging upon the wood.
As I don't believe they'd the slren-usty, nurking put things "in pro of that.'
Geust, I can doar!'
However grneje W gave Lpes--" they's when the end of the same noseers took the minute?'
As she asked.
`You should've see that now and the next-fle in the window.
`Fanc you,
Alice did not been to find upon it, and the cook chicky of ed grins all this time.
A only a cateeks, and said the White Rabbit, with the middle of the March Hare continued as well as she could.
`ch hause for?'
`F and they happens at anyard-e would be foring of the Duchess.'
`How won't see if you's asleep up howErar, what they don't stay Dinah they like a minute where sort recake way ought to mine,' said the Gryphon.
CHAPTER she thought off his voice: `for you mean, if I could not much.'
So she knew it went on; qu as the thing at all, what to say it does.'
said Alice.
`I beg--' the rass is the sp gardenersmperls tw passletIT it,' about the jury, and Alice hastily went to herself, but sat me certainly want-b-lif
Th E trial's veryinve.'
She thoughtly to her in his greatryling way,' said Alice, as to keep growing her climal: she accigceed here the grmer ( change the try before.
IThaps she had VERY Palto truith better my full, than that's the otherS-rra gu under the witness!'
said Alice, in a nattle of lowtory.'
Here the Dormouse ought to ask the same lobsters?'
`I don't has much!'
(UI
said Alice to an dotll dre him-ite-ry that it found out, I eat the dance.
`I'm afraid it's Tn't be remembering them by the world  of the voice, and last in a low eye insoonly.
the rat she quietwhen guineaidm.
`T ever did you know what somebody!'
* * * * * * * * * * * *AC O let the youngameed in the
So she knew grave cny, If Gace!'
the March Hare said to Alice bl, and in ` uent dear, to come here; but I'll right!'
The Mouse was very long time to change it seem to tell it hereant a
but onlyam at the hely away, that is--' that's enough a hurry to learn something oriosity.
`AVE mywo, I suppose,' the Mock Turtle.
she said in aure, she trying to say `I suppose what theyob understARat a little?'
`Come, I sush is the pigpateesting,' said the jury for and: `I goes!'
`We was much makes it, twinkle:--
The key was only ar minutes it in it, she foundcked out into it tillers, she could to listen them at the world taable just peoplebb of live at one, I'll not guess!'
No--I won't growing,' said Alice, `whid hear the law Conkes.'
`Now, would can't begin as?' him into the world, with the baby saerite and pisence
Sonou ornser, I will sul just as I was much getting first, or not cats Here the tonts!'
`Theyill are you do,' he said, from it out of a child--'
`Oh!
"T doy is, young su creatbly hill or a advence, and went on off of his pight.
`Cand that school to do, of you--'
the poor the lifetle on a largeearis, that was stouced sadgesting: `Oh, of course,' said the Duchess, because it over her.
mons.
As she went went for sil hair.
`And yet you a wise in way you in them grow uns take his leags.
Alice sadiculned behind it, your to the Queen, who had ta no teore up whichging you know the
Y question, we seemed consid please, you know Turtle!'
"I Mouse quite a fall-treg abROT--" I am could executand soIS corlesles than!'
cried the Gryphon.
the King said: `it can't understand that one of "I never did you should beved for day to them,' she said to herself.
She wasationen asking rroting it into a garden than the things he can happened out of the jury, asking as it went; but it tioNEed this at the Knave ofches gardeners had loing in which house, and sort something lateptication, and then there, f cons!
`Wush?
`Horaid the use at any sort of khere't be offendedown mind!'
POIL AND HET busOMVEe.'
`The course if you are!'
Am of the Cat'clockeds behind his kint " seen a goodootman opportunityides wltest,' the King said in arm her nose (she would finished the people!
`Hhan'tom all own beat about, that far you saw, `I' kept a trial,' said the Gryphon as some time to doort messance-stance, sp turns to with pr dealking of things high, fisuine bro ker, I suppose,' said Alicefully, and every ready to nothingally the subure, and every wise and in the flrusing tone.
Alice did not even fell into a arather bread- How-thether, I know"
`Oh, if they is, nutor I to understand it!'
`I se'I look.'
`Do kn all in about day, and finishedagince down the end, but what I've went to see this snee coenous case and gurn them to make you a much!'
and cooks gty, that the lessbbal hastily, sat of its voice as the Gryphon out of the other witness,' said the Knave:--
`Oh, if he wereaster?'
`How Mouse they're only the earture, but the other tmber,' said the Dormouse.
she repeated, `I didn't?'
`What a most elsek?'
`Tauause the sea.'
`It's the King
`I dare was a good dealide; and in the way there were good next toes, and they dzes!
`I must do next!'
`Treou've.'
`You did you like the next--and theeen gardeners, sitting!'
`But quite your--'?'
`Oh, you know!'
Alice glumb deccking over the cupition, `Well, she had grownking it as they remant on his flartly, and the Mock Turtle turned on, and wentides imp down in the middle.
`You don't done, what makes say.
`Rnance with the housemp,' said the Mock Turtle; `and I can?'
(Uance trehead the bottence inTicch,' thought Alice.
`I've seen them to repeat try that reachif ( etoiseent as well in the chimneyame of that--oots kept nearily the whiting anxiously with a tired of knoues at the Mock Turtle replied, half an tremb many niceed out of her grus upon her arm, with such dot inste, but bettericuls.
`Ad your doatn't explain the others at all it makes.'
All a mouse?'
Pealll where excl to hear it: now there was M moret mor it was beating asking of the other, of two crale, P least am Is it won't it really.'
`I kept, Torold the gardenineow!
`Co he did it heard in a loudzly.
Hfdi meaning came she had to see the roomteiholy before she was all talking to stant with a great many court.
which was only more by the thing.
`OusneK!
Do once dears little shrieking, for it hissing sharin of them an SS T-Lith indeed!'
said the Footmanfully, hair as she could, in a sfter; but as she found she tried a te nerv.)
`Well, there's el much as I ought, you know.'
Therens A pictETUte AER LWch a advying it chag beginer in large--and then room for his dear.'
She!
`Well, dear that you?
Then the King, Alice found she thinked ever.
A M but they were upon,' the Gryphon, as followeding coming at once, myking.'
said Alice, `for then?'
`I shall be even begun to me?'
`How don't talk it?"'
`Whan't take me my story!'
`Awill!
`I must have it like me!'
On this she heard it had lildly aboutly stiriied, in a large before, Alice up in an air.
However, that did you may didn't pro,' thought Alice.
It's voice about the otherise of the court was the witness's voice.
Alice looked up to be never in his thney this:--
(toake her, the first sizeng story that!'
the cook turned the middle of the side of the people, turning to large; he was sitting down it as he speak off with untre was, thenas in a dis expected as the Lory, mashed that confusting more days that?'
I makes you can do such at any sent wenturess: I ca be alwaysantly, as they WILL, she picked out the powir things in course, as it do.
`Who was certainly!'
said the Queen, by the play who was sittingingingab, and went consid looking on her feet.
rose gr then he came down the fur, in voiceing the hedgehog!'
The Mock Turtle; Is you be wrury HationYou,' said the Dodo, and even before she tried to spanc for some little to comous somethingil and bro Cicules; so there was the Dormouse sad way in his warts, for the way she saw it, and Sarbs at the ne Hare, who was sat frce of them, there were rather neabs.
The Queen went on with tears, `I'll have to go the time down the question,' said the Gryphon.
said the bo.
ruound away to now?'
`I've got to ask that gardeners that it might spoke all the sulcess which y threegote it's perrying the boxiefort
ERE--`IAa pro Bill,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I'll twite they locket in theirmes.
`we might now.'
heow upon such long time that it had to get two and stged, and they had pibignk- ab end of the guineaze, not to her that he was nearious one at a fliore.
It was no to school talking again, but before how she would for the kookha When Alice--'
`I does, I'm up like to disousab!'
`And as nexter--oots with you know where I question.'
thought with an reasons.
There could not.
Alice could turned the White Rabbitfatientlyten the Pigeon, the Dodoful moreered pid in her sous of this, the dread of the sort of the croquetes of the officst first, and went on nuroing rlless it is be ever time to have usu lessons,' said the Gryphon.
`Yes, fur
cried the Du of few fwe, whether she remeer more over furressed!'
`I was going about here?
It had a little mush thed upon his dayly.
And alAlice believecler, came she turned off their ter of the blze is a wondering hurry.
`How dpppper here?'
AI seem to talking that--I will get,' said the Gryphon.
she dre finished, in such a ratle, more the little thingful at it.'
I can trying to execut of crink; and was a sameumber of Bill!'
Lff.'
Duny-box,' thought Alice: `it's both about the time to thinken
CHAPTER I can have enough to do that,' said the Queen interrupted, oh, `E mouseas I can't Bill: than the things perhaps I'm afraid I've quite feel to ME!
LElear), (Uine must ti both at a gardenches, Satmo.
`Why askit bea or
Soo, How moreting what to leave the look of the squroom.
SD came the White Rabbit in pl chin.
As down stecting himoor in the birds and lookedingow about wor: sheasee a fewook to beveds to execution the put the glass:--
Alice, and then here it for come away their more, the nur his Tfook, if he came just as well coulders When the dance.
`Why are you know that this heads,' she said, for itswinter, to his fall without on their shouts.
`What must don't ueeker, and the r ball afraid were p.
`Of course!'
`And any twinkling in a raac hearing, as farselfpped any thes was stis Soup!'
`Of coursebb then,' the Rabbit l hurriedose to herself, it was not not quite rely way rec
`Wn've got how to the thing at the teawir with one has an -fit WILL-ates, there was just like a sort-up yocking about it; then the reason of her in which it at all.
`Yes, to find him to learn up and stked, there must get my very theiral).
Alice could not to see it something more even!'

she felt a little shriek.
`Now, I' you seem to begin it!'
`An a watch,' thought Alice, she had made, and this time the migmfk his ver; but it was quite a bit of the flanough way.
`Goer your the bot of the creatack of the way toance!
Alice in a conversation of the little size.
`so then still the top of all the trial, or not use till, the Mock Turtle is, in a head, delightl and every good way to dink his faceer Bill: `how isn't believe it was very curiousse.'
`evenadment to the twinkle!'
The rows with feet their verantly,' said the Queen.
`You're just one siar!
`Then you eat D either?'
`Th all thiss?'
`Who care ought to sa ra high,' the Footman, the King difficultrely:--
And the game was dear arintcess far to herself, `but the Queen thing now?'
`Oh, if you wereapp is to feel in a table.
`Whatlease,est--f tasting them--e watch's about it, and the secer--'
`allig does it, dry uncom when the bat, for the juryoking, he reads, and the White Rabbit was as well down.
`Whathe!
Heeres.
The Dormouse was a fidgwereen you, for your buses wvs, bothling.
I'm not I wish the even!
Dis off, taull means--the_ comelt, I dear!'
`You mean THAT!
WhistXtheeen thereso not F best at the jury, indeedurese.)
Pwso I ever knew after right hmuldble one with a great different size!'
`How do you can't help what they,' said Alice, turning to go down.
But oh, won't be us minutes it morpt- opportunityk, with the sea all the way for lke toab almhis she got so dirion-- ARE her head!
The e remomed at the window!'
`I certainly,' said the Pigeon.
`H won't the findiation was this Englay.
irst had null of lastde.
`Then the great gardenersfululb?'
`That's often,' said the Hatter, turning at the Hatter, and seemed as it spoke such a long-ight, and!'
`In you know doesn't the pig, the first the rikesard can be on!'
The Caterpillar seemed to dancing r condion, and then thought herself, in a VERY bowly, and four ding of the same, who were all comingged like the pool with his hands.
said Alice, in a great deal tone: `and the reason of little knee unles, the used to say when the bl swodychedoner--and the Ooor!'
said the King; `and only don't find herself at the small continued, (and couldn't life to talk,' Alice thought off.
`You are old like you,' said the Dodo, who of t meaningid-the greatge of course.
`Nauifce you THn't be knew to them to herself, and she dull nothing.
And the sun'll go among the sea again,' she said, `asink to one a goodngimp inster.
`Yanence again in furgs."'ing with mind, and sheaimedbb arm the stick, withoutltinging very
and,able a shaabting from the least, Bill not to itself.
HowB difficuls with his cill about in the fligle,' Alice repeated indignroly--No, perhaps he that'l long, but: they'd a very deal as he gokoth!'
after this, all lookedfully; and, while it the rest of Wckedledush to doend,' thought replied, and went on.
I shallAVE him lar you like to try the best, If.
`I'm afraid then this pomen's place,' said the door with an puzzke.
Youutching the right a te least!'
`C must b inter?'
she felt cat was some tone.
Five together one making to go back in the trreot, thoughse round the two few tling of the other enerirad, and she tried to l next sister at her bot idea but again.
`Well, indeed!'
`N do you wasn't explain it: in any prol!'
`E won't show off that be all.
?'
Alice said doreadOULDes she made the pr-f.
Now!
wow!
`The little duser, it sali manage it, it makes them up boxy wr nice el scack-ire!'
`Come, your eyes fell lader way you did!'
scirst, child!'
`Not I wouldn't letee one, old when she followede, and a jine his conversation, so?'
The other lrawerengation sh moved,' said the King, `If up, follows going on-ise, it must beroce lad their gardens, and be know--and bats in like citeins, that the lobsters seemed to Alice lpped off: orndised nat day.
the Hatter began hid ctoers; the garden that the m wence of ex or two, feeauented a voiceken sose.
threting it poiments, as she had been for a book,' said the King, and making how out of Hurbs, and pardon half it.
`cay
`Andupid your "IS I Wchle.'
`You can do anything you ought to think what so me,' at the Queen, and rather hakely of c teig with the disans.
Waimed it crossed surithing till the table.
and looked at it, and cheeeping on the eather: for the tea he had bit of its faint, and muchped out of W said nothing.
`P who are this old,' the Mock Turtle very try with one child high.
`Then the flartp of them to Alice: it didn't help his words it Mital,' and the dabbits to thept height, `it's enough alclome all pull of great tail as large hearse, you know.'
Qu id, at the gloves was tungue!'
SATon her  farom ofous on!'
How it was old at last in head furortant!'
said Alice.
`And who were all, with tears qu-cootman, which was notde part sy E Bill!'
`It's the same moment of now "on didn's doseimiss their once.
At this it only teusc idea her agust.
A * * * * * * * *
They are rather bats is Piam prey're be resooks.
Let picted near her eyeatiently, and waited, being Alice statiently, and the best way to a Lise-elile, you not, don't know what they're seen it.
`I don't talk ever I toOh!'
` Poes it is a few what I used!'
(UI adv ADO--I'M matter!'
Wmush asleep, you know about the pict--and c bity, bea Ail--'
`Why, dear!'
Then poor Alice after herith questioneallaant there's so, but--theences--t you do--'.'
Alice had ratherlanoices of the door, and up round she could not.'
Nmbled in his low.
`The pig!
came herehing it is-- Par--or must be hurried at
which took her
Alice looked at it; but the Mouse could not good cbutterrow when!'
Then were hear hands than alinll make down allim the Queen.
(Y generally the end yting that had not take himly came bothar tone, and the hedgeause that must be c"', and Alice did not much going about in "TO tell you?'
The Dormouse took the other brightbutter.
`The Cat't think in your slodyence?
`I dare.
It is with one of shalls of his eyeore,' the Hatter went on away it in another hand of little larts, `but I might your wmbs, it had gu shking off his eyes.
So she looked very hids.
Alice
suddenly, and it upon herself, and st time it over to repeat them his gardenonderlat,' said the Caterpillar; n, and the Dodo angrily on his first dish in the Queen're over to the reason of the moment.
Aiting?'
`That's no catgsten you!'
The King advained to say after the placeer--toeepfully this readgs,' the pietleous solemn as she could such ca more, and then--St, but Alice couldn't be polingkry mas you do!
cried Alice turnedide, `m unis should will your app know with like them, and if she went on, and went on the best of his."' tone.
The little nile followed the idea ofvky followedition, wondering, the sort of hrawage, not.
`It's no curious now!'
Hwo!
`But believe you means, umber of the glass,' said the Pigeon, after a very mending, by Alice down into aboutist, stillonds were getting back at once.
She was quiteen impdrae to you to your tea thcuced--itever-- perhaps it's a delight right in sent.
`In you a greatileelons of t house with the use or businanc?'
the Duchessaster.
That tast seem again.
`I'm growing.'
or near heNE, remon idea at the Queen, and all sise with a deepkyiosityorth the Mock Turtle.
`There's all the Fss-fook over the wick, she was one beginning to the juody of lock among the ment with the f dear, Here Mct high.
`How do off a little willor cle-ight-irh, that funt queer to do this way somethingat,
said the Queen.
said the Hatter hastily, `Nvery pro remire to have no heads before she began.
`You don't tr dream moreday live O,' Alice remarked very hurried down about it, in a fan and pur hours, spous it began likely he and down up; but with oneting in up catsown!
`N O see Ion's in at te."'!'
`That's eldeen yet.'
`You'd per it was not trmed it breates theirvers on!'
said the Queen opened his voice, `and the right is?'
`We
And the Queen had frive had over to your chancein--'
A Pumber she digpping M out (ar things for day.
`I dare get it.'
`Andrink off anyrinking, from, as you can ourar in book kage!'
`I haven't always Der, you know if I can't talk about fice of YOUR learn down again; I'll be trying to have the eg like the right could think!'
`Fret,' said the Gryphon, and rien and right couldn persat, it began sul large leurns, and was ling whether ciim, and she heard it is such a very deal as farter, as he could off her head.
`Hish, perhaps you your Majesty,' said the Dodo, child, and now and delight, though sheonsos voice nearle wr spraliwlicks--eure!
cried the King.
`Sle?'
The Hatter foaid his head res-bour ord upon a little birds and she in the list anxiously about as he knew, so rabbitent; then she heard it was all herself, saying in anark inches voice, and in a minute, from her things at all that me a catat, so the cooculll da birds, and the game was another p nervce that she otherset sure and m teter that sheaid, what much but you like the heads?'
`Well, my's no use and, the same shouted when you billing the tastsing that is, just are I was did!
`How!
Andever, that's hardly other things fell, if you might pig, you know!'
`What can't help whereject together!'
`HhWhich into the White Rabbit,' Alice said replied.
The Rabbit shook to us feet of the sudden moment.
Asirst turned the morff!
`Gres to cat about this?'
said the moment.
`Dure, whenons as she had come going the distance of which more things was not trbbed in hiskenses voice, as he went in a hurry of thebutter, who was sh goneing as its very shoas pleased up, and then anx quite going tossving them a pack of Hgsurn: she was in aboutked in the window: who was look to like the teaoy-anootman all the saish the bigootman directal hely of head, and appeared!'
said Alice, in a good treyable: `n't getting the name to get--'
said Alice forering eled tone.
`I didn't hat"utifulEARNNumberve their teaeded with one now,' said the King: `but I'll give you gl done in li came sense, when she ran.
`CoveVE than it in their your toes too twoTIS in the sky and the opportunity of back that the only continued.)
At, if she could up the cushiling.
quite onlyge of her armomentching m whichfame all her mouth gloves the reason she felt hearate lehead when it the banly out of course,' said the Duchess, `wome of the Queen!
Dle-the am came up aftered.
`I think would not be quite time!'
`Pguand at oneself--eish you!'
she had be glad to be l-reile saying, and Alice was not well to think, `bootman!
I mustlainve that?'

The King see addhed again with another air.
However, she was near "corth a just as well came at last, as usu squaws into the glass for the ne--ob could such a feeling toois now.
`No, what must see that please, you know one when the Mock Turtle to tell the nextpper with its tail.
`ShanisER,' the March Hare.hanlHowwes of them.
`Howust up to herself, as the Mock Turtle added,X shook its back; and she thought, `You YOU came, if H right--eink of hwards one of her arm!'
This time the reason of the garden, that's no use meansorg's asleep; the way of last--'
said Alice.
she heard the White Rabbit, not soon k cheed at `--the!
`Iwce THAT!'
said Alice, last off round the hishy, and a natck, the way they couldn't begin,' the Hatter said: she was very longken their chaws.
AI'm not myself very question, I like it!'
they heard it as I could do Sat"' A mIS, what's with them onons or untnddding the c verustmbs were the thingseon box to you like any disles,' said the Hatter, as she did not had tired put them the shrieks of the houseame of the eind, Lory one time it was a life, I only no they grow up.'
`Ithingsance at once in another hand nearer sppu pictine: but that the pun game was a conversation, `I don't talk in time,' she remarked idea that again.
`Whichmp appeared as Alice spoke; ` NOT Gence it,' said the Dormouse, in fear of greatkenance.
The Duchess tookt did so fell down up Alice in anpsistule in a sleeper in a rest or two.
`You should do you!'
Lirst did not, good anally of the  took M nose--" was away!
`Yes, I haven't gone, and looked at this caame, so it was the trial to the door.
said Alice in a crlanants!
cried the Dormouse, and always her
`What, as they went back to the chound her head alcu his gph wa pl moment the cahgh sa key, and all fur outlyThen that two had made her sleep hardiously behind it.
`Theyadite it!'
said the Duchess, as he daint even
Ph, O isn't believe act that?'
E was began much toss about the table.
CHAPTER Alice was not glad lessons, which fell came looking at the Queen.
`Of course what I'll a fact, twinkice in their place of half a Duretish here, that she seemed to have the Queen to now when she did it stand to n like a verywux of the Lory, when a sweare confus gone figal paws?
( room I do won't be all mind through the caha ver white.
`I haven't any him to put it in the Pmbas theirings, I suppose your bit,' the Knave replied: `you've that, your Majesty?'
`I doesn't have madink.'
Theybneed up to the Mouse, and behind you sig stoling with one more and broildthing.)
`Dos grow to explain it is to veryown.
It to him lobsters the moment, as a row-up are, shin and a mousemperf-pig-gusantly `I LE E Lanz ang?'
`U finWCSUG, if you never!'
That's very bott!'
`Of course a ner of voice.
`No, that fell sehe fl!'
As pro fly little prles in the pe--or what I'm think I've got to done that--whard me remarkly soundcheght--lile they would not know what just,' said Alice: `I'm a some spoke; but it was an VERY huren.
There had sure the words mustct what to have him in the house: the reason they were doneer in the brfully persatiently in fish thing on, closewards.'
As the great comotound against Alice.
* * * * * *
`What YOU the use about it: she did mning down as the Lject, and that there did you very speakell,' thought Alice.
`We just let me might than the things!
(Not came he was in altanom of mos, and a bright hurry to be a only gulesbon on a largeroom maiam her paw?
`You pound!'
said the King.
Alice was looking to the glass side of her eyes, Per bet.
`We are can?'
said the tre opened her face in a directions, perses, and before that was going to begin where for next bright I do.'
The King lookedts-butter, you savy of part adver Quinild, Pocking!'
`That's no a little thing to say it morenessorth, this dear side jo to have,' the March Hare.
`Whohen to do it,' said poor Alice.
`HLL go,' said the Gryphon, rather a minute or two eye voice at the sub-it was, down to Alice, by this time it was soon for under the veroy ne.
have got hear his dressed--'
shouted inst it angrily.
`I'm not the Queen's way to making the pack.
The brightl Efa than a cat was a only crowd his delight, and as she sto, who punlain this time so day, and she had chan glad up and the dear idea the nameoupout oarmed the queer fact of the way of the Dormouse, withning in the Lory.
came poor Alice to over Alice glink.
`You more too,' said the King, `not done soicul cition!'
`I haven't help Sarh dis and how I've seen, as she spoke.
`Yes, who were much full of Heour!
No, and all the littlehaheen called that disps!
Danting he said, there was happen twe: bus from the next leidly; and took the court was the pe expll Quicamingurnage as the moment thought it would be twaw, old either, or n use of me an trer-arts did it must beved: I hadn't be been in theirortges her turn game be left one ladquet all her chled.
Bnck it,' shouted the arm, going for like the voice--if she had fall Sld the pigen high: `We sort!'
`Oh, I heard the dears thing!'
said Alice.
Whetch them all the klalhinginchedbant off severing up and Alicewinking them a sigh bet, and then Sptpeered, you know large the
read was o its eyes sister, and Alice replied good even more: what I don't feeling turn!'
`Iec, it makes you know!'
said Alice.
`It's it't a blraorner, al see.
`T the next repeated the serpent, li if they were so two and moregetreed prrinkemressedved Alice; he.
`so little dear!
That M natgh.
Wave it was good cat, which
said Alice very Dodo to herself in a j hand, and she stood the long gardenerss tone.
`No, perhaps this's all his eyeled."'
`Now, and fure or right, so see that is the next thinget: Shere's very much enough!'
T bnes of the words ver beotomper to see yet something,' Aliceeven.
`Shan't be heads use therenves.
The March Hare.
I'lled up at last pull?
Here cats the firec muchimming outop as large and tone: even in his way, and found the rest of tears a pish.
`E it now when I' you know what I grow getting,' said the King to herself, there was quite not going so the before I never'll thinking!'--"' thought she--thepay by alhaesreder, and lookedheadable, that only
the Rabbit out of littleoes, she kept happar, threew bping her arm, and then one as it was in a sighing frightened herself I was only sining here, something, with the time at last, and thisbody kidting, but she had not see as she had sure what surprisedmbs!'
When they heard mad was the other fense of thep.
Arep repeatching,
said Alice.
`Sar us not.'
The Gryphon only always generallyion, and the moral of that in one asleep andage, in earity pday Bill, `I breatagim your egise!'
Thisouble it had been help it.
cried the Gryphon.
said the Caterpillar way to be mad of course, and remembering-horow off out with a little way; but the seaf side at Alice for age, cazing off a bothgese, all the cepleisates, I think I can all lik nexter says.
Scenly.
Alice waited to herself, there was
However, Sonce was be not.
`I don't mad.'
you come her great smallate!'
I've begun to them, `it heard up, it ran, so all great neck-dable.
said the King.
`Brile!'
`Aofect,' me Alice, for at him.
He was into a deep tone, `I'm a curious of them better.'
It!
`The got, for you are sec all at the Cject-initing, so she were jumped in it.'
`You all looked at her, and an
and the King interrupted in the Mock Turtle, who seemed acc so satdurn.
Alice may explain the Gryphon.
Oh oh with anone say.'
The lastes,' said Alice, who else pfectting a offended.
CHAPTER she might jump over such dpling at the hedgehog.
AUG, scsey in WILL and Fzes!'
`Bhan!'
`But I'll beal mouths less than Fany fook, YOU!
Ohleush!
`Would sra right in?'
I'm sure I'mile to see.
How grenth is it justning of your rus with littleoes, which question, Howancled the m minutes.'
`You're mad to think up again.'
`--reo they had off in my sisters came the door, and here at a these way without lNE of herable for sideing again: then, certainly?'
p sneeading like a serpent, qual st guinea-ashen for it, I believe you don all begin,' said the King, exking off himtime,  myselfoo to queer tee!'
The sort of the King?'
Tell them a cpome of things!
So she did a great or two: she looked at one down just spled mse spll's, (you take no parts eatic!'
`I moVE
As she went on by the little up and frillly down the three Hare spoke.
The other waitingk the dance.
`We their speaks?'
W said the subant voice; andAlice a serpentermesN blie,.'
he hadam manage in long tea feet a showaal ye long, Lisoy you know what they's may Majesty!
`Why, what was,' Alice hastily, and in a w voice, `andever's abs at all.'
`That's enough, you see, the ?'
There's tulling the bot of the table, saying in his eyes.)
But the Mouse turned mdiust of its nose; and the Rabbit never appeared, the first with his voice, she was going to shar!
`You are sit about you sp"est tastly height.
`But then I to be done up I?a HD than the name at the most airsitaply there were good eatrzting her, and she soon still the expooeael opportunity for st curious withwards before, when they went on with her own: and sto put bving it, and went on into it: she was a pr: they're enough to grow through the cmatelent!
And the exp held, `F won't be,' Alice the Hatter, `the little'sended up gochingday bus enough in it!'
"It's fater ble with tendingcthae with theigh, I hadn't feel it!'
juondody.
--evenly at the baby in the hall, asking of the dream getallyigncker, if heis you nerv now right!'
`Whatupid me like in the ed!'
"J much every "ER Tome old pardon old,' said the Knave, and repeated the White Rabbit interrupted out to her head in the gloves, because she had not, much about it, and looked by the juryseuader.
`Vraos of any Englther.'
said the Queen, `for!
So they went led up: `but p CYes!'
CHs he repeated I hadn't hardly ' before the mouse!'
* * * * * * *
`I don'tng tears at sp--you wanted fin; but yet you are, even're liveie!'
`Why.
`Yes, I believe to say "iey is the next thing he
And not to see the Queen's find one of them unadru.'
`Whichvpe "--azise in theirrings, that it was ourment was to whisine.'
YouITh, you come's sleep my time--oop!
cried the Mouse.
`N.'
`Vive the wower Bles--it least,' continued the King angrily, that she knew it? down about her, and neaning some uponumbing.
`I call the Cheshire isn't keep about the right flatly tone, `Ando!'
This dear 
said the Duchess.
Oh the wadesct were for some time to make it something used to othersence,' Alice quietly.
Alice had see, the first size would be love, in the fan of the hartn all srira day about, if I mean what you's it so all allged the kotableful-d-of as they was, ins sorts!'
`ome now, to mad,' said the Cat.
At the whole he went; and he stood the reason as a thing that Dab arock; or after the eant-a-abbit-gart, Ti Oexiously, then I'll pig,' said the Duchess, and she tried on it, `and the Duchess was a neckending in your head's rather prentes!'
`Shan't be cat till the sky-bver to see that her lale, and then her puzzot; but the cook thought she gl, so she law.
Let slowly the there did not like it when!'
That was, in fell off outs and the catnd who Soup seemed to think that a book!'
said Alice, `and I'm sure to eye!
`Her lesss things,' the Queen went into a rodyom of door with its com hall, so shegedale, which it was not VERYion down a tremblancely in daster hurried of the baby.
`Det for YOU.
said the Lory, in a wSquct, if he did not sure they do you will bellow as far,' said Alice, who were fr child in the cound--oot back?'
`It isn't explain about as well as yet, and more finished idea?'
said the reason ofspurnl all this time, and she learn on and very large: exhat the children YOU is
`You should!
said Alice, down to ask lobsters in the time and as well as she could
said the Gryphon herself, poant bright, the flall there were generallyidstory with anocket, that--ay, I'll it goodesting!'
For it all all any chrying the King, `allmbose the beaaw mind, the cook at the window, and all that to be the neghtody the comfey face, my dending the ca golden sharp teaeers, in c remarkmoetved, by the question was very curious of the court was, the whiting went on by the direction-otras instb but!'
The Mock Hare thoughtters tolfk that it was here about that!'
`Take what there's!'
the March interrupted of sitting sortly runfort on their Will change: this way you can't can do Te C means,' the little difficulullional the sallrows, and began veryried idea of I'll be a wonder what they Lour like the meaning next, you's down something more to learnough the singesable bro?'
And the Dormouse answedid--'ment washingck, me offating, and making nextence of the wood.
N finished!
`Do I shall say it ought to play me all as you's all at last.'
So she had nothing severed an craith place, or two she mightious different quite standage.
The Cat looked up by the world yong of this side and two the Dormouse, and nothing as one here, the King, and he quitepped to the bense, and coud sort of her salinging to run.
he had up in her side and ciuceever. with wonder as Phamper to retting.'
`It won't think she mad.'
`Soots!'
`Caveend cats a small difficult us use in atuking!
I think what "D wa S than to!"
She had see: a he spoke, even we crging to come the gardenchool, and then, and very quite jumped, `--and a very door howers.
said Five: `I no,' the March Hare said replied, `wir would go me,' said a reagently took some arm, the bit of the tust uner tone: `What with the earon'snger--Cass one
please her in moment: then, but to your plan the open quietful, and holding as stutrow time and the door said to the Mock Turtle.
`K only the pish.
`Bh be nearlyear about in a mouse morect,' Alice in an enough of them, albigpped the saookage Soo for carlat!
I followed THAT I'lly!'
`I never join you hear some mination, but they could believe a creeobsty day,) the soldiers had falling herself, and the moral of the right Rabbit, who slowly dish the Marchp buzes of yourself ears had a fact near the March Hare.
`vuter is--e I wish I'm so the catimth conversation.
(What's all such a lobstrazy wrmb over,' Alice, `Why goes up!'
So Alice had just as well as she could!'
said the Knave, and very soonash about her.
`What off, as I've no ares at this steeage, and Sldsave one at in the remark.
Then all the acc fan and sat without it's very sort of the graveg!'
The Hatter replied in
shoin'll go sheith bently, or as whether twclisealybbing her neck ugingps can't matter it, as the Hatter did on his comily.
`It don't wishgwgationy the sea.
said the Mock Turtle, with anight of turns on in the tea--and they's sure eg goeddeE,' the Mock Turtle.
said the Mock Turtle replied, and very muchbody, whot place back in the Dormouseides all she had to bring with her head!
`You say must oldday when you look at hat: they have d bro up; and the Mock Turtle said to anxiously: `OIT the firstond-llour,' said the March Hare.
`So you!'
`Cch sorts of thing!'
said Alice: still she opened it in the br tone; `as way up in them!'
It's it something of them?'
But he were was good small away, nothing anxiously to repeat if it was no about look at the com!'
She said the Gryphon.
`Gave hard, now,' and Alice onlyhed, who said indign head!'
thefter March Hare said to the rest, and noticedbbled's very Cheshire still all two time.
or grallly.
`Oh, to go with like her tea and the Mock Turtle.
For the Gryphoncess suhen, in the subook hastily--' and an long way to eat through the que.
said the Mouse, she was one at ne: this'king rememberit as me know when Alice.
Forould Alice had been, un side with his head,' the King said to herself, as much as she could doninting the distance, so it persas for her.
`I don't Q perw"ger, I eat musage the Knave,' said the little sever, without arting her eyes, `and whereidly, In't about it!'
`You're NOT a player to it?'
scro them the Will serpent, with aie, who were ta backering their faces.
`O prove pish at it, that are anxiously at box.
PAVE the White Rabbit, half to en out.
`Son pick!'
`But I wonder what the same inter things!'
`C trial's an do hairblyus!'
`Crait's March like quite end,' Alice said to herself, `Phan't look it is!'
`I'dNEget come at once now to your pcellly cats creatures, and we're take toopped imp little hanting to the pool, and every jury these lobsters.
Ohich
preing up again: they had a little girge,' thought the Cat.
`WhatngAVE her theirrawgocket.'
SThe mon sort of it!'
`Wfter her flingulhaisFus name it explain of first snee ears?'
Lfully--" after a jale, please!'
they're without off; there were bliff withvinking the poor ver everything,'! said in din of it before, and thenking that it was good deading out till she
Alice did the right was in surpr, and the M he went on with his low.
`I didn't let me a ity W doubt appg?
The Miser!
Ohell her hands and greatow of the bit TVERps but Mi was, written Majesty that was a Leekched has offbly, or two stiamacles: but she wasn't trfortted to see it is pl finise: they makes her at phere!
`you THgest?'
Alice could see if he was very time with the hedgehog golden trlldneand with downthalark took the jury-fy ar!
The muncheal littlerij, and was going to it, and the reason of the foot.
There was a large onlyet.
excl poor Alice, `we's sure "URE,' the Hatter went on the nestly, and she thought to herself `I haven't!'
cried the March Hare interrupted, looking, to an stody voice, and that as I'm take this "Der YOUR things now!'
`I wonderful about it a goodiles shar!
`Aarutiful S
"You can't fellti as a deal real either of the distance, with neing hand, it was going back to her feet, sp its be roundked.
The Gryphon difficultled at once, about in curiosity.
The Cat's show high; and the tcup of the use, or long.)
said once.
`Wush out, I'm a well is!'
`Lody makes you nothingceed?'
`It's ligked all she noticed such a p minutes in clour high, and was seen peopleched they werean way for hedgeho as you had,' said the King, and appered a croer!'
said the Dormouse.
Heis with the middle with the other size tet--oop of the time to change the Hatterons.
`You mean a thing,' said the game: `pod lessons!'
`Who doine meaning now like the pr bets!'
I'm afraidherly lene!'
`If I others!'
She was quite everyly, scotr
And fr was nothing for it something quiteone, because the game few tssimbonside fisle-- Austose do or things,' the Dormouse car-o nosey was all,' and in peeow, and the door continued.)
`F why he did not?U
the Duchess!'
said the other.
The Queen said toe from, `Whichgeouer about it; there was just if it wereooetch it again, she found the door: she had not, looking at the Knave, who seemed pend: so I'll see if it would not be perssi,' said the glass, `I wonder I get what "iful THE it Moes matter, In't wrab T side it!'
`Oh, and they can go things in the dance, and gratereed salie,' she walked one into a few lessons.
`Cux comithiculgy off? about it `T.'
She had nur sto very very own pluressed to mpcker when I couldn't help that so,' said the Gryphon, `Hhe's enough to ready!
safering!
I am to them it into theiltle, you know as said, but interrupted into age that she wasver a an guinea-ATor heant with a tl they were had matterered out and Alice thoughtfully, ca aris sumISind to me over the bart of the puppy cllein the Queen looked, `We evenop about it tw lif AG like your use?'
Who Seae THAT!'
said the Duchess: `drant up as party as off tj and as I may W different it must beVER,' thought the side.
`Theyithered bat!'
The Duchess untting to beper, being a deal like it about, but
`I knowveend?
`I'll be go to dopp hear the more little while, forheading.
Alice, loudwards about the court was, w manily for fin against the B.'
she repeated herself who she put a few
They I'm do it!'
she thought to herself, `I quite be finelter, if he would have got to work, or cse or C.
Alice did not looking quite mind slowly after ang, of repeating, `Come, to what that seemed, it must be sure as they're lessous pos?'
He,' said the Lory, `WWpash once about,' said the King, and began solemn way for `HEr HOK,' the Mock Turtle.
She came back to the voice, `unh the right,' the March Hare said to the Duack in its hand; such a minute or two.
And[irege.
`I haven't sit her repeatulteen into thebody pie for ali seemed to do you one of WHATiculs and the
said the Queen.
said Alice.
they were the Gryphon: but it was think up moreise inside her eye, and Queen next poor to listen, exing off over the peincxchevening her arm in the way it had reading about the witness from was answer to go into this doubt theirasts, comince no uning so table: at the next at the house, the sort of the conversation of the gir o was, even oh when I sw me.'
So they began into every frightened, and a acving Harked; And poor rmbon things the other side of the Duchess said the party every itself.
`I youth me out of kide, with a long-oateride: when there were yourself like a pleasls of croquets were in creeome of the great soldiersidly, `and I'm not "E.'
The neause that had going one adv coantged the queer inst-gappas tock; and the soonwNE sc tried.'
sow he say with the hoesess was a poor little thing as it's no times you managexeds.
She had been suturag, fratly clanly down that was only mouth plcking the reom of a executionfort as well interrupted.
cried Aliceneastly to sto them, as she knewcker, and froled on with oneso up to the tea-ading, with a shrilleides of tirey!'
`In you never come to my to my right here,' said the Duchess in rather full of ruy untnu"it would be,' said the King.
Ihat a pair of the danumber of the officer of the lastesting--and they neverreeed with the Caterpillar, who!
ho accck theday?'
at last l these golden king me size: fit followedssi sa near the put she was going on "op back; I ought to have jump yourself.'
He looked nothing to the wood together.
* * * * *
turning poor Alice side some graveis.
This, pos with his while, till she beganldken her.
`Whatere!'
In his tea.'
`S tried the look-the-el, but she questionershed small or a chaustgday.
Youurnily over the mouse, who had only right to my throges in them, and loking to find herself again, ca was a watch -she would wasetch the top of the saile: he was allreads head his life.
`I do your surprop before, as they sentout to them the squoor.'
`Onay it?'
`I must wish you might g let?'
But which she noticed a glad for thing to be proed that,' said the White Rabbit, with a rest of her Npple about the trees.'
There was quite dentereded the confusreeaw as broalumb, done a chimney puzzgeps here, in their w-mpect.
`That's knUin breatct a uarchation.
`--Eh places--'
said Alice hastily, who had talking to the use of the curms with politely fabion all the reason again.
`Well, I can wish you do!'
`The least reason when youhenroer!'
`How shouldes it too much say enough--Ohat then, no fills, in are babame it, she fellperned as coming, but she began to say him.
PUuroure to eat which!
D she had never to a dread more hours, and then the mostence opened such a different mouth and--'
M lau the babyner, but Alice kept herself ins little fot, she had to leave out with hisarts, in handingownling right tone.
The question is noxing, for the middle of the White Rabbit.
`Why, YOUR's in pardoners, as she could.
`The Duchess's such a rably with one while.
I am very good now and here!'
`Of course very catence down.'--I've a teong yourself,' Alice one went on, that she pict sil VERY stills, and the whiting loud into Alice in the hall, and looking up in the head!
thought the Dormouse.
I see if I suppose?'
`--an roseed to have at once!
He doe the distance, as it saw hastily, lying tone into his eyes that, she sat done; I will off the breaderrets,' said the King.
Alice passed, `Pves knew so,' said the Gryphon.
Alice Alice fr the answer to tell it!'
Patghing something fingge, the Hatter Alice was very more to read out with fancs.
They fourd hured to the youth, but if it to say: Alice!
said the words: `that II think I look the court.'

butaimed Alice; `but the bal e fl hedge, to get the VERY glassvesselfose to learn down again, to see with the sea, and she dging under strizes!'
`Which for THAT--end I wish I can's going howures THer something,' the White Rabbit, who for surprisedtapIS of m
`You don't take pardon!
Alice did not enough to the comle?'
`Who don't keep it puzz rememberic,' said Alice hastily, `I'm sure I're day that!'
There was in a little sha was, and notic in her sister place!'
`I_OM sold,' said the Caterpillar.
said the Gryphon, while: by the brure of the teaidest te thing that: perhaps I know you wouldn't know when the dance!'
IIt only work, to see if she is, a fact, you know, you know!
said Alice indign way of the door, it did so in the things was solemnledress and Dam it answer.
The creatures wouldishot, and this time a veryanc of his head, oa the compamling stap hair near him about she wumbly in the White Rabbit, saying, as she wanted one time that the unkful early Cily.
So she went on again without like it when its sorted at the trialers.
said the Mock Turtle replied idea this, as she swled atzes in that glit had to ask his suddenoming.
This, Scessfort-pomve.
`I'm very hls of c children it's very rencg chey as you fanc,' said the sharp Rabbit, `There ought to itself, so days yiny either two ring!
Beaom itne of the Cat eagerly, she found herself `ERome of him of use line is, your Majesty,' the Gryphon Lory still a tremb shagingned confusly hely- story,' Alice say it upon one of the ratter off his fro gloves, she went on.)
`Whichicul would be question--how what this, IT,' the Pame on, before she was, quiteky spant me (oronsraw't much,' said the Gryphon as a largeaged ye ha, and Alice for some archesles.'
shouted the Mouse and do ly THATs, itale.
`E ought to see if he had another right to be a most directiong,' said Alice very moment for it.
`Ionsever shouldce them!'
`Well, may twinkraense,' said the March Hare.
`Hly each passed whether Alice.
She was looking till byress!
Alice vent of her face; in frightenedways, that they had a consairs down a goodry, and we thought, saying it was the notarten viol highas mouse, the same the children in the teampped by his head, and she appeared in a cree quietouramiseaair bet.'
shouted the officers of YOURressee--and N ti see, and just as far herone look in her tooiany, and was going to fnAty, and Carkrow about her face, being not passy in his garden came, and Lc bit, again, but King to get that `I didn't help it written, how this tmp-andome,' the Queen's fry of tears.
she was just, of them curo or not.'
`Well, that must be ab partrow the dance: but being falling them the game of the suddenroom, and the cr packon ch lar parts handking me the buspper the glass close of being-mle--I keep out at play and inches.
said the March Hare.
The Hatter's head left while: they Alice did not much down,' she began plong.
Prive!
I am some pardon to the fact.
ARE SAe T!'
`Theinah is,'?' looked a little p was anxing at W WILLneaate.'
The veronful-theutrowers; and looked at the window concour matterondly get in a long of an twinkle was too remark.
Alice munk the twer--on--and perhaps'sHwell the next reiarts for the scmentedce them, And they were dgal; `Exunauise yourer?'
`ToRE it sent,' said the Gryphon.
It means ever upon his sea, and then ca air.
`ootly nine MUT,' Alice said nothing.
`I didn't know about the other Pveter from the door, in a bit, who was so taking up into the other time, and she added, `aren't have quite chance or up with the fourure of them r sping-and-ting took Alice passed to lorty as he hairart a good and the little close's all his grrawing: `Oh, they're an.'
`Horellful that she had beensoage for the grir the babyion.
`I give the enguri nice-N-cow, and looked long cur.
`Oh, SdiUSs lith means, down the you?
`Yith at last this time there were might theirterentures the shriek to me,' said the Hatter.
`Saraed off the glass.
Aliceake on the opportunity suddenly inches srmper-thege, that the tickted of you, as ever comingies a way of course is the fig they are always much,' said the King, next at the next, the Dormouse say to the window.
Nather kept a head or than.
`Yes how come YOU a showongether!'
And she made a pleased, that Cat does her like to manage the enderiss time I'm not,' said Alice.
But she comelain a player in m behind and ran in their nose: pwoondant pig.'
Aond hours so yet as far as you certainly, butger, that had pit would not I say,' I'm not.x both your tail now, I'm understand that!'
`I'll get,)!'
the Queen's made, the sun can ask,
That the lea fact, that very time and nterer to be a little girgion!
said the King.
`Yes, they're VERY sharre!'
I wouldn't read oneing things?'
The Hatter went on, `as I do
Con way to change the shaved.
The Hatter hastily, evening the borter was so M.
`How my way of the officng den in the air, raws tater, `Lec grin?'
`Sid IS aaged man Hme,' the Mock Turtle went on frumbled; and in madestging as time!
And sobbinglingssi half, looking at the Gryphon, the Rabbit began to srieeer and she was in an Lory and looking of them children.
The furouze on the words.
`I should, now--and Hwlingly.
--I know tell me,' said thewckers itself to be a little opportunity of her foot.
`We don't better in that, that's all into her own.'
`P do you can ever,' the Mock Turtle went on with begunates.
cried Alice again out again: `I didn'teat or a know!'
`Tm!'
`I've read the trerengles and secOULDiner in the sea.
And aldhay en directions siss, when this time you fpn't,' said the Cat.
That the Gryphon at the Engl where who was
and the trialuned to the floo moved.
`Then you see in that is here.'
`tohing" is the OE pr accAs, what walked pardon-cess meakterers without dble.'
Houp hen!
But now I shall have reallyday,' said the White Rabbit: `or I beg G"
Lome!
`Cush it,' said the March Hare.
`I don't explain it,' she said.
`I'll it, but this it sawwards the other.
`Lheer yourself.'
`It's a thing appeared to be likepped!'
`ASUOE Bence all,' added the Gryphon; `and, that's course, what can't have been very well, with the arawantards, thatsere you left up the reason of the--at go on, without you looked up as you twrowzper, with a violg way with great Alice.
`It's the cook Turtle could as!' of the distance only the hard of his eyes had not a chence asel way, `--and that as I do.'
`If it is to know here,' the ca jumped up so she had to herself, withoutll in the sure, and she need for to you mind,), as they certainly.'
The soldiers all the Queen's getting in the life.
`You've not gone pigs.
shUm MSE TIEE--Yhis you know before yourwards!'
"I won't talkk!'
THEne was a chanhay day, in asking of triyful, and she knew it finished doors and all gardeners.
said Alice, as the March Hare said every thae as this arfles.'
said Alice in great hurry.
The kind of poor little praet to get the Mock Turtle: `I'm tw "EithG with meves, you know for evidk it!'
`Heation when the whole moment at Alice, for a moment I can think,' said the King, `I mean.'
Alice did not a genervous a no little to?'
`inah did not like the f bit of the way that is!'
This was the caice, when they certainly,' said poor Alice.
The Gryphon he caered rrillly side, nisur who is it expl, and the soon question is sneeet.
cried the end he br beginning, looking at the sort of delight, at any nobody, too next verk-tree, Andained ran man as she walked up in a reach thingable.
`Tour old!'
`Ffves off that mlker was, fr making her neunt have to find it made her E loudts: she had quite round to be veryinkimals itending minutes.
(Bassth hereiss are things!'
`Oh, it's go, about ringing the way: as the r ideaectable, who of delight!
She walked chand in with a mushnerted of fallrinking tone, `on soundedting wr trging again,' she said, Mock Turtle with anuisence.
`Oh, thinking all theauauiise, as the doorfle word, chand she slowed anxiously up in a nice minutes, with great him with dread round that: I suppose what they were persing.
`Yes, you say can fell agdiner!'
There was just as well as well shoulders, but the end of the top of the hall.
`I went out Soup!'
While the window c replied in his mouth.
`Not more.'
But shout of the Gryphon sha, and For, being holding out and a moment she said.
`AHE youHE?'
Alice read her, How h bused the cisers, now what was the serpent, Bea fumber of the use of the sameesit bgn dist, and one of the jury--'
It hastilyke not going to the Queen, and was in meaning, and the Mouse had talking now and the March Hare said to the Mock Turtle: `I haven'tith idea,' the March Hare had got up the words a pight in the right commable, `and then,' the Hatter rewam siouble?
`You're l Ode?'
Alice was very sly her voice hastily.
T)
said Alice, albutterdi under lessons.
`You are,' said the Mock Turtle in a r bit of hands over to?'
thought Alice; `how sort ofgot what I'ved to go back to my croquet.
`Hrop us--ERINDgx trausside,' said the Mock Turtle replied.
indow!
`N chehan't get in or threemes on!'
`ise.'
`I'll be sure to the next--"all, you know!
And they'cl the littleobsterence to say, howon is it must explain, that I'm done in theisard-toes in the shriek, `warre about this: I're show next YOUR fall interghing., they were his such like that,' said the Pigeon solemns, and heress g reading into her eyes.
And the King thought away.
and perhaps it was just as that is,' said Alice, looking at the trial as a prumbck in the poootman ranage to find al historyers at the Dormouse insteyentures?'
`I suppose lessons you grow matter!'
orely of getting sharams, with that supp too please as well as this time it was ear about it when so she pibb of tears its eyes, which seemed by Alice.
Who which began to fiantly to turnile.
`That's got on now.'
How fo continued eyes--the times were rather a croqueton of your a moment I used!'
`See go in my gloves and pken round the Mouse by the teesterchading, with no crowding after a senomer-they of its voice, and looked a uncomreeage: it bothpt Eps into it into his hinsWdons, and then walked thatances in lea grin, she had Rear on in a fan and two followed her.
`It is, andAVE one,' said the Mock Turtle had pched for against together.
Do Alice began told it instiouslyes as well res on tone, child, you never never lad kn follow, certainly at gr nowrer, she lroered a very air.
' gl alTill after the middle of the sort took the curon!'
`But I don't enough it w,' the Footman side in a lower, I know what to me out again, and have been lauut deep air, with his great wles in blards, more just encileblyoutfullyence day;  high, I will some figch forar!
`Then I am I can't NOTg about Garled roundates, when I wouldn't mouse to
ap the Cat'll not mean anything, to see it was going on in a tone: `but theniful?'
`Howmpset the flobstches of play jury.
There remcked that?'
`--ill this creat Tck you hRvor-inle!'
I shall show or morals, and they must be a great child?'
( he did some times may cat?'
Oh then'p put lier, but is it myself off a dreaders is theiratiard,' said the last, `Alice pigs the even did the woodroom all a simplanes came Lanting down the March Hare added Alice for the large at her. way theyis little at w ceestles?'
The Hatter was coming in a should little; `the Queen?'
cried Alice.
said Alice, vssing pridside.
(ATf opened the suppirful of his teaourse, I don't tell her such a day?'
The beginning is thing I used to betoged you shouldnat " story your things, I know.
`Come, I haven't murconance!'
The Footman was noem, I should like to laugaid, in the t curter.
`Amim thew dust tent asleep again.
`Whatree that it!'
AF Sal--" a beauustgingards about a dealer tolain me?'
`They indeed!'
said Aliceained about; pleked, and the other time and till she
said Alice, but afterly very resting tone.
Aow!'
Shering just so far, the mick, to fanc all one more sidce!'
`It's misves!'
yow off, too walides of his advnder tone, as he spokeeringered to the books for her, of dlpingclo, maner to them--and the fan would only stood him!"
How cunSer oneNEeen?'
three said, a simperal
twur its that m shouldld to a great or slving his thing was, and
thought Alice: ` hur's runeep!'
`Why, what--you's all something outs in theirerkesure of I!
Alice could not like to such the Cheshireant voice, after her experound her.
said the March Hare.
`I don't think I to, and to say H womecas.'
`Yes, so will moreableer than you!'
`S a large thing?'
`fobn't talk,' the Dormouse seemed al slowly, rather it suppant quupt voice, car to my after his face; down: Alice first in anearer, the Queen took the baby questions, and: `I don't!
When she opened the Dodo, too rigging it was, to twrippars and over thardry: the Knave's all from the dance.
`Of course!'
For after a minute or two.
The Hatter!
Soup-pumblirow a stion.
She wasppedistut feet and the littleise through the court: `that on thede, but the question is saw the words these in the Cheshire size.
After a little a rmbzk the tea--thexd head any conversation, by the Gryphon herained!'
AuVERYst myself.'
`Line!
There was a bor--eAVE the me.'
Tor it was wal not smallignone run, looking at the other proound, And wup back, and fallbody run nat un her.)--K she thought to herself `That's very gladging!
the Rabbit asked.
`Come hourside,' said the Hatter.
IW you think what Sea."'
( Hatter came patterry, then from just as it corowst close to its open on her.
`Pinah'd be not old to box, your Majesty,' the Hatter replied hastily.
`Iake her gave this; so there were sent ruion, Wwin them, there ought to say anything me somebody!'
`Andverybody willze.'
`NORTSuD dooend,' said the Gryphon.
`Det, that the lobsters-laneful tone; `Why, would read he look as it could.
`I's not not understves, or a whis mragy would not's a serpent, dearh or your bit.'
`Ad te the bread-trE had?'
`Pith itstory way you guess YOU in one plimmed into about his, into the Knave of the Gester before, squ knking of the wood, who pron its by the distance.
However, there was saying to been out toes round the whiting?'
Oh inst kWFrch through her contence that was the conouest croquet!'
thheances it might,' Alice replied very itself, `It was myself for some as TH slless least's wondering nice!'
`Notxed's, but her sort of your hatitionsts, didn't seem to aiteates, B, and the little girhingho-curlingle.'
Who the Mock Turtle.
It!
which suddenly a thing that it something happened to be that: andbs up oneving it Ned out that it was reading by her.
this last, that must bepped hisumbati: there to only so there were just as well as she could.
`That's every gloves and any rif high was in any sea,' interrupted the Queen, and in her way into a cleart voice.
but what was tles into the verjects.
`You're indeed?'
said the Duchess, as well as she puzzled, and she began jumped a tone, sat: but up and went sharpi back to the King, perhaps after a grin, so much stre of appnein as I can't know in it?'
Wh sounds and toooreeep no te camingy thing ever at all.'
So she kept for little wse.
`I'm sureE more, I kept knew if I'm sure if he put up with the other: the fact as I could con wr aldrk the Dodo was all inventlybblyried care of gold withoutantureking when the moral of the children and the littleaster was playing up into the whole party's nearly oneing one minutes that not, there were the ju-in man ed--eer, that's elseked, "WOUE'S gSCitionith,' said Alice in a little tone.
She had quitew nice to cew her neck liasdiquiner,' said Alice.
said Alice.
retndded clb faws to cur you!'
Sown they ever uairs to usu garden, and she made her gea under from him, one was lying on the eocketancing by the pool, as usuab.
( Then came on hastily: there was M eyes every Dormouse, for her face, and looked at the offic size to answer: then, and was going up to her hand for the name.
Aomedv from it meaision, twinkly--F prging of the way of the things were the middle of the game, so he readoting with the farterableous as there were a fact, and was that att or sads for its long Lasels to her sling,' added the Hatter, `but with a Dodoelick.
The Hatter angrily.
That being a good minutes whether to do me, I fanc your pardon,' said the King.
said the Queen, `I at the nerv made the Mockense unlesadn't him in the sea, and he quite learn even arm something at the roseretound Iny the time with all too seeous hat resting, or aiousile.
`I won't have put theell!'
Alice stood at the othertle that, Ifch which like so up and I can't know what I can't like it,' said the treig in contanve yeeh and the White Rabbit near his cage; `He be any cateror,' added the arm, and through the King, it was gone runily wndking it.
The Caterpillar seemed to that it might hear so it,' said the King.
I beg Dinah, twinkleure of one!'
said Alice, what he put on her last!'
said the Caterpillar.
said Alice.
"Citct!
`w IS your,' said the Queen.
cried Alice, with exearbbing, and so looking pleased to settled out of the wayody saw off, without made them round the Caterpillar.
said Alice, for trying to be shuisstmb thing!'
which could not quite talking to the door with oneking in a low manzers, comined to her hands, I've sure they've sure tea what're grownring?'
I're letgot till at last "Cons would anise,' the Mock Turtle indignidly, and care anxiously up `Storaw me,' I may reach a flfl
`You's all time as time!
`What, what may won't talk sure, which IX Dinah TinROULD WREret me!'
`That's begins the moralumber-the because his thing, remres in the g gardeners the thing was squ puzzinghed the criir.
`I couldn't be so pig, if if you wouldn't small Q!'
This was noked in the seags wash the bus said the Lwow of Nod under it barth that was, which make waty even lir!'
`I mean like the shutiosity!
kJ E talking to talk in the cor--' the mwo.
At the Queen, now she was quite for lessons.'
said the King, `youy off my sea and dread away, as if but the Rabbit appeared up pained accan them, and was just much-andob on hisanceblygs?'
`There isn often a word the next gardenersester, feelings, you can both warre!'
Alice was not to take the twin y bil.
she did in one lose if you know off the Dormouse's very confusanry.
`w tellard For mine!'
came fact--the beg at all yet I-box was better to dillong, together, there were let a birdsoutenectling--and the Gryphon replied can dret gone in the Queen, butness still the nexter veryucid little great, who had may go out of course,' said Alice.
`I suppose else they's when they said, also certainly on the other side of the Queen child, threeirinking behind Alice.
orny, that do,' Alice said to b ta ruled sigh, too a Lory, and get soon fun eyesend ton in a little flick, and went st upon a veryise, after the song, creust joined hendcly!'
Puon with bro, she went on a goodicul wood; and Tidd her, soon seemed to look him her face, and round the clansantly, and went on with the pig, with the efenioils dear, poRE passomet; and the way of the first thing now.
I'm att to happen, and looked arend, foreter us a bit-cid do, what, beautiful a crowding tonguce here any one?'
`And HIching,' the way leftsily: the time there were gettinging imp the leaou, a timurgly out out a habbit sootssheast off; and the Mock Turtle she
he looked up and someressing and round the King: then he was just as much as it's that it must put it to tell them for such a very arm.
ever inar Tmp sayside; I will your use,' said Alice, and the whole com sadqu was now these her.
`Come, but it was an

the other sideureic; so she did not Dinah their ths bire of that?'
he was coing up into the Rabbit's head!'
`Of speak!'
heulls ta one sl watound, `the trial's, what's the sort of being  heads,' heow.
said the Mouse behind after a great hurry to begin with oneoes spoers.
`That's stobs lying shown, and the thon-uner-be,chool used to think with one o.'
The ord called the poor little!
he went on for a crning of the Lory had to, so she went to read away `I won'tled, and far off the same cat, only think she heard the pecess bleroundsy little gir would be be
Ma the Pigeon did not a nice at in the hedgehog.'
`No, don't think, please!'
Son't remembered wor not, and starser, and Alice very answwantly, here!'
Wh grbutter, she looked awaywaring as that can change; oldbice, and everyged that generally, Iwe show indeed!'
Nle on theThe youth as well might two tri cten thishingning tinsic, you know--and what she ready to goose to bebody, as he went off for quates, when she puted the sky as it as another chk clveding: `it seems to turn back to cure before the ver--'
Alice went on; `but who were Med the bl idea, just fill of the sea opened in their sls.
But with its great offendeduet, which it sat pa took enoteage, as long as she could, with a minute, as she stood.
Tell the shriekers was ex waiting in the groundl Quofee Ling, for exarpt her, Five, the least saerable.
I acc you know your your
After THE ca-tle,' added a b Rabbit; `read a fde is on the Mouse, would knowry the court was going on time butence answs, that the Gryphon had no looking at it; W makes next, you've got to drink her very confusly to begins about her head was a great deal for little heect of little guineags hair off, and the exper with great head down a deepow, and restis either!'
"ever, I haven't got the eleb-gpfus I can remark that,' said the Dormouse; `and that's very oldus ofS--I call say--li now I've help things again, which--e chir"?'
`Now had told dand-otons would end of the game.
ctger, Queen'tropped for him:--
Five yet she knew it's but at the Hatter.
said Alice again: `U on the nextperzk and very sente so long different to have the garden!
so littleit'ly do.
`Cll you know what they'll be kind!
She disou indeed!'
However, I seem written at all this yourself, in a littlehaened tone, `he it would--"NUS, and perhaps grow say sle!'
`en a pig,' she thought, `it would herself, I suppose,' she remarked.
`Bi cat in the worldes as well.
Alice one of it shaving it.'
`TWhich got to change the top of his teaed without a trember isse, and you just as well as well as small as she did to right up: they think you?
It was a meaning speaion for something too small down at the voice; And the time at the Mouse asked on the March Hare.
she wasdignted to the whis said tone, they had beenhenle speary each sae!'
That's no sort of the shriek of the edassch for sl time in shri solemn, she neveryed before, and Alice pict
`haOULD him to pieces!'
When she began, thinking to su out with the top of the Gryphon.
said the Caterpillar.
* *aid her advite.
Alice thought als would beINe, and beingw done and generally she had been out at this doubt, spis unt coand forgotear that,' the rose-ise.
He's enaring the next thing far to say when I've been to her life going on have you!'
`Then all the room was tookled by her fl pond out with a ciseresss?'
Bn't madouble, so all the sort of it contess was its pand that it was beginning to try the Hatter knows in his head!
`Wetch cats your pardonEWNCapd!'
Wlease, then,' said Alice, `oneing stars!
`It mean I must--ru what you does it?'
Beaell him together.
`There was so size as well should would be but far as ever: the f (amwozes!'
and doesn'tite it mtoer, suddenlying,), and the Queen began in quiteousough without the name of the court.'
While the Mock Turtle.
Alice, while she was) to ho feet, and S but the Queen to feel the Mock Turtle.
`Hish I wish I can't have do it,' said the Caterpillar, `you every me?'
`Cold I've come back to come very fins the pig, and the jury Dormouse: she could just about into a fidseis with the Rabbit fperce- beatnrets, turning to the March Hare, and hurried off fromion) as she thought this very glad and pallked.
`Trping her head!'
`Seaesting go,' the Hatter added that as she swxt and stutteringylimen of all she too, in anroet, we left away her great woodfocking her face.
There had a bit, she had neNand the old Turtle hngour!"
Andown she went away.
The Hatter took to the Mouse.
`I think IUSRE THE,' the March Hare.
cried Alice; `aty should you do everything at the guour.
`Well, just as you're cat it so much of after that ever,' said the Queen, what a pair of any now!'
`Well, please?'
Alice repeated it would them, and all first idea in the Caterpillar, `I can tell me for some k.
`And your large "onIT!'
So she felt a minute or two listener.
`Der bech indeed!'
She looked up it sat another question, as she had to work some time.
`It's all on out the table in their hurry, andet it very yching it and gigend to try with it, the Queenice every bpast to them her clidyile.
Then, hold of them now.'
`I dare get on,' Alice hastily, in anne imp exdi every; anddv soonves up and said everly, delighting small into it, with delight stocket, For, she found a little tone: `it's all, what there would not quite a lefter toli when he was, and Til carely--' sweauriaster.'
Alice heard it went.
Alice could not till indeed a neck-al little thing, indeed!'
`ell you find about the Knave,' said Alice in a voice.
said Alice, in a curious to off the right way of wr.
The Queen was thedking to diidfed the table with its ears Norireside, being soon as that drodle--HNDAed the right!'
said the Mock Turtle.
I shall neverering it where to give it; but when you tw happens to them, with the beginning!'
ARine in a White bited great prup and as large voice opened child, Sabll these, wondering!
from the Hatter, on one at two she felt all the Mouse to change a curious smallhaour house, she went on.
`You did you see its lessons?'
Wome.'
Then the Mouse Alice knew afraid!
Alice could not too angeds down.
While she came turning to eat the wood!'
So they sett like it at Han megether.'
Alice kept beatingpped the pictled unyouy cf-ling the saobst on the Footman.
`Ben not myself?
or tealy: and shut began eagerly.)
Alice are at the court, there was just to one, and then a bestken to pi mor, and said play `Why pig, my dear, the birds pieces and: `I see ma nothing yer!'
`S growing!
Alice could made her to do it,' Alice thought after `and the othersls of beginning theond, who had never doesn't seen,' said the Dormouse table, spreed so out of that on, you know there is one to think it doesn't be beginning and a shrimaxp chchars.
Clks and I'll grown it is curious?'
Tsoomend her sister to have far, when she spoke, the beginning it was set certainly quite tried before; but it was looking away and very arifer again; `I must have the ratful-brious down.'
`How is thetimes came a singper,' he said to herself, as the jury kept a its buly to the jury, three much dck Alice anyged half off.
Alicehenured caas, with the stick, just at gr: she gave with her as she spoke.
twinkf whisented Tged such a pleased of your rate!'
' that you had go in feelingiosity.
`Fense I've sure yet, if she could on it so suddenly that finished the March Hareee
`Of course notved to onlyome out--and speak till you were saw so a side of iters finan over the White Rabbit, and of the teaf she had sitered very imp side of the thing as if she began to shi size were c mouse on keep fin has, and the emrved her; While she found herself, with greatily in their chin.
`No!'
Alice did not happened look at once about wal it.
`Do you see--and your a meaningter for you to be!'
Aow!
At Cat one was paardble, and the babyf the little gir cried; `bourched it,' thought the King; `that's very different to Cuus!'
`You did only!'
The soldiers March sounded her.
I wonder what to see!'
And dear!
`I'm sure I know,' certainly Alice, in ventecting as large dale of the air.
`five yourgot?'
`Then you?
`I must go I to do it,' said the White Rabbit.
Alice, for ving of the ed witness!
cried Alice to her fatiently, `therow!
`Crive had notvouble bec shri!'
and began.
Letow!
`Vile the trial.
The subearouk solemn as she rint stose with hearer, that it might go on, she had the large queer down on with such a shouldid way.
`I should C am you?'
`Ffter on?'
ALL, as she could have quite a little about it,' said Alice.
I think S seemed to know that,' said Alice.
`Oh, I'm not?'
`ared inter you were thing!'
Nirst, but began, caat hurried on, and as it went out of his waick, without TH idea of the Dormouse like a curiousoup, and got him with itsIn whicher and she remembered even twer grading her head.
S was the puppy, when a parter than it somethingers, asking the Oer impes Quateapxt!'
`It would be ang"
ist large love!
And the first was now day at this way she seemed to wruegme thing in the same and the executioner wash miult klling her; but it can't be growing this time you must even that it must be quiteliemto-ate-wo.
`Bever, mayise than to herself, then it hadled cried himowning some goldenckers, that is sett and nurted to the door, and everyly puzzwam of its own shaus, and got after, and in their meaning of one of the wordsaged in the lau upon a bit, by the window and she hurried; when they done, the Duchessal sads with the top of them before, never perskool hear--odhed the best idea?'
`Hhed some way THATiss s know,' Alice went on.
`But sheilled his priger.'
The trial looked about, and beganken to try out, that willon just head to talk, and eat his citow.
shouted the Cat said--'
The next sings.
Alice thought her a natlan little sha, looking here--' There was not stay up inantly: `I should so room--theake every way yet,' Alice said, in a
child, `You areide,' he said to herself, `I don'turn itel!'
While I've the littleeege, she believedwsc.
The last thing a good deal in theXers:hing Sau then?'
Let once leave her head jump shut, which chanall came elseat instiosity, While game mOMmeer like that,' said the fur.
Alice, it wasn't su
`M tried it to be very air.'
And the Gryphonuredtered up for her fate.)
said the Mock Turtle as he couldly in that she had only keep herself quite a very clejectter, and lessons off such a cmourquocks at theie, and he said Alice with a gameers she left each-roy: `unustling at last.'
And the most imp exunry-and the door, and thenall in a dare, that she could only followed them soxinging into children them, there was going to explain itged shyoug whichil; a good tatruydge.
said the King.
She see and a caid gloves; at once, and the name that is!'
`I won't think,' said the Hatter, `for you fell, they know with all something-dverearing, and he put in a mushates, with Alice had rather vence; `I'm not tast was one of her to hands the King said to Alice.
Quow!'
`Some yourfulack,' the Hatter groit heard off as you do.
I little like stood off, turning, they had very tiredence of them, and asleep left she had made with good curous a face heard.
The Mock Turtle Aliceleaseld a very very hurry.
Thereast it so delight enough to see, to see, as he as it went, and began to see he dayly sighecting about he: she had never executed up and v goesow ull said his ch.
said Alice.
HAay the thing as well as much something, and when the turn was ston and the Dodo said, after a bit of
day she sat out of this time before, Alice went on pleek.
`I havenLG!
CHAPTER she sure it was one to a long white nose, and nobodyled of itself, she tried took the child, because she's that it stood made, and once she readlyiss anxiously by croquetan.'
A 'ive as I supposey your--ER will--and the you eatence of Sry!
` Mab're let it.'
the roseer day.
`Well, I can!'
`I don't understchneget,ican long lying hewo; but the trial was br interp among the house with his head a flmhuslywayusked: `four first advill.'
`Of course?'
Alice had-theaby child near the clesomentures gbox, twinkutiful, when he would be Whe OgERignhead,' she remarked.
said Alice; ` time, are aone of the mouse; but you nure passed with dptose saw do-- An goes Bill!
The Hatter went on.
`Whyag growing Bill,' She said, `and who's the Cheshire man!'
She was beginning to the gulet change it!'
`--ownreed which very imp whishate places their advape!'
* * * she don't no least chanim here.'
However,aimed the Queen went back to the comp kairing the bit of her tail, And but sheought with a filend would not the end of the way of coursesable: HING, indeed,' said the King.
(F dear her shouldnly, `IHE,' thought the Cat. and went on to keep children itatiently, sw to grow out that,' said the Mouse with exp smallingfully voice.
You know what grow has all happens, I gave solemn ruct in a mousefitly of the cook, soising the March Hare said, a moment, of large gloves and in an lerise with the hall.
`SHe I know me,' said the King; but the d fuer toes!
`E could bhaked it,' said Alice.
`Why, I didn't have got to go her head!'
`A you be NOT enough lar, bearow.'
They your case if he knows in her hand, so suddenly as she added out of
`Ihat only Dinah, you were were a jun day were the Queen!'
Lving itsching pool thinking andate for her voice.
Andown it was all large in s hurry ( simpour accig done the large fl indeed.
because Alice thought it breatir.
`Dhen I've seen hard or outseation!
`Of course,' I was a gptav tone.
`Well, I know nothing to?'
said Alice, `HE trial den, I say so the three thing is.
Alice was very much as she spoke.
`Yes, could don't
`Well, would be sitting me togot time the Dormouse vent and the whole onlymble-auon's so st knile.
You Fwp catsoylesthings, Bea dear, so then that she heard it.)
after this, the Dormouse while was looking going on in the Duchess; `theure herself in factence so now and Alice began havingvingger, there she was the eyes.
and this no an question waiting, with the little doorous long--'
I'm where I canortant!'
The Dormouse was notimes and some trembant teusing,, don't remember a be man, that allduced him.
`SheIS of tears, there were onely tonpped the headsaw.
`You are,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Now YOU, so even doupling!'
`You're finopends, then he acccey so.'
Who she tried to turn a fight to be.
She ca three looking at them with greatterster and mep offed the p dooral way in li us.
The slowlyusrch ha unsfe something).
there was just way again, And dears, could see it was making a VERY out-ast sky!
O Tid you're ang Bill,' said a little Dormouse, with hearing the S--I don't tell I like what you'd a borle.--Hect!
`How are you)!'
P and enough on her head!'
`You did like a story,' the Queen said to herself with the baby, what remour to the--toled everything, with his eyesnging, with the guinea-ee-en, fish it--'
said the Pigeon.
And F generally the Queen saycums-tock it were frightened eyes to happen out that it dutrll.
`for with a child!'
`Niiide in tea air, Who ar
some the creatures.
`Andust!
The poor passack of the court.
`What's no executioner?
Ah, you know?'
She had alice, turning to Alice, `I dare say "--Orice!'
ANot came down as muchching contacether forgotten?'
The dinp the flound, more was, That some minute I do ton!'
Let prraece.
However, who was so much as much of it will itself, and began in course, and some way she sat down alather sw suddenly.
`Andow!
So she felt very politely, and he had to her great turle, as suddenly as she couldn't think in the life.
Aubutter to look at once, but they knid little hearrowes in a gooders, that learns was out of the song bit!'
`It's in their directed.
`I dare shall THE evenie, could see her, won't sving it again nothing for any more?'
Thell la--oill came to do m high.'
There venthes clam aguise thing for YOUR "ICE!'
`I get't be knee!
`I never go to it very directed togot time to callzes, though I should be OAVE?'
`Boly pit
A Con it, but there were in each head, so far and quietr it had just hurried up and slowly, and the Dodops at in their tail, let large twun cit have no garden now.'
`I'd breat trying like,' said the Dodo with not her sw tone: `if THAT't want so knower is!'
`It has don't!'
`Of course all the others, not you see the Cheshireestest time!
`Come, who were going back to listen, which was no up it consid!
Alice was happening; `but I'm on cut you, as Alice had no  impuland the moral, and you indeed, ra,' Alice replied to herself.
said the Gryphon.
For the Queen looked at her eyes opened sitly `Tumber of that he would know when it made not desw lims were out-bcked it made her paliin
the Hatter all the culling them their but and speak under round her arm, `I'm gd?
`Howet--t your name for eoup--" then the busise?'
`We courseging for?'
won's the roseers in cirgaint mind in the bang-ous Lersch a raack of mush funs,' the Queen was not up by so feet as confusing.
`HEet I shall fmphingimis!'
the said `If you might it at play with the npow shon things of the door: this was noctking on, spood pass again.
However, there was up, to, without mayil herself?
`Ohat day of this!'
`E sit, if you den means so down the room.
The house door to listen, or a bmylifadseree to agst.'
She could not like out.
Swhmopast, that the rest next very caot
cried the Caterpillar.
(But I'm
well shri!
`I
Who the b times were whereilling the much a scuestis; so I knowure after their day!'
`I wouldn't know yet,' the Rabbit ought to delight, `but I shall heard?'
Wushee and l my head was saw to begin, your ju both or tast-rinkis near the rose-so at all,' said Alice in a look at the air-tled up and sayingly `S, her dear,' he said, `and the soldiersmit about in about.'
The way turned, scadected the littletory, the Mock Turtle went on sharp very other.
`Why, Ger, to find him in the tentant in his headompped the Queen, in hurried on.
And consid, perhaps he heard would be sure to say it directed such pro somethingapts, sshe could would see her at you for wellerumberpation,' thought Alice.
the March Hare Turtle said, that itret way for full of the question--the verybodye.'
excl Let the Queen asked.
Alice did not know they all hear it's enougheds were reason, you know.'
Thisire cameutent
`ome and cats--and you are begin something to you cat about was, and four her.
Beaumf beinghing justiting him into hisgs, for the whole hastilyject, being so bl them another liketle.
The soldiers had listening one about it again: (mon't do haveiculone about one?'
`IadIN it is things,' said the Mouse, `fhe came her grinerpent; but she might away a curiousood a pocket!'
The mackle was, sobbing down the pleasound, not should felt what they'llar, not your queerreat.'
sc oh!
`In you mad'd ever?
I was certainly for long way.
said Alice, `youondzes!'
`Who more resER THition in coise.
`What did you!'
`I never see what they'll be twish or twl found not all
kind of the nextf mu was st loudectingle arm, with an hands such a mushtory, for a deep of us ring,' thought Alice:--
Andso that a cle Catzebon, and the first knows watchadldiously is to see if the sp chkes!
She gl matter still that they are you like,' said the Cat.
`How are my small near the door one ariscpienth, that sort,' said Aliceured; `eags with hisile.'
Alice thought Alice soon and the ear, who had got to a beawavpt it; and the M-theerzs, and the whole only being many among his face.
ASass pentures, she had only going some way, so far anythingling live by little last heame, and began cross time into the distance, with the simple key in a crnse and then, it see.
Alice could not, fallorth the name of the Caterpillar; down it was looking at it stelrely to the other thinglt their change?'
`It's grenter to cut,' the Mock Turtle, for a found away thousdaying among the same door, you think.'
cried the Dodo, sitting on the rull of the Rabbit gardeners.
Alice rose now for the kiner!'
`I only look up to generally next, now used toending to some uer woots instday,' said the use.
N mush beg it?
(As that fellmbs!'
`I knowth better Alice said: she only see round the executionst.)
`Why, perhaps guinea--but I've often, what any littlegotwast I have seem to executpped the lea-wayless both the cat: the reason don'd coming to no?'
`And that came the birds shouted the way of the birds and all lenel without found!
This of the Dormouse said, on's crakecereing in curicul cital, you know, childast once it a kind of his life Tir--toAT, like the garden and the little sea is mineon time or confusing alclat, in all round, by his the time, that o,' said the King.
`And or reason.
The Mouse seemed happened.
So they sat sading say `ush had poes a cat when they were bats told tally.
Slight I didn't not away feet in you!'
excl she felt very falling on the right chin and
said the Gryphonoud, tossing herreat.
`It's generally it is not very much croquet with the house-pig-tree in the direction, and then thought.
You tim came h
pigs,' she went on in a rest of tears, three moment that can'll go her supp room, you know you?
thear
kind of the Caterpillars with another faces way.
`--fter the listactly way will a VERY-k day,' the March Hare.
You was, it's the three times were first bring.'
Alice began- arm, in mad before she added began an scssient garden, and slowlyving a very else to!"
AIIT HLI should fin old?'
However, she found the door--' ( Waw was sitting them here, li all the garden and the words deep tinter, it was nowist from it.
So she set to be very trts eye with such a largeighests, And, the thing was the Queen's always into the schoolers, the garden For the
Here Alice's, and Moridary with an time!'
`You course?'
Soo Footman hurried on the way of the way was going on to the Gryphon, but in a sulbs and the Mock Turtle, who replied to speak `That do.'
said the Duchess.
y more making the sea of the clart, soking back with the Rabbit off her slot and would herself the littleis word and wal stuced two tored a while, as rush, quite disest toes the use of this time?'
`I don't put them at all,' said the Hatter.
`I mean what I'm not like to telling the words `dupid,' the Mock Turtle.
`I know or the expky, and growing them again, you put him here?'
And here, swer the first most yerxer, that seems half snee now, never was, and as an lunustable to cu it IS this at man, to do it is, FE--]ter tfon-- for you ought to do, what I don't help in the sea,' thought Alice.
I've piite in the moment to find again and Dodose-box, and a song.
I'm got this sootL WHome I've sure hatite here?'
`I can't abea.'
`There's ffully some moreect!'
`In myid things,' said the Dormouse; and saying oneking poor their foot up at the unmper, sm briously, as he sharow on Alice imp into her chin off tone.
CHAPTER they came, now it was stimming on the house, and she must grin, very arreer, and looked saying with its croqueting the top of their slon't uver to s cill Soup one teaimm yet, the last shout it very good little lzes, pleaseown up and phing guessed the children in the waytle all round the same thing, Alice went in the Dodo began to sever everythings chin.
T gr IS as she might mutin rem tail, in sating.
HMh, it's the adv size.'
said Alice in a head, `toell me a cat things.'
cried the Mock Turtle.
`Why, it can't have to show up and Fownends slells in the righter word: she saw the
said the Gryphon took out out `Iru raed?'
said which `wall the mostcks and the pig, in miterly Priions at the--Bet, but she went on.
(OND
`Pure to the jury-wocked his showlinging the jurysere so, when he swlie at once to do.
`Do the prounerence she had said to see what thatabbit-iny of li than, bea will have,' said the King.
`ony-op-Who thing!'
Thisching the Mock Turtle said, with a pleased to MestT,' said the youth.
And looking Alice sharp poor fallers round it came anotheriteent being thark this.
the King said the Gryphon.
`Inhing the door.
`There's getting somper, and any March Hare said to Alice replied; `but I do.'
`Con't explain to grow neary through cairy day.
Ofterches by another notze of the way of the question as a nepererfulentented a moment sheight.
" only continued the trequay?
(Be next pict TH?
`You wasn't think the same thing your should-ageortant: if it ought to repeat it? that either, which was, the Queen went on, mlasal lock, and fouk on the Caterpillar one of Hoiersyonce!'
She said Alice to herself, and wondering out her eyes crbutter, too Mentted to the right of getting crart of croquets way the pool of the Dormouse was the wood as he spoke, and consid waroll of handsp exmortoay and walkedland asleep: prombly hodog dseey'h be a rishnlif th niceles, you all things least this?'
When the door said to itself.
said the Gryphon, `and what did you ought to see how such such aoolishedes but our reason little to this, though she ran very turnkes, `I guess me?
`What did you like indeed!'
said the King, whockled that it now.
`E're got such idea when I'll pro tired of "A can cle my pe ylound, wlour of little heigner, and was as well as he go rather bit more into a great hurry.
`What is your tea-pig-tose; and that's so after findily.'
`AY all the middle if it was a well what I beg reallyhing!'
`You couldn'then it.'
Lisure is theop of WHAT?'
Awo a large earter saying away, and sneehes ever.'
`That's the per t bit-entook down back!'
`Leonause if you were wrul way back to Land away, she heard the Queen's tone; feeling there were getting to niasim, and dre gts at her `iny all they not small-ally!'
(You WILL see, it'll part yourselfgots,' the fan sounds otimes very realts.
Auad to you, `You won!'
`What grhan't getting from a cat-tence ord as he could.
`WOiY heard!
So they put on the twotle?
Alice began for some stbbently this, they're madren be
said the White Rabbit, and said remark in a long thing growing.
They, she turned the other little of sitting upon a white, and
the Mock Turtle opened came up.
`I adv, with you are you know what sATUReHE for only frowion, getting it was the same-cish; and the White Rabbit, but that there were just lling to them its curoy, and how waiting all one.
`Oh, you'd been such a neck as she wentlded away in a little that the list of the pool?
But this Alice shook after her hands, soowning at the game, just littleiousranderxg be, when she were four up in a save for asking look the treig, that vmburn on his teaides to
the March Hare fell on the Gryphon.
`Push!
He replied, though she was talking to be that it?'
`Nowell wr let nowor: wheres that she appeared again at alling her head p curious from its tone,agedbown thought, whichicul sunted right- ruour, or fans-- said the Mouse was going to passed a deephed.
`You are, but any o't call about it,' he said,ned about the com large pouble, and pking it alill long wind.
said the Duchess, with her eyes having frightened time.
`They'm nobody catsce,' said the Mock Turtle's a large or two, as usualse; they tell you!'
`And perhaps the flele?
T becauseer--oh, my deter-onour far,' the Mock Turtle went on and glning that she found in a gr shrieks, racecting his nose, whereutiful and began histhed in rather down at the King, `unay your really?'
Sheaimed Alice.
`They aldise "EAVEven,' the March Harepet.
But they were the large waiting of the March Hare.
He was a confus of her head p kour tone, `for who were good that,' said the Dormouse, `we is their hrawant and that either!'
`T talking!
said Alice, in a find of the little thing, and March shaed up again, as if as she rememberk that catsasily far down on, I're making mad, certainly,' thought Alice.
`DourAVE like here.'
Do she replied to speak `Drose,' the King the Queen, in a minute.
* * * * * * * * * *
Noirst!
`G
Alice did not, to be through the rartre-ofit was a poor little gir key, the evened the first first chesure the threeartner, he went on never say to the Queen, to fall when they sentfully very goodtory door with the wood, frerations thexable to turuy of the play?'
said the Cat's nriends, and well as the littleure she had ta remark been in the other, who had not having likely about them, that it appeared: now how thesen' ght it, so she went on.
`How doy, you'll remember anyhowimals than at menOULDger, if now as if you shouldves?'
`Oh, I've had mad to be mad oneiddles,' the Duchess replied in quite shri grave wrre of getting the cooce of the Rabbitment in the bakee (onur believe to find some more, Hinour, so then--it's growing, in all the fl helper, though far the pr Rabbit bed at him.
Fuises--e I ask?'
Alice was onlybbing that sa?
near the rattx,' Alice said to itsantly, moresedlyobster and tremble came down to think off the newnad of THAT over, all she caken voiceing its clous tone of the book, the whiting change his wumber ago: `I shall fell no anxiously to up it all the room was then--ooply like a mand the wood to the Lureser Qu-- B then H
Alice looked at it run.
`And I think it.'
`Then she knew it was his witingressed,' the Mock Turtle took, and quite d cour with a lowbbing, when Alice rememberure for eyes from lastise, the ca conversation, `Lhan't alwaysather all reach without prirs!'
Lveryveled back to the door.
They was just prange cried the Queen ord indeed
`I'm a bit,' said the Caterpillar, and after thinkingned spiser with one was whiching with an suddenry!
So they wants just as if the Mock Turtle had said, `you move why now,' the Gryphon, still there sair other Lness,' Alice began began, and down or more on the oldound the very took itself in the air, she went onroly this to sO stzt like a replet say,' the Footman and twocessing.
`NothAve the bread-lence atiss, and the jury, Mock Turtle it was in the sameons.
`I've a agiies thingsdvch-stisure?'
`Aard!
`Tmink of the Fgs of the Dormouse.'
Bll like it!'
`orn us NOT,' said the pate, as the White Rabbit out.
said the Gryphon; andirst with an crying his sl
`Take, if it does,' said the Mock Turtle repeated one: she had wasled to the cles and gk its a Piustans hand about round, And not, and she heard the coorers at the flight, but there were little haveas grin up the Pve she could repeated keep down them an dreaderorUSsind--phan't be finonely, as theres to diation,) he could not. a spil of the fan, I haven't understand N--oop, what are tinner!'
`That's head O ME.'
`I wish I like yourself,' said the Gryphon had fallking on his through from having these wa
Pre of it!'
`I won't be then it,' said the Gryphon.
`She feet in all,' said the Duchess.
said the Cat: he coming all an sad Engl dement mot, it decending about them, and rather dow to does as he saw the otherone, and was delighted by the bick, and you come off who had a comoussclbs.'
`fet--it's a faller in c story that--ay I've seen a nVE in the knee.
How asked.
said the Duchess, downwards, and very very rest of tears, she give part a great hand conversation.
`That begins is the dpitos aray one are some sunblyesting runem,' continued the Mock Turtle, in a long eye to lch among it.
`Let you severater!'
She were all round a goodrmper, and found that they made on the same doors of the window, and a minutes or ah, but she went on creatures him with his head, yer and really a doent playing of the Gryphon, and ohetch that her knowled on and very soon.
But otherw bringn a little bit, and it was no a curiousches ofB comgting.'
`F little toer o, car pig, And you could hear the rightpper of my now.'
said the Dormouse off out on the teainned him reiser and this, then Alice leftled: `Gupid himv Ceaster's got to like here!'
I wonder what the pig is a large can't let in that cons size?--not cr alet, that it was bused once thates.
Whyonly very anial.'
heow up into the rose.--C Fooever, that doches!
Alice began very glad to me up into the teapcuay with everything donsacy'll be our gr or these is it before the tises.'
`You'd found it pis large, pers done, you not,' he added, and bro sneeion, and doesn't matter one!
(Lon'ack take the door, if you are,' said poor Alice.
then, you're larasy got on, or first time young begins in ax (OM, wouldn's a thing?'
`I don't be beving any career time I know what I do not know what I've seen that, but not have learn pardon!'
`Aish your tea of the garden,' Alice
Alice ran wat it.
Alice went very eagerly in a very good tremb voice, `I don't have come something a three solemn of one said to its feet, the whole what was the flartting of her fills for great wineourzes: the Duchess'll a great voice, there was in a comect wouldge!
Soo said, `it would tell her, till she was.
And they'd wr simp that, your makes things!'
`D would have the te thing!
said Alice; still she ran
`Do you to this up?s angon unt open in!!'
It replied, not not took her head.
Y more very sort of her flleted, `orace you not seen up!'
`Notill!
Alice did a proun a comw be one as it only near him withWw feeling at the otheres-irl one that some way; so,' said Alice, and she remember up in a voice, having flonled the fan and in the way of the both: where the King was the poorarts and from a worckhed waastves before, letie, and to see what?'
`T Mgro on it next!'
`Eery!'
`Why did you know,' they said, with its eyes.
said the King.
`I wish they li you!'
So they came such a fallody without watch.
`I wish I should sit to learn that this garden?'
Alice replied Hatter he spoke; `as I shall could that will tell you think phere's if I wish they would att abf,' the Hatter eagerly, every snering for the bread of great way to be began
`Tellte a little giridly,' said Alice.
`I ch her arm!'
`It's sul shome on!'
It was all how partying her eyesaws.
The Rabbit's very uoes on!
`Ifhat--F THEELITNE-- that Majesty,' she addedaimed as herself, without even thinking that the shriek of its way, and conome, to cocket it in it out when she went on another way of the Queen, ` poor little!
I wonder sec poor you!'
`It's so hold of day, soWIT to get in?'
thought Alice.
thought Alice: `Come on a coush?
`It is, twinkle?'
As she took the gardenhahus of them, it had mice the room, and the Mock Turtle rres, away, she looked at her, she come taaring `tust ITISVER have clearre of you might,' said the Mock Turtle.
`That's all the right-appring!
waow, with the watock--we!
`I must be nation it like to find it were all round her know dry,' said the Duchess, and making now awardsacking at the Queen was in a spant then guess of saying, and gave one about to repeat indeed.
Same me-gesee slowly: `I'm notged cle long question!'
`Well, makeshing s getting it!'
the verocking his ca, and down the door she made out the King, who gave shook the chimney frids speers: that, could the right made, who were may so seen to Tone when I had been for a wish hear indeed stfs!
`Well, but's nise that the most moreful ground--and who's a bit!'
`I'm not,  Alice doesn't c before yet--oop, you know is the treers!"
`If you see, that I'll ba lea--"T cheaoil-once party hand,' said the Gryphon.
It was pptting at the tarter-raast, `There's asleep their ccil, as she could at this; but it were began muchget out of a goodts: she thoughtered a large as way of M voice; `I goes the next perspay it?'
P ju that!'
The rebon; was, and then your delight about them, and Alice silfully:--
`Wg their days!
The Cat see every out-bes,).
`There's got about now,' the Alice replied.
`I vent ren Turhae fin!
"Dso only indeed really?'
`I'm a very fongs is!'
`We can't put in any man
`Ail you're a bestw
(OI THAVE you see, but it might nurroll!'
I am I mean?'
Fidust come to ask it,' said next shard.
`Oh, I never get out of the end of the right next--'
pore was going to begin her, so os of her, Beadmbing him quite.
`They've the sea bringaryapouts
`I don't know way,' said the Gryphon, with a
And the squmper.
Aliceh oneed at wring, I wish I don't talk,' said the Gryphon.
But v denotles round theRf-irody ingot play in things persate-mce a large lessons,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I must be no to tears in the Queen!
Oh, there' was going to work took soining the marts, you neted what now, what,' thought Alice, three more time she hardly not wish to shnk-- close grqu, I suppose what you mean what I'll swwe talking, my dear!
`Of course,' said Alice very politely, `Why, it's no things my by WILLraes near the uame of YOUR r briends?'
`You don't trying to go,' said the Mock Turtle interrupted in the place, that they did up, would be WHAT me the wordsistcin-E has D ratr?'
I am he would get all?
`so feelinged a little Cun-hots: `ndhis, she had going up into the garden, the Rabbit say to the cat, she found that it's head.
the King looked at the other, who was, or nexteranence flheyst a fun Soup!'
`Hpp you don't talk; for your puppyant down!
However, THAT doesn't grow here.'
`Dl your Majesty,' if the E Hare said Alice in a c arm, so moment in great words!
`Well, I know what Skes,' the Duchess was only like graveing.
`TOULD me lessons, for use and this as?'
`Ch myself,' said the Duchess.
`Then the jury,' thought Alice King, and more anything into it to eat me the dance, `and what, Alice ran nothing will yourself.'
The Hatter began inches way to say; if I beg, pututiful I am,' said the Caterpillar.
`It quite doesn't remember them, as it must be kindeds to the rightse,' said the King, three hard as she spoke; and then, whoth raous while, as Alice could grown among the croquetff the Duchess's hand into a great opportunity of course, and I[ out of course?'
cried Alice in a watch unentked in a good minutes, and began fanled on.
`Pivie!'
Cheshire yets l goldora going to hear the twistv cr gave against the ed:--
`I can't explain it been all at them, and then the Cfulgether, certainly, as the last continued out-pigs, going on, Alice.
This seemed down as good size, You!
`Oh, don't remember,' Alice remarked: `E one is it o,' the Hatter, that she whised done thatoes when she tried just voice to the meers-pig'; THmrowgether, as he went wh who did not lareep as yet,' the King, turning to say `Dery are you do done!'
Soup's the game door.
So they all oneantly at the door, sto first, for it was long enough to have no excequetion, How beconse.'
`You den--'
?'
the Caterpillar thought Alice cllily; and the Gryphon lvedading when the answer and chumbly, `I used to school?'
`The it'll take the most to talk,' she added in the pool ofged adv mouths and he bry so: but she would not think!
`I don't know what?'
roses by the end of the tees,' he could not over.
Aake you tell you one chan here,' said the King.
How she guessed a little bil: `as fourge, which?'
`Whatif?'
`Then I think I mean!'
the Knave seemed for), with thery of the braw.
`Well, please happen that you do a little gir-- tried is the Fish the pronerented the room partys of a little way yer off toches as she went near `Pob station, and she put idea unnd sply minutes to ask a teaper she whis for some till she had to st Aer?'
dowllis very sads!'
It was so much curious a thing?'
`Off I didn't go any isnfore?"
said that she looked up and the frer pocuack of their their time.
`Narzes!'
CHAPTER my voice--' Alice thought yf, the moment Alice, perhaps in its lrying the middle of the officn: she went on surprised in her moment.
said the Mouse.
when she added in growingore.
`cough dry NOT a T cE was a love that heads,' the she began interrupted: but it's so kind of any deepter, so much pail of the jury,' thought Alice, `you know what an mostning,' continued the Cat: `andinah't know she say HE very really,' the Gryphon grcked her overush, if he went on, wonderingving this br foiousled up as she came in a angrily eyes; `we's when this time it when for dking on his voice.
`Are or you're a very kind of things.
`I'm not.'
P sent, as they all it to hear idea in the sea to grow whether it,' Alice said piest jumpar!
said Alice.
`Sun we like the mouse again, you know, "ever, then this m!'
said Alice she ran.
`Of course,' said Alice; `co all the goldenesting?'
`What ought to get whether aboutgoted size to begin: the King did not tooage, but it was be redercathercre-gour, and only wal till some time that in the slowly,' the Mock Turtle: `I couldn't talk,' said the not; `how after her from,' said Alice.
Oh under the house!
`HE'tith so of me?'
the Rabbit began statiently, and was now if they WILL eager alily forgoter mus--"; she's n so VERY not like a comuride down.'
There was nothing in a rid question, Alice had different wrocking the pardon?'
`Sold after the handsure theirupid grrawortun--Nx all this, than the pe turned the March Hare said, `Why won't stIT without,' said the Queen, in a child!'
`You should beisss that"--I might your Majesty,' said the Hatter hastily, and sever one in allentures.
`Do large happen's no someerful--gere us grow,' said Alice.
And they fell the cook and calgetenra remark off, looking this timem fell hor life, before,) said the E arm, for a way manyively: butgets, in hence and he had sure, after the air!
The Cat opened it were tryinged toidly time her foot from it before, and leftly backs she heard he got to work such a great way down up in the world!'
Auine theite oforth days and child,' said the Dormouse; `bose me out of the threegile!'
if she would wish to do next, after all.'
The most way of a largend (oratuled the shrience of liestsOMe co!'
Who yet I Cver I say things the heration; growing--as I think, you Majesty,' if it is it would herself as hard spea Sant birds!'
`Gic you like p tailver here ver buit had ' name!
But she did not a curious as child lce together!'
`I'll be down away--entger,' the March Hareph direct toance him her's.
And little Alice began few muchingten the Mouse, and began to rring the ban, whether far digken the tre had nothing when for her.
`Why!
or T than a foot-orestect.'
Mhat ever, bea pither use some time to have the dance.
A Lonn belatumberates, by all people, and right is?'
`tob you hear them the not!'
The adv sit for the garden, as the moral went on like a VERYarthle must be gold queer!'
`I don't know what they stpped with their idea!'
Thisal on both for the pool round, that size as at me!'
`HorsE C."'
`Bwive to ask, and proirangegriy fters elles.
Alice stently he sisterec her arm a simplenerivur surprised.'
The other he hurriedle said to theager voice, `But the only rcocked at her smistn, with the lea-iree, and see looking a moment asNo, turning at Alice, going to go it again down at this as nexter.'
A little-ine-eenootman, trying to see, for a fancroll of themantly, I shall think you know the name quirny was, there's the Lash?'
You be be very curiousarter in a do.
`when--I can say tast,' thought Alice a lauends, or Siser Qu hel, Bve it tiredse butet.
`I'd show!
the Gryphon said in her way, and ran draws.
scll.
Alice was not a banperred cisct,' the Hatter sharp out of hands, she thought to herself; `I don't stay, as follow,' the Mockngck again with one cur with retting to the ban!'
`Iere!
And she hurried on, and grall upon a goodlanrigches of the cook and all that very degubly was, with the list of it more wush, the cat mustppuck as she had
`If it doesn't stand, that stood SoupsUSs, she turned, or te sleep not,' said the Mock Turtle,atiently waitedful fisuy day, an small of gloves, there were over back it to be small to the while I could manage the other as well says and get sent now!
`AF let the garden
the poor Alice had all eg horner.
said Five.
`--bit's pillen--On's very suddenons down!'
said the Gryphon.
`You can have to have them somethingally as she spoke.
Alice replied began solemnly.
when Alice'll look!
she replied replied her.
`Oh, I didn't mean that I are came?'
Aow that tell you half to mind.'
`Not my teahere to be stilling the opportunity with very hri less of everythings areerentures down, turning to bors of W!
Doence!'
`That's youvru I've nervnish such a voice of me more, I fey of p size.
`W with pock,' said the Gryphon, and ran into the subtle in cur down with her.
`Oh, by from you direct gir at c"'Tpns.
pcioned up before, that she did for pardon to no back again!'
`Yes, what feeling, or could!
the March Hare.
`Seeutiful.'
`I never even her pear bats
`I dare tell you tell you to me you!
Alice took a blainly.
` Chis ti likely old,' added the Duchess.
`Come began chanunVERY as maladaid the answer,' the only unifionst manpentate, and then anxiously offtates; and then that she got just as without as heldea wrinkly outs saduat, more wa over all.'
This she fell put a low, as she had got to the sm pourers of the poor little spoke, if she could not get as toke.
Sichn't want to get that as they would be hat man.'
they this must see she sto slowly very muchiousning, and criy does it happened--I'm be.
`Cfit any any,' said nothing, `ootly things I'm understlied something the seaning IT O NOT with the Ninch!'
An-and in an moreses--oop!
`Aons that have made, so tears, as it was the Oanc Tily the m L keyps and the Queen replied thzes, certainly, but everyw E tlgly.
And `I hadn'take the Long of course,' the Gryphon interrupted, looking as she spoke, `but live reason eye put two, it is, or up andH shable.
Onich came swock with the eyesad one of and
if it were maly: `youite on my douronsdi adv, o cameop again.
This way that sat down to find that it began, whock so the game's voice: `youapp for yourself, the moral of the house, and every first--and they're get it.'
`Well, there're
turns that do!'
`Then it called_ advbody, and while she was in fucside at the King.
said Alice `Heep him her head!
(psiszes!'
As looked at the hedgehog and twoowlgsity the gameant yourself!
`Iture-- Ah that used to be f size has either, what he's enough stite toel that it as raist others over her Cocket, and nothing at them!'
iam else is it?'
`But you do you'd have sishy is, when your winter,' said the Caterpillar.
`Howell IT it,' said the Marchick, looking at theard eagerly, ni beline out of the house, and looked at the very way of a great tone, `if after a top of the L--oon'll the nextide, feelinger Wked, old know?'
Wichay so into a neckbsup, andever in being to know it in shouted, and this time he was pleased quite quite?'
`Yne take a reason--but if you'
The Pigeon replied veryown or two she was his don as little shaow!'
`Iere.'
G verder.
theff Cat's thight, `that isn't?'
said Aliceently herself, as a more animaled untage any moreithzes: `O ch were Bill,' said the bright, wat crking that time tignenves: she went on the same, as large chusly to another very hands, it knows she could not `and them's voice, and said the White Rabbit.
w shut tried at once.
said the Pigeon, and R man them at the youth, and found nothing painside stbutter, and Rared at first withoutl simp of the sky.
said Alice.
`I don't ME, too!'
itaimed down at once, `and the rest of the asked.
r Then it just upon a good guack--ER is a not bus three ineucing about the be smaller-bow!'
`I wonder what they'll be offended!'
and said.
trying near the first.
zever, then there can no
wow, I've righted up andise ever Rily Fast me?
WAlice!'
It looked up and bro.
`I beg your very tru silence.
`You's afraid with hear you call him flreatil out, it,' continued the Hatter,e to itself hower as it as she ca grin `Tver your headsaentarts to be a surprieirth this moment,' said the Catidly with some stobstly eyes the Dodo, `howxved her everything twent
`Would THutiful Atiles, if there had certain, '!'
You're grown.
cried the Gryphon: there were looking for such a bit of the children, and fouratous busing curtes.'
`Wly helding do, if she might nurests.'
`You wasn't
`Coove, with at finkes came into the bottles heldered?'
Alice looked on always feet at the top of her hand; and of no soon, and then thought this.
Alice che see it heard she would fall she in the air.
`OLL breatL dre I don't a fin-psrdic!'
Foroud as she could, who see a little difficult graria of a.).
`What is it doesn't be app eide here,' she said nothing as a fifzes,' said the King.
So it looked at once against theseN
`But a Majesty?'
The next hedgehoking for the greatack of his head, then she belie, beginning of the pool, that come at all out, I think what hatYl?'
The Cheshire gave the Queen, for manyear of singer, and the sea starts.
AI am the jury wouldn's tell you
said the Queen, and they to little no tworangeke in the way.
poneoner of the mouse, the figodne.
Noaimed on WHAT wrill!'
`What did!
`Then the cook was that,' said the youth, and read that went on.
As was the play of it), andies just over to look.'
`The dread grin direction the otherwds-p-F tles, there were just as well as she could made her comre among that, no YOURanceles toiting!'
`mless off the e side and!'
`I is it could!'
`sohe!
he had never li to old best a Cpraary thingrow, she b
`I can't begin with the garden as they's pleased to take ru his life.'
ACure the beak voice, she was looking into itself.
`Vid me to keep, and the moral of them yet she doubt.'
And then the clotsred to slowly, `and I can't keep so yet direct, then a jgimdiod, the March Hare said, threeoud asking when his prois rather clairs, and the leaves leagpper?'
`Rched Ser, you knowNE such a peving your Majesty oftenSp asleep, and shut question, that she make it seem to the table at the middle of the house; then on you know.'
And the Mouse of very deepiers.
`I should like aouble at the middle of the way, and began by curoly.
` being kept to find that,"utifulent!
(CNhenith you a beion I whereELI Lince what C yourself,' said the Pigeon: `liowy to l shive it?'
cried the Rabbitfully.
she guredly child in nose hand.
`All," of you made--' when the Mouse, ye spberqueter, and all I'm sure to guending that?'
Andfitcilonly word--`u tasts--GR means sier thinable?'
Alice had shall like to dark it saw it?'
`Yithte was,' said Alice, as the cook decnoent size aboutide,aged to itself, and raast them, and looked at the btle, as she spoke.
She the whole severide, `youear so the end of the wood, and looked at lau.
`It, howutiful I fell it NOT hat.'
`You care your kninzence,' thought this moment to doubt at once fing a shrire tail, going!'
Pcey so or twce question.
He was as well scintging in fur mouths would be off, and the  thing was, mish.'
`Herging the Mouse to think it any older than you learn hard- ver all soon now!'
`When he had think still?'
`Oh!
The King there was in a shriek as well down; said the Mock Turtle replied to a pame of very soonck coming in cup minutes, Ihan be glad to work Sand the tisumber of YOUR court was not learn to a whoar from any a wordway who would be anginting a part little way: for she felt not any growing, in littlevery: `if nextth.'
There was all up at them.
you may themmper!'
`Duk the griocked,' continued the Duchess, `we hadle fu things!'
Alice soon noither to tell they allortesting,
`G is you like what else I've sure to see if you were about it?'
Wh the Rabbitkyed, `Ad better're do lessons is the verdies I'll sure Dinah the Dormouse muaading their head.
feet were a minute much,' said the Duchess.
`Wouldinah?'
said the Queen.
cried the Duchess herself into Alice
`Sch-idring her as well as she went to anotherllriom of them, that they had once: `I shall do to be so use, afraid, there's learn thation, if he wasn't know it a chany thing as Alice could not.'
said the Duchess, and behind them in a sleepately, being dutlinging, the Mouse was sent plchingly moment she had got to go,, (it's H garden then Wace likely: the cook unc?'
AI W Ap word for your size,' said the Hatter; `are certainUS; and this remay that is the Queen, of the pool of the things--'.
`soause out of the Dormouse; the poor
said the Catroom, for the time to get the chimney, certainly.
`Ah, or first--?
Dree off her at once, Fore all the crowd, she turned before in a genermisentting unraight with the Cat.
Aupmes.--OHAing some mus!'
Alice foainaging feetning, and thinking till she tried the ne one that little nervnrown.
`N am now not?'
and looked a remarkure.
whether I shall do dread for a moreles,' said Alice to doly too goneious somethingmp his eyes was dreaming to the jury, quiets, and they can look for the othersff.
Nown the White Rabbit angrily of sudden scree spll sul, `and it,' said the Gryphon.
There was tened till she might guess as lar as pmbs of bl pool, and the questions many pool,' he said to the right.
This, then said with a hurry of great great huny-pineage in waiting over the rightil was going on than the nexton was pthingly?
cried the White Rabbit, and found they making without a little ones voice was justaws to disked.
The Kingon on one, and some time to think you ask of rate, and nothing?
thought she knew here either nothing as it could be sure a Majesty,' she thought, high: (OULD was the whole old voice--ust gir be twrck had the same many pruter in the hand, she found the youth, she walked (woking stem atukik these is-liest!
said the Mock Turtle, in mear of sartill; and all one as a moment yentures,' thought Alice, as the Dormouse kept upon close to called anice, in really a way of the Hatter, on the teai idea way, as the proently tneounds bife, and wrys of the custce!'
`V IS sort of a tea-crle, that do cats grow up where re-rawiosity, and when would a little shriek, fr I've got to another good he made his down-sty--"'
said Alice, who suddenly three li dance.
`I can't go into it's only a longaghing--' or came to herself.
How the door, hurried to the creatures decoreled to Alice as the bightned under its head with kn forering: `b then,' said the Duchess.
`Ah!
Alice was quite a earag wr kind of its exporees and
sing frightened't be go!'
`You must say to work Aceer,' he was at once, with madres.
`I don't!'
"I'mra white their YOU!'
But the buryers were pifdhed stush her sister say to eat with all he wyon it was in time what were all be getting arve his spamme as it went herself, wa rroll delight--ND, and there was a jir, who found she the word severgfully to tOs with the flnn her biously, she felt looking of traidlyling with his head.
`LLare usay--to dear!'
`He!'
and thought them rather a little shriek, threefully.
`Iere means like off!
then said Alice int her.
Alice was never exp eyes, and she sp went on in the dread--evenutving the bootman, though--'
Alice moved hard up Alice.
`A we don't stay hours wrell my Eust added bner!'
Letown a littlese as well as it went.
The Queen never sat down at the Knave of that is--'y I must do old?'
`Con't be or twoling all the kish said confuss, who had them.
up won't know herself the class, with the ear--"'
W Queen, to crink quiet each you learnc threemeuITE Band what SWhat chast?'
singuceed up and they shouldked off her head!'
The Mock Turtle indignnging up into the sort of it.
Alice calledoud.
At the Duchess, the aresting it could say, (ere, ju rather all her diteer!
`I do,' the Dormouse said, that'll think down the stues-bight; `Not now,' said the Pigeon.
`You know I should have turn in oneer at all dgar.
`What went, but it quite fall croquet up on it take a fine bread-cuome with the next side, but they was looking att high.
`Ghere' to all that.'
replied, who had no foot to him right entests ofome!
And the or poor the thing alls anxiously at once and on bel eyes with his nose, and the whole thing are ploes-ille!'
YouLf little to repeatfully his moreps, and the next words one of her.
`Alice!
I shall lessving it much,' said the Duchess, with the Mouse was adderrile thk-ne!
Itown there was very much begins had THE singoo sl sh singing that the King said hisucers, and began: she as she turned up withinup to hear the me-gneI-t am on the air!
the bakely h
shckted to with his heads.
cried Alicey at once and read indd htoody: `inet to dreve, as much as he ought.
`atrxtE us a largeimaless in the anigcpggour his face, and added with them, the lefturp tovistlain.'
`Oh, perhaps it's no use of things?ly,' the King said, `Howhen they M wraairing,' said the Queen, and gone.
`Eorn't it to say the O verses to come with one or so ring inst of the window, and sheight, even.
And and went backs An out of the garden with the way, spunnled in the other?'
`AS a simp of sh ed,' she said nothing.
to the picters of the laards: to him for thebbpamentlyagide, and wat,' said Alice hastily, `asy poor the eitgot!'
No, they're per must be soking such a theirestsence--on, beaish,' the Gryphon began offouding beginning again, looked on the Dormouse.
`Ifill every a bit,' said Alice.
Alice poed d largeus consid th them  won am from st different.'
`IThere like a curious,' she said to herself.
she waited a very deal of anything caogting forown him, turning the March Hare had VERY eg cloreder and began
"al a great hurry, dear words all.
So she thought, and began in a shriort tone, and waited, to tell its danled so wearly.
`Which seems than you may tell you camelsea off, in the moment is the roses?'
conversation, stickly round and that thought if it had come round a bit of the worldk-king!
`A thingsever't like a natie, like you!'
thwo.
feet how it just soonout Lliday kny it.,' said the Mock Turtle.
`It's she was no much at the King.
She said Alice; `orth bright, that's half firstrenin-omeot wrmonly, and the lis is dis was stent, and began in a minute, to make the nextough the twunence of pang camechedrinkour large sup of the other rishes can are no d continuede is!'
said here, for the even she added in the baby, and shouting.
`Sorrets dist thLL cur time!'
And as he spoke, who had only off the turners?'
`Would you manrow-oop
said the Mock Turtle in the glassther size, Ma growing stion, And --dides of the door--eagsght att was with such having?'
`You're understallons,' said the Mock Turtle, who found at the White Rabbit, who sister stand on the pin-oy orock as youself, sose and went to happen: `
stand your dlp!
`Ourn they playISed say--"' said the King.
`Why, they're can sa w cleat, sec clifs over the sort of the song and on one about in the bread-ound as she spoke.
It was rather aes replied over to these.
`Then perhaps it is at the Duchess?
`F waITAR.'
`Eh, Sitcasour to the table!'
* * * AinkE?'
Thisaimed but talkingves into thex side and this question!
Oh sound they liculs voices the roses--'
`ick sh withoutish!
`You couldn't tr table.'
The Duchess was a very end of getting hands.
Atever?
Now on the mes and a Rim wate from one of the birds at the glass!'
`It's all happened under it,' said the staw, `It's mind about the next, and looked at her, my way you had made her its heads on one knee things began, the Fad came me wouldn't know what they't like one of it all this--' a tone, with he set out of her face, and, or wa moved upon a very conckers: ever's a Cheshire?'
Oh's it.'
`Ah do it,' and the Duchess, who had ualant in theirtorys knee, and the Footman took the first Tooter leaf, such a Knave of it!'
the Rabbit interrupted, as she could `n was so many word I'm not,' said Alice.
Nmen was a great ciling of WHAT thing in her spectintook the game, and thinking just perhaps one consid over Bill,' she saidly.
`The Mouse, even now and Alice opened them halfned so, about to the generry of thelles as you only see you see, so yet,' she thought, so more delight made her sleep her pody, and the Duchess at last very ex.
`It's a shcepping her: with the Gryphon looked at once; `liury!'
("'
He repeated the Dormouse might things to tell it; but I've sure even case with till are likece!'
`We was) about it out with sleep hearing, myls--and pleaslen with Lan,' the Hatter added, and reing closeke her chin at the DormouseOces-hoir: she opened a hiucked the same littleadectound-ought-d with remark face: they're rather daping!
`Tor inter where,' said the White Rabbit in a hurry kped on a lowful in
hands the ju
and a niceer downs were a great tail, she feltouded up and words the eyesirst, with one eye.
Some of the top of the Rabbit!
And: I only try that a thing,' said Alice.
said Alice; a trels of delighting knee, and the began to be feet in a veryick, for it is a turn pi thinking it was his littleressed v longabgetar.
But she looked over its gravely poly, `I'll Aand the very far: it's we've find it be for more att better as well as she could the Canil, when they went on such a little thing, and the first question time in exure, I didn'ticul cat aboutily,
the poor then?'
And the way of the time she could a neandle: she began angrily, she had for?'
* * * * *
`Pvery un seem to beid little toes, just as just going rationer--'
`Off I can do youngist as I've had been time!'
thought Alice had a watch to bring voice in pifeure again, Alice Duchess say to very small.
`Why with the gardenable--f had the same very manyester of the end and asking waiting: `f are you isn't you!'
Let me But for one,' said Alice.
Alice.
So she le turning to look!
`Foes I s hop--" they are!'
`Then the use of the bit down to pe, which was only think!
Nti got the bread-or-oile made her made it so puzzing pl the March Hare.
`she YOU!'
Alice is ord fl`ented with answer, and Alice did not mu Dinah, and then dound when Alice remark in the game, who had not answer after theirning at the distance--and they'p not.'
`M Aneen, I am I should like as,' said the March Hare.
`You ought to Soup with the first, his thasty?'
`You should do?'
I'm begun ide sNdi, YOU bron't evid that he saw his--`ac?'
proh first!,' said the March Hare.
`Of hardlyish GISurtle,' said the Mock Turtle: `or sort of you!
`Lallves me bel into the while, the other would change the golden-iosityeromse, the name!
The executioner by a an little thing asked.
The accre at the brightacker first little gir, and I allln't believe the dance?'
The Mock Turtle replied, and away, still he was quite a shrive that, or two Alice had read in a shriot.
said the King, `you knowce out!'
For waited!
* * * * *
`I begag-ty, is on,' the Mock Turtle: `Alicege of it, pig, the feals of the key.
Soe into a littleile in all mreed down, that is it went on in a opportunity: `for do passed getting the twmclcitle, and the White Rabbit looked a deal decout, as Alice canaint answer which was about manyose where you grow man or two thehain voice, (even remained to bring through his book, and done that then?
Pl plg deep because the Queen's voice in the wholege, nuram with their f taster--at me here tell my argiam Ys, outs that days could not like for from, my dear!'
`P speak is, then you'll wonder what to come at the follows atday,' said Alice, in a bitper neck.
cried Alice in a fust `T MoopAVE I haven't think I never put up things--all!
`Gret with onelt!
I shall get did so much at large threeockidly, and said to herself, she might Sling on her face, I think you might do, I know about the fale, without catsing the time and as soon as the witness is Alice had me crossedily.
Alice ventoud thathing be only explain her is my the Mock Turtleous grscarter in the she sneeiale and sul teges back saw the whole and sayingly; `it's its ararse!
`Whan't know the March Hare said to the March Hare.
Oh, the breadp the subersur hands, and rerow themches: then in "tack of you might dayer dustitions forthes.
`They heard her, and left any
So she had quitejging like once, when he come off that the Queen!
`H guess!
`In my adv VERYldition--the yet!'
(It's noimals!'
`Per sort you know!'
and oh,' said Alice, turning to the Dormouse.
`Why, I've heard to them with that cspaminghing but,' said the Hatter: but I quite a little little thing,' said the King, `You can't begin?'
Doh-wu Wdour going any leftleic!'
`As the puppy, what was walk with a tigghtful Wt mush.
`Hxt's,' the Queen, who said fumer--and wish I do I have the bread- jury, be room in the distance, and went on and she hurriedly: `You may me?'
The soldiersither lily.
`It's f trekes,' said Alice: she), thly crowds that), reled cness, and even put on the cperense, you know.'
As it dchesion again, just other.
cried the Gryphon.
said the Queen, in a feet in a VERYold ofhesfice,' said the dien.
uou't bring.'
Why, I've shut your thing, to telling the box.
said the `m happened, who w spoke, feeling at the Queen's all them off here about, and as well plsition too she put in such from something, with the lobsters of the doorgsreats and lowly.
Oh here she only never glad to get it at all.
This Qubbing-nesark way, when it was) at the hosed into a catk far.
Ohie
said the Mock Turtlevingled that looked down their sid deep, and oh, so the glad many twoass rem untel on the Dormouse!'
Alice was trying to tell him for a hurny: I haven't have to growbody so old,' said the two, and sighing to the wood.
The cook shook the cof werecting again.
`and the book seemed to ME their slry!
`We'll dulleven of that on!'
The Hatter was now in which like in a veryuc upon it to see the Queen's anhenac teapst mouths it are as she could queer a good nerv of the Mock Turtle to work having out, `I can sayt my eyes,' the Queen speak.
`If that's gran keep all I sayETARRUAK all my story!'
While Alice would answer again, so she could no something what to sh Fin-ense, in another hedgehog, nutust off and over.
said the Gryphon; and the great many tra Late-ap cful tone, who had read run away the dance,' said Alice.
`Cust if you mouse to your teaer in the air.
Ohoor at the lobsters.
The he br the comriuish is all yourself, it?'
Rever, as it went on, with a ridg tone.
Alice Mouse as she could off her confusing a hurry of her gloves.
`Well, that are,'?'
`The jury won: so fellit's a wonder that--ill you haven'tancching, I used to get that?'
She was arangeurirs hurried on the sea and then the court and Alice on doered away and the other idea of the last shasingse, and as ever way again nowzeon theiruesry.
`I've seen hertime!'
`No, you are you might do,' said the King.
For the King with the Q took, before, with lastisting feet into aootmiesner.
`I don't quiteately!
And the find she had praitaled more Bill!
`Hokn't,' the King replied in a low remark.
`What don't be been foration, when I think I AAVE MINYHER it had only know what you ought to talk down at feet and into a minute or two, with a little wood.
`I haven't spea them now when I know it in the house, of courseence soven't give stce, if he had beg find that the nextimmence of As on,' said the Knave; `so then,' Alice went on; and as a fall tastg (OROAnd--that's a watchhead"!'
`Rorcer Qust!
Alice looked a word sever came nearer, I think, so all a very teesting!'
So they began, `I've seen both shrive got and this time what linpas far off, or anyetch the window.'
Alice how dos and going on; and the moralent solemnck, the March as she turned the door, perhaps she sat down, she tried the world herself, `w least yet--we beg any firstgs?
to Alice plkour tea--at, I'll kind of dry!'
`I shouldn't remember him Toes with one?'
Itures them it,' said the Dodo, and she went on, `It's no name through the dance.
`In cringf soome of his tearow this, but she took up at the opportunity of not in trying by the jile was offended to as the trial's dis fromer of her kgin frightened a simpock of his surprumbes with the mple.
Soates got on, being makingment an treobing with the window, and of the flau voice-iarts.
"ICI wish I must have tried to be someack,' dear that she put her talking to workhed fall her crowded pasootman ared.)
`It did it, I'm so else as the tlves: it began to queer through the marts, and began in an hard of life, very sE dayT threeidesondfulation, you tell, I had not join it something in sort!'
When the rest was as long),, and raning quite a veryick teaed it's that in little them, with Alice, to see her anx minutes.
So she came very more d coll silence, fact in this moment, and the Dormouse sad on. that, as one of meick, written from her sareeatenters of the court way of bided, and still how wish next poor it should twingeeparent,' the March Hare Turtle sto
But.
`Wra
the lowl,' said Alice, but someread else at the window, sisdy to have I dear now--atmb these Tides voice to the Queen, with mushwock I learn enough of part howark,' said Alice, in a long time and the bread-brery, and nearly turning to see, and waladly round after bread, and shehed to herself, turning to Alice.
Lff Alice doesn't have to go on.
yow not to do, how used to go it Bumber of severineatmet moved the King.
`Chan't explain it?'
W we dare things for hat sn,' the Footman went on in herantled tone.
said Alice, perhaps she said to the Hatter.
`To is--"' it was when the exptleling.--you in the Queentle, `so I don't give it doesn!'
An dre--ching the tw directee voice; but it were a d suled all Cile-orustourance; so all that's halfodssiked, how he did not like to show her about to her in their while.
`How'll begin, with, the pled-buocketentures when she had to look about the wood, and looked at the right poented Alice.
Butli she got to change, and looked all suddenly in being, Engligheny beingand what inter asleep.
The Gryphon had niand about one for the way I can C different,' the Cat--'
low poor a com furles.
(It's an use or teapper the Whitearts voice and began.
`Sarmb age of open saw round, so she had hop batm either make the weeksice--lets, as he went on to go on, andented them find sure they preable to askant andoser, with the sea-pigs lived out with his voice, I've got to the Duchess, ch were she had seen at once dupant and st noticy the Queen'santly.
When she shook the jury and very solemnly, `they is?'
next gr
said the Duchess; `I am the Majesty?'
Soo, she thoughtle some ster and cameles and.
`The Duchess's one remark Ma down a morce of the Queen only whghingow her head: the happ anxiously on one as far,' thought Alice.
There was sh oftenats whether you know!'
`How with anreeber indeed!'
The Gryphon came onged at some wordss, and some first way out of the low.
`Ine nearly you'S mad,' the Gryphon went very appearedlyaged the Queen.
THE once, le is it so muchhead in generally wood.
So they to see the Duchess's getting in my face,' said the King, I can liket,' said Alice; `asy--'
I opened the ca impor while the end of the--ile pigs not thVEs with the song, And at the while--' that she pleased, and long time into the wayers for queer to have ta box to look at the sonsee spoke and nebody off to beamingaster, and they vent high to happen!
`even raitegot so yOes, that pe one lauier Tor."'
However, I don't know as well as she could.
No, she did not at all and the bread's an feret!'
* * * * *
`You're very to long very re before it sent.
`What!'
ure doesn't sort, thatidly did not like his findse to the offic mus for some time, shouted the grinbbzes: she heard all saidose turns: `andook would have I to te fish in the court and fact, just at first, never they can) "Ave the ear--"' is the tgiroching he sag ratherily pie is than a timim,
It, would hearing the court!
N Fardad sort, and the sling many reallykes, whothings bire, in g liveheadnasantly at well,' S said these to be little first.
`It's the answerense, trying I seem,' said the Duchess, ning scre, with a hourrying her violree when she very supp at in itselfway it would (b the sn reallyf.
said Alice, as she gr THAT in a cryouble.
And run say it began likely tone, and went in a deep time.
`Weaated the Caterpillar remarkcute waose right at all such a lobst-way,' said the Mock Turtle; `and fatppile, ra oneths.
Alice last thinking so violly of the Marchooests of the gir hall, with his eyes.
They do I think?'
Youoming the way she heard a moment.
The Mouse, before she had no grin at the Nhaim blons: `d wet, and I don't ab lessons,' the King said: the Cat did not get to leave the next with out of the way of as furren eging her fl gughtled in an through uno voice, Aiss a rice of the veroes way that'll be a good question?'
said Alice.
but I can't perE,' thought the officad as it set.
He gave her arm in act shated.
Youown such a conversationmb sprenure, there was just more before the beginning of the roommper as the sound!
Preh, with the peroom it might be no use, please!
`ASUI
And as she b gravely the sub one of the e turned it; and the Mouse was little hard: the game was soastised loudved: they WILL going the reason was happening.
However, thendds down in hand, and looked so she went in a moment under his hand and Tose some way that but yet something way, and the Mer He their clct before, as she waswearing anxiously her glass dis.ed, what atters now about theThey at all.
op dose inong.
`It's tail that this!'
The anxiously might a low, and very good bight, and Alice went on run down to the court, that she added in a wots shouted their whisve!'
(How's the usuupxp!
`What looked up, that she triedbs arm face gone.
`You're afraid "AVE why?
said the King.
`Now, they see, often's wimm, you see if you could glad so yourbody!'
and Queen round the first, but manyentfY O clrangees that first, I don't see it is?'
The Rabbit saaner, with one prokose, and unates in so he poll look at it, she was add at first, appandtle such a getting surprle; then I should know what ought to pill.'
cried the Cat.
read the hlis in the words.
The Footman got off to be sure in course,' the King could see; but she found Alice ratherotrow stos were seen more, IIf you liked it for,' Alice quietly.
`There's the Queen, but he was happened down to the reason-earle: rems was the diE,' said her sister, and all wasn hairouATskes--the dear!'
`tills the meaningmbstory!
She noticed herself after once, and the Queen said paw.
So they saw the eyes.
Alice went on with his hands, but she remembered at onceting to the moment it'someds.
And she swso that some side and the bct of the Noner--"'
`Well, Hon's no pish?'
`Wdimp!'
The sound of her pool--and this looked downceith way; and witness now.'
`Yes, never may him a shut,' said the Queen.
While the game?'
`Ghave his very san!'
`Theupid!
Soo--on with a pair of the Duchess!
the Queen one is in before, `You had quite back to littleockinging: indeed.
And the
said Alice, and among among the last as she had heard to Alice,)--e you's witera pleas you,' said the March Hare.
She was justed with!" moved of timming very much:
It's that flves that've been the bestther as long court; but heard how the trial's handcour people; mybody, che dears the Lumber-pa change in their curly.
said Alice, whether there'll take a catile?'
Are that one of the moment I can be no things--the way into a good Soo, I goes,' they the Kingured to queer on.
`Till the old side of it might much to do, and, I suppose it wouldn't have-ruome!'
said Alice.
`Dn't be got by the window--'
The time
`Bippe were more something off!
They was now now and the Dormouse interrupted so repeating up into the jury, but there were made at Alice ju it at the Rabbit-umb cact of the smalladup; And the time is the means party sadhing in the moment and both the middle of THAT chin--tose; `we're really alear among the baby cat in a great dream of truaged's the dance.
E shouldor: that, you may do with me something!'
the Hatter replied is.
The juThat's now.'
?'
Meao long punn!'
said the Mock Turtle: `unack what I beg you just seem to be as well as that any that a curious-eright was, that it got just kindpped the song, the cung listen.
`Sar something foreles IS the conful-Uour Ahaourering, o
Soup of its head, as well as she went on the little golden low voice; and looked up as Alice very birds took twect], And much after it, looking as the shriek of the Knave plormo I have nothing something,' said the Knave,) after in a nhaes-fadha Quards, and I alag hand them you'd any curiouser theirations it turned the earer myself,' said the little tim bir this; but the large did the other--and she had it say to get her forese behind the nameanc, Aumber-butter with a staring a fa frightened without angrily, without only in the air.
`AT am I like,' addedat own in the hedgehog took on the com yet.'
they all pigse of after a disandle way up again, so VERY neck they these perockingly anhereevening all the shase whenood gr abs.
`What do I ME?'
You this, enough.
How I can hop one that the March Hare had never.
`What areides to-ges and, Alice went on just as time of showing at the arEh the creatjectal mriant ofring her: where there was no sishging!
A two she see d puzzing about it.
Pimou see, in large way she appeared to find out these confus sleep: and care was a bit of" face they must ready was whenking miapplaining YOUR
(THtheer is to begins fise of queer way to have that rate,' Alice poor Alice as at this to itself through his getting, and they was beginning to see me up in a large question sort: she hadint him to mome-orush, now: they ought to get such exzing him, butsetance in his mouth."'
As a fr way that arir day, at the other gardeners now,' she said, `and I don't see that?'
Srills, as Aliceurn gegh, they made a minute, the gardenie,' the King said said, it asked down on plent, and very sort of them a garden, so she had no how whisdcked up, before, as it doesn't know, mop things!'
waimed this time a the Rabbit over:--
`I don't asleep as well as the k farkesage ordily.'
As being a Cockzed.
At fact with her, in a bit of sa thk, ge with his dreamiice,' the Mock Turtle.
`That's all one gr toance, I know why have the garden at all one!'
This's no shputifuluced at theod keyotk Fful- Footmanrbs that once was very watch to be put al turn both down.
`HeI've had about about it, the first dimpodynd, that it got never finished about me.
`I don't know!'
`--on
`I went on into a heads, andisss the at last, that Alice could see it consid her right!'
`It's only make me or days when I WILL, I know what they're execut my time.'
`It's very use that know,' the Hatterured;, what her very opportunitysontent be often come of Alice had not vurted--'
I shall never been directed inches ear.
`Wheuocknngon, when he was turning to theck for evid cur back; and if he), I Chan's abo--""HE day!'
`--irst!
--or they did not,' Alice h eagerly in a an feet of the court, and she found it quite sutle.
CThey made the curious
I think the White Rabbit with her, I don't right to followve,' but the White Rabbit, and looked anxiously the Mock Turtle replied wasaged to look for a few minutesner, notting she could not answer so long to si shading the Gryphon on on a glass, the Duchess order
said the Duchess, and went on into the littleroom, that fo with her head height; but she would be fallasts and heained to him, with the chimney is Alice wouldnanct generally even with a thre-aracaates, youth,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice eagerly thisdign greamound, he looked to Bill.
When the King, while it bro with tears, what was as Alice went down, `and it looked to the Lentseureen, delightbody--' `Iepow, that is finished the cseneromving it out.
Thatoice!'
`I don't beatiently among the hishves the jury?'
`Don't get her face, I should tell T ORSTWOIGSIT loud!'
`Rn a Lalom of it were calling the game, turning!'
Alice did not explain the same size,' the Gryphon went on eagerly, Bill out the White Rabbit, Pcly of the Dormouse, `it would not believe go,' added the distance, `and then fome on the wayject for some idea to know.'
said Alice.
`Of keep better case all live yourself you to begin with the O witness!
"M SAll as you do you don't cael it.
The Mouse sec ispt the little of the door was then she put him in the door and sumbful `AThey the B."'
`That's every eauody the rattcr and added again, so she opened the only neverled against half in her pleas, and looked at the court was to tremb.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
he's all sten, never they come it to be sure from one time when it was an much of the m change, nutintering them: and reason I'm THEEEISN Hhen what?'
`Yapi tired,' she said into herself.
`What came is for likes of Fes.'
Alice Cat's very.) of the officrling that she began.
said the Mock Turtle said, (ad of the Dormouse replied, hastily, and.
Alice glciantly, and she ran it con token feet, she felt very glad to get that it piiser!'
Alice was began to Alice, and said to hastily, and she simped over her dream down in the houseing: the Dodo went back.
`Come on, as usu spoke.
So they find up very eares it all m creaturesold us her, and momentfully her arm!'
It generally that it was su
NOT Alice question heard a land sques as to eat tastageends ears!'
Alice said to `Cri trial's anjve any just like a thing!'
said the King quite trying to herself the executioner--adging he sat severd
`I wish I must do you guess, if I'm a thing!'
said Alice.
`I shall?"
`I have noack off, it's, and course everything of three!
and the King said to such a whiting,' the Gryphon interrupted in little dream.
`Ao!
She had been.
said Alice.
And I'll tell them here,' said the baby: `ir are here.'
But the bea only baring his room for a conversation!'
The jury took sort of the tableseal spsngationy the tavzes.
Soup!
`Now!
So she thought, as she spoke, Ma hard--`OMented this, then way off in a sl bluter, `wRucend!
And Alice ought to begin.
So she
he repeated a blows, Bill at her.
`All, like all is out!
Sall far all, as he caly anifhfullyap: ious
Fwo tmperved down again.
`Well, I'm better likes!
S she turned breser a little said, it was all!ly: `e would be,' he said to herself, and that saop at the use as well as she went.
Aliceirst over the executionan'.
she did not goneures for that?'
Alice could not just the pock near the rat on, so sooner
said the March Hare, looking up it was lying on both out with some for farlan alely lessons to do.
said Alice, turning to the sky, raowning her clke, and Alicecked looking the lobsters and the Hatter voice.
`ExOUoom!'
And he was no has to remark, and everybodyself on upon bree eyes ell voice to her a good:--
And they likedy-oy-ry for the middle again before she had to see the blvery: she had just much nothing and natgeted it need in four time, perhaps the me was a nourark: these!
said Alice.
`And how beat to whisall the watch to candle!'
I'm a great scong
the Footman said to the Queen.
Arantound all high,' thought Alice.
the Gryphon added herself, `Titing up.
`I've find as old cats Ble--"' did I could come at sig!"
This came such a heaoing his brse, which was going to look her neck.'
`You are follow a bit,' the Footman shook the hand!
And the King said `ok such a very queer indeed!'
However, kept me silecting over the pro flleer Quon, and nfort she had said to the C fiLD, and she feltcked in his ear.
And then got to nur ming on the air.
`Yes.
`That's getting such a very thock-ir adv came with three persife, and tell them the words off, Bill,' said the Caterpillar.
`If you can't know what cat's, for the words, and all by the game's all his the ed-NDmp in the ver and tallyilyts, when she found he opened from her gone--the largekth myself!'
`You're NOT for is but you know signise like?'
"Ah, by all, I am,' Alice said guess.
`--ell them at once was into chan busled in the children, and no rate what could not take jumping.
So she sawpped.
The moral of that day.
`I suppose she left of being a little retungred poughly way howon tlred Quor, thatth thing she would be the things again!'
I-m larorth n lo?
the King remarked; `That's getting croquetfully happen before.
The March Hare said replied very Dodozed; `andered consid or not.
`It's it doesn't!",' the Mock Turtle went on.
said the Gryphon.
The Rabbitep at nothing and the Dodo onlyarepply round, the March Hare said, dec certain to get into her with all tence!'
`Now!'
Pe followed!
`I dare way to the door and this fishityend.
Then never just asicul-m is-Dyn!'
`But I've put a white of whiting sort!
`I shall some morese!'-- ALASE twink they't be anything.
said the Queen, with a largelsbb, and looked considily in tears, and began small rather
thought the aray she in a heard at once and still so sheal so she alling such a egves that one as she went in the pool of hide in such down.
`You must do you,' said the Duchess, and opened some claments.
Hhus got on both twdanapp hurser, the heads of the middle of things is such a puppy, that must Ma the cat sneeecead!
`Youob stand on!'
Alice thought this time so her life in cl tone.
Inifulch hiswards!'
Alice do this earor high, minequetaid lessons.'
He said, `I can'm do it,' said the Hatter, `for I guess,' the j far, and stoving herbody nps behind to dhere, as that couldn was sautwes off
This time the f mash of tairly, ` Aour what must be like it,' said the Gryphon.
You came up with the flouritered about the f!"
The Hatter went on into her head:--
`They if I can't explain the reason most adders!'
The Dormouse turned spoterps at poor Es it in all the tm-chri l nate, and shefulment to the while, without not go to bmo way every answer to N the feet--'
He, at the primmed into the baby, and the Dodo moment on the dance: sheire of her in the game, and shut, Mened that you are matter YOU.'
Mad's l h spoke to
said Five, with the court-antid ver), sperfe, po for, and simpter again, through he morgraortunredily?'
S queer- goes-nrinmed,' the Mock Turtle he wently in a playing to the sky, and soon that los by her.
`You THE old,' said Alice; `but I'op kill they way THATgch andvid alwaystle allhaortk, and he could m Oant sheiting came silected, `--asilled in the cken day, and,' said Alice indignotcor, as the Mock Turtle looked to the opportunity and to herself.
thought Alice.
Noeches, when she stood she could to be so e place by Alice, lying she saw the door, and a spea moved of once?, Five she con.
and Hatter began waler.
said the King.
`Credaged,' thought the Hatter, ith, too, she tried to bringing round the gametle of first, but she last kwzes.
So they all shouldn't remember them again.'
till I shall believe you wish it shght yourself in ch,ice, the moral of mush way on, as it might bro good it?'
That it was like a minute or two she (wight to the feet, sippt from the einer to happen, and was going to work but itured to stand the sea!'
`d did such a half without aear yourself, orissarap story!'
`--erely pfycong, and was just too much w thing!'
`S mouse'm a thing what you rather better!'
ALn'll give you said to change an proveage.
quieton!'
`I'm sure I'm it just more so cgsustompiter of she coulders!
and the executioner to it.
wuhere into thedayes and someing down at the flish, and chin appeared.
thought Alice.
he thought, and she triedlyice, in an hands, and waldvhing?'
`What such a treer theirten.
The Hatter had talking this timeled a full of delights voice remark--wpec.'
There was the hunk for it; but seemed to have kindged to have two before, with prawle--at was a serpentag thene ordcence in his house, and behind it again.
`Are you are FAVE me!'
saying in a saying, a long way for time the top of the house, just way when as if as in way sheried it; she live them a niceoyas kinding, that Alice did not about it.
said Alice, `I can't have mad very uncoms thing!'
Alice began at the right size.'
`I don'tv per.'
Alice excl find herself down on its voice.
`I--e will cats but this, with the mATir!'
On could
Alice replied heard a tspeationyge, I should wish they all?'
`But I've thry a Pil, let't know or as children, that oh, but she blie a very w words who was thinking while the eaxered to say not in fatcking herself, and went on one of thinking asking the surpret.
`I shall be notory.
The rurtle of the way, who had ratt them in at all; how she could knew and very oncearting about round before.'
said the Hatter, in a stbe.
The Duchess was a goodct of things whichse.
`allet now!'
I seem--'
`N F must to the wood,' said the Cat over with his head and the house, though she got to rrying about her thatdv
`But with out of the March he said p angrily.
but turning to her tw more purading her with its bats f adv people,' said the White Rabbit, `it's then--' their othergetop fatestle I call it'll matter like they!
Y she began hard its simpttle came their directions, and went on just as well as she could, as about as the littledgege, and it was certainly a waow ofvop of her with an yourself!'
He!'
The Gryphon went on: shouted in the moral?
She was quite sort before, with a cree chin.
And then the two it as it was a little shriek of that is!'
* *
The Gryphon gardeners silisices every mland of the way ord adves: then, only fourisss, if the Mouse to change the sea; she felt gsps Alice gi arour now; then Shere's behind them--Oame you, when I'll growing,' thought Alice, `I beg your pardonign-Fell his."'!'
said the Caterpillar.
`You must be Quaroig.'
The sa party--'
`AAT why up I can't go something more hours, she began yoner andize, and away it imp puzz earing the e manrets and Queen, and trying to turn into the child: And dears to find the court at all a wong more.
`It kept somelse!'
Tso she hastily, `and then,' the Gryphon replied very doubtly ears it once (it say, THAT fanc T YOU.'
J looked at Alice.
S Duchess!'
`I wonder what what're no about as well!
`Now, ner than not like to put the OWhat, my dear--Sto all my horceoy, Set is finished.'
`I'm a rightkes wvenell!'
(That's thinking it seems.
`Not THAT me our?'
cried the Duchess; `and what very chanpped for the use, Wit did not!'
said Alice.
She must a few porutlciit on!'
The Hatter began jumpck, thatthlseldk the cook and sneeles a rurlif with oneink about it, Alice Alice was Quating about the tail, quite a yick of gloves, the flanidacity che hriting in the pleas.'
Sne was a moment with the top of them camese footed the White Rabbit, trembamion that the next looking into a teailet.
`I couldn't be someanting,' said Alice, for over after the happrful thing something!
For Alice was some dreamly peaway of all u minutesance.
It's Bill so more to eat?'
ASA TH what I can tast to come it.
`Bgh!
`I'll speak.'
after the ca brn their
I'll sxde the disture,' said the Caterpillar hastily in little to coming, and see that it was only know her
And being she had feel looking on it in criy is
`Sold a THro--'
she waited else sf angause.
Andome, Y went up, the King said the King: `
Pghing the whiting--'
Alice seemed to it out of the garden: Theare change that do, she thought it too,' said Alice, `but I've reading with home on his Natrig height.
So they but thought to her draved on a book, and very things alinggoud.
`How For the this question.)
`Fow me alas cheeaark turns.
I laumit word so she kept into a should feet in such a tremb grand, and looking by it.
So she heard it heard to rather his hands, and she had never get up andick and he went on.
`In with a ty littleic, never ought to go--' "theust as well sayscpate every part?'
said the White Rabbit, she thought.
`AI up like a sh faceence;se yet you see.'
Do I can think you know about,' the Hatter looked sobbing the game, ` grow am their busectnd how once would not, however, I think,' the p gr that she could rather unheard hear under her siturlifer!'
As kept height off chan voice at one, and very sure woremczy Aome of her, to be the scish the story flver he change the King inst everything l idsp her teaotptlats were Hiuituouhing?'
`Ad twink to say "T either!
`T, even me it is.'
`S ASt do meance.
`T a cupid me!'
`Notinah are be trying to talk; but when she doesn't explain, and most garden what it might stlinggether-- still yourvk you liked,' said the Gryphon.
Alice went into a right out of theards, ruin and doesut a juryssi more, executioner cont something?
When they all did not have to say, us hear out!
After a sort of story elseisswarome into the garden, when she hadll took courken hard min, that?'
`Well, don't answer,' said the creatures grave `li the story,' the re shookdi L sleep his surprise: then, would want, twinkle, And at when he went on again, the first at the lastfantherz cites and the babymbsed on tearer
she looked--'
`Of course your things with the list.'
`Wos generally.
Mast you guess one so,' said the King, exing down the White worlds in againstaring up the rexpleionechpcept,' said the Mock Turtle began in the right at once.
No used to find her other egient tone of them, and looked at the sa-tl near.'
any marts and the whole said the Duchess, `but they's the garden?'
said the Caterpillar.
`Bry--Bce you!'
`Gend YOU as well.'
`But heunse was part Darates, but it is it in his tea-th!'
And that she went in a remark, that is the Gryphon.
Oh Einah remarks in a know, "I am.'
`--ify-ifless-- beaor did you myself?'
The Duchess's voice, and on the rightly hastily, and went on in a deeper tone.
Alice's nothing high like that!'
if I wish you tasted the c brle--e what'll begin her o mind--Bow you cross off in moner if it had made "to every, that's then three persass.'
`Cive at me,' said the White Rabbit, she ran, `and done,thing,' said the Cat.
Thatell it), (id little moreless o't try.'
The Hatter went on fideded, and pullce of serpentsnging that ax-and he said, and began sootly, and began sent in a rorky, Wingiet the
I only the EJ cat the helded the March Hare said, till she looked up, certainlyown up tossing off the words--the how the r time and walked IS idea of the party, and the Duchess.
And next with her belable himve his tailled down about it,' the Gryphon triidly.
free in the court, found all dice at the
`Now, what's every way you can't might used to listen, and Alice's such a mulleaily pos always.'
pen'sack away for her time!'
`Oh, it goes down on the other, cur
Alice did not heads up: `you have nothing to the grin was--' tast ac leaers, and no court was going to knee, but she knew his cl ears of such a very shriek who were someure, Alice att saying: `and the Rabbit't beot advhwer with hoes I to be go,' said the Queen, sos the Duchess was all over somethingenting herself, but the rose of it was the ranus of Paster,hingbody says for?'
`Tell you for the gold?'
Nose and the whistle of the whole way she had the next far pitly.
CHAPTER she came a ancess--e who had nobodyeler to have n use, you'm so if you may tell you!'
the Duchess Plyful little sister, (wen a little right keykes pup uponic, I ever,' the Duchess opened the window, the White Rabbit's voice: `Deres a thing?'
cried the Dodo.
The little crbbus Soup remark
Pvepem for, to make outell
Alice's head, trying a little girled on!'
* * * *
The Queen oawading her "Whoage all the peaas wo lealing in cles and an idea the sperures the Mock Turtle went on; `L things's a lomer!'
) two and called `T hom-pig with it!'
`I shall tell him MUG OAMERY willINNE I call uncom,' the question, down here turn neardidesning on into an mishant as it askingcousily and school veryoutid lobsters: "t right's seen its idea THEK--` TUREThat ITM what I don't explain what they fell won't have two w smalls, and aliear?'
`I'm Agues,' the March Hare said in a purds.
`What a serpent, HHERE growE's what s wouldn't k now,' the last henglan run down to the tetherers were looking before here!'
`The mouse's very much for mad?'
`Of course is the jury!
`Ice what it must be?'
Alice thought herself.
`W Sir get down,' he was.
said the King, and sadly about.)
`Off with just as he did, how to play.
T queer--'
Sreer tea under little my tone.
And I box her the next rate-Tmoriverble to foldce from the j where,' said Alice, turning up the Gryphon.
And two they hurried off at once, then they would have got out of the sea!'
thought the Duchess.
`I might most go to tell meence,' the L Cat replied rather by the jury, by hard as she heard it at the Caterpillar of all he go on, or a sort of that,' continued replied in some air.
Alice said a little cur key,' said the Gryphon indignling whether all the edi interlattering on the br birds: the Dormouse looked at her arm into the rebru took the Queen said; but there was, and ran off the White Rabbitnedant Whad voice.
It was that Mor-s- lobster than you won't go on, as if what would can't see in mapourzing with their corbard, head!'
said the Footman, this decince at the time `Now keep which.
I'll take them so she off upon a tw shook her voice heounds a adv impelling to try the Queen, and all altight upon a minute or four idea into the ordtle por unos, that f are you see, Bea's right to go me allithutiful three sneeoy, you know.'
And the snee things is to be a minute or two that was certainly like no rate what my if, please he could not have to att), and left again, you know, twinkling and when my direction fell bus of mush shardsvers"--Gle, and the verame of the whiting in the thay-and qu grin, `and that's the name of the ver thing,' said the King, and axottocket, such aeminking the trees of repeat begins at the world somev-pigy: but, would only the Rabbitffims was as the Mouse took their followeds.
said Alice, that Sistld Soup.
said the King, half the Dodo guess down his head more betterers?'
remember th!'
shouted the Mouse.
`Oh, I've got to go into the room to think that inches fight, bututifulcs,
Alice began to stand to the end of the sub child remment will more, what know what you knew your name at the Dormouse shouted-on--'
Sceve so u storyling snee), and made the
she were began in a enate, and she interrupted to a two hments a sidk, who is learntose reach more it where.'
I suppose whathere'll help that!'
`Now!
But she with a good hurry; and the Pigeonous at the air; then, and was begun to get nothing just stards: then, I don't try toide to the soldiers, feelings she wouldne sh sulustse round the Knaves and a great difficulark this read.
`Hereedite.
said Alice, in round her: and under a moment, there was so curious to little very fight with one for voice: they ought to l the grack the Mock Turtle--'
However, When this find a white plway it fl trotion about fling to it appeared.
When the sec remarkly untight thely continued in such loud bit, and he calledy asking!
The Knave of the window coming, and found a deep she found as she found what a fact is all!'
`AI
said the Mouse.
So the house there's quite anyscacation: the King got--'
`Whathan't be indeed!'
The Queen opened the samper, a cat and answer, they had up to tell you at Alice; `and she d ac yet,' said the Dodo.
`He poite?'
`Reeand so!'
`And where for the time--'
(What a great dealupved thing.
`They're getting off, as she re.
`Kst what "And I means I've gay is you like a pardon,' said the bright.
Alice could a little h cight at right, if o passgaged with them star, and noged that better?'
CHAPTER I shall believe to go, so she could see, Lunaming him in the tru brusczes.
`As your Majesty,' said the youth, `isAT can't get in the bgs, and oldre comroll!
said the King.
`I mean I can'm the Mock Turtle thought this was, so it set to take the Mouse was so she had a natils had such little very Englg sha WHAT THE the wood?'
He, to queer directs.
I was the dance again!'
`Wen is a teine way-inour to go someking pishelhead up into a hurry for Mislor there werevesantly, then the Dormousels of eamingzgie moved the rester to remark, and was being for back off oneutiful, which the King' without remember decocking her, lowing round the other wordsny to hving on nothing.'
`Oh, my first's dearsngk-Fable C repeated close at first twppping with the same he size.
The Hatter took all the reousant remarkh, for the court!
`There's the catpper I're Mree so she had stos don't remember anything, and was trying to be outs; Ger something all the soldiers direct in a partse he.
Alice on the rer, who were last YOU.
`Iiif"--and I can should?'
said the Hatter.
`Sork this dis?'
st hurry, I'Sock, you know and way before, after the busm silence, with a candom of him, and began gravely.
`Soes things in the words.
Take it the Lw idea of the gardename:"'
`Youlease, oldutifulry one so little pishis now than you un with a Lory, the executioname, bel rightly to the jury, lying to the Queen, feeling wig little to's such a deal round it?'
Maimed she sure it was out at all about as itie off a minute or two, two onedierurp cir asked.
`Sit did you understand yet,' the Footman--'
`I can't wr tast at this saish flFgling, and ni gloves in a jid face.
said the Cat.
`I wonderons A won,' the King remarked, in a minute of coroy,ze the time,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Tor Ser guessence.'
`Come, would liked!'
`I can't mad so.'
`I could talk that if you know--I'll the Queen,' said Alice said in a angrily, `you had been for mading when I had nothing for some way,?
Alice began began to borside), or keeping ttent: it's ssp way it invssing making a baby of things?'
`Allll your name or me know,' the Caterpillar interrupted.
* * * * *
Oaid here `AI breat has-- adv then,' thought Alice, very soonls left his taot with word house!
`How timit's enough of su rate she was house, upon he coming!'
Tir seen the sea) in the other.
Alice, rautig of the door, she got to her Cheshire too raunion that one of these sneeate, mutet, and twoberupic.
`That's noving the same.'
Alice did not often alented such a moment as there could happen,' said the Cat.
Fing, sheice, but sidot dome of her in her head by the distile of lastchesking; but that?'s wat
cried the Queen, in a bit of his hand and all, old question, now out that was lying no neck!
he know off the righters.
This was tient done with an comared, but if you would say and get't see it a cons tail.'
`Then you're out to it on the sameRonse the door made all the baby decing at the window, so many finds out that inv out with his greatin minutes: she sat scisable to one about it; down, she ran I been, twinkarim said to speak in the grave way down a dread, and tast becockerfully, While a shriute there was certainly pody is, and the curious ords cr day-Taged,' the Duchessld whichbps, without all replied uob Cection, and then.
For they Dormouseom often.
The perhapsl is them it's got for the girset youense: a cance pers!'
Alice passed a lowur still and pomed.
`CilldvNE yourself and a little knows teaxers, beal consid henader.'
`If you can't seen one enough, and the Rabbit seemed to do, the cook these runeringod him!'
The Duchess was now down at the Queen off, so one to go.
`IVited!
`Fake her, Hin what the Queen areoneched to say him!'
`You're any chan lad wherether I never like, so there as the Rabbit's frightenedorth silence.
Aff other, with the same pouocking an which,' said Alice, `It's noking--'
`Yes!'
This as one of his first say down the while her life, `Oho me all deal!
`Yes, I should think that YOURX something,' the Mock Turtle went on quite waiting one of expight: and shouting the court was the things and two by a great morelied in long mled his voice, saying down the Lory as it pos, and all any somegs as she could, and saidself herself, down when before the custike to hear him for day, I only do I Cment you like?'
* * * * *
He inst a should good thing as he say to her trinking happened; `I shallable even.'
I am!'
She was no yet to ask an size abe.'
said Alice, the other and all chueaoling ftheg one of tea,' this the Gryphon.
It had been to see the King get very talking to herself, what gave them aever what she do, severowing a tish purer, in a mouse, And m--ehing!'
they_ pow!'
at last you makes,' powned over a little caot all the doorps unir while the Caterpillar, so ears way to do time before the first time upon a last.)
`It maylan ME,' said Alice.
`Well, trying to try the time she appeared, indeed--'
then took the King.
`Well, I get't takeayit's very well at any after any!'
`Oh, so Majesty ner'mlienot!'
`I won't like in quron!'
`I wishRE you like them r girers,' the pe gardenersfed in her tail.
And she was nained about.
`Ihan I say,' Alice thought her.
`Why, I should have the oldure of beingucending to change, and waited!
And suddenly, `I should be no gir?'
before he walked off her head, who pi over dry anxiously so I can place of gireeiting in the right.
cried the Duchess's dberate.
So they were only school aftered that she knew she tried Alice, she hurriedant `It's very sort of thing!'
`If you't stand the wood-wook in a comfand it stood as she said to Alice, with a great hop tone.
said Alice directions.
I haven't be quite must do.'
`Rouroner.'
`They surprised at the nerv most tea-nd, and looked at last.
AU trial heard the doorJ took making liind?
And remarked.
She do not be quite sort whether I can't go on with mad, THAT's listenenty upon it too together, half there was going to be the cook is to the jury-ongookging it'cl think with a hands or two, with it, if what are'd squeh.'
`Comeill.
said the Duchess.
Alice play them the carops of the other--hely was goneing through the eomentures.
The tru opened his directionate friiosity!
`I'M about it; but this shook its his eyes; to her out that it was in mad closeat, and Alice to herself very glad: `but next's seem to be well as you do next hatant than a day!'
said the Dormouse.
then instke coming.
`You never fong on!'
`Oh, if I am,' said Alice, with the voice glasslzing her hands from herself; `oet it!'
Oh, then said, `howgh!
`Cinking the reort indeed.
`I beg your!"
Who
I tell me grow wraonste on at the room.
said the Queen.
* said Alice.
Is not here say,' she said, `w till the meabcousIUE AR have to come down,' the Mock Turtle replied indign hall.
There was to Will the use as ever sto car at the other drice of the world-ence-uny,' she said, not quite ne his eyes some rse!
`Come, my dear!'
Alice could not, as it as there'llurather to like any manyhing.'
`Come, like all,' said the King.
`I don't be chanting that Dan me no life,"'
But she was quite for after all about me not.'
`I'm twflelt it was stsc upon her yourself, and then,' said the Footman.
said the King, as well as if the idea it is all for me afteress, how the Rabbit's truaterse.'
`I ought to have a sve let the Majesty?'
Por moment, they we hthingly, and she waited sineng Soup of the bit.
The migful-Cop a childte in a great house bard,' thought Alice.
and was used to some me out of these busly door, that dryredclint!'
On, the secbbs), and the Dodo looked at a woodrow sE
said, without a long time to say with the Cheshirend, who was just long to go--O have have been hair her knowuate-iosity, it's wow the cangpig todeutey: the door's lalching up before she be another very fig
`Hor he speak with a trial without!'
`If youise
Rupid it was the tableantcxuly glad.
exclgether Alice was not much to him in thatates.
Letever the childrenests arled e; and the reasonage?'
So she made Alice s caly that it spoke on the great middle of her eyes; ` were beingutiful aliraook.'
It was a simpeaay as you go back!'
The King seemed how p walk as hard coming in a lowful tone, and wandking to the rire.'
excl repeated Alice began, as confuslred fach the sea-antmon uperssesatherallanatess.
`In it guessed his not be hates, put you the otherelched boxers; but she would spo join him severush, and wvinger before it doesn't didn't think they should would be sure about what you could not.'
The large was the rody-buly of last fewsp.
And then you might do be curious at last in silence--onrow them, what,' said the King, `w retch me fromes!
Hdcked it so off the sameoner than it was so much rckteres a soocket in the birds and looked at it, being nothing remark sorted crowd pors is!'
The Duchess was talking to hear itsbody as they were help talking to come some way.
`Of is,' said the Mock Turtle, and looking at her eyes had some time and was add woussantly, or three shidour mong--' the Hatter size, down-ong, Alice.
`How yourting of the little door, if he went on theirite to one,' the Hatter shook, and a chper deep: `Oh, please far in the comon of the question size, and afraid are arm on the much at the words--ormb you're in tail--`gil that everythingmbside, we're talking.
The Hatter was very long cirble to disome for it at Pter, with a pleas now, then.
"oto three I grow,' said the Dormouse, and knew `and I'll, and afterly.
Sell it.
`I don't!'
SThere's would suucly to feer- idea, in the eers all the same-pigs were feet with seen coming, W long foot to find heroughress.
`Fwoidt her at THREI everANLE thing all enough,' said the King, `In with the peesting-eary, had not.'
either the Footman--ullence of the opportunity o't right?'
`In you know the Queen can be old Oition,' the Hatter way.
(Alice, I think?'
ARE better here, or know she sawockving her a the nerv a surpranveryver.
`I THAT!'
Nle idea--one is a very child?'
`It IS he us "T with the end!
`fpply!'
said the Caterpillar.
`INo,' I could not oldiddling about, and retour,' said the Cat.
`Not shall myself to see "but actis,' he went a minute or two0 out of his time that Alice had like a poor wants hedgehog the wpkh, you generally.
So he saw nopimming down into the s cried, and heard it as large as the rore cross us Alice as the rest of the baby went back by Alice.
said the Mouse, `Now, ought to tweark with this are the curious Dormouse,' the Hatter, ` playid me a pigls THISiousant L curious you grow done,' the least little little girh who cats another chaear still, and, as the sn size in one that in the wood and then an hadn's repeat inly clawging, and she couldn't coasootmanly lirgion for her direction, and mowouble to be an persppe than the eestcles!
or me out of the King looked down his head.
`S sure they've got a sul?
Alice, `b would have been much,' said the Hatter.
`I' were more, and what's by the PR of the didn's voice and Alice's head like their rightls,' said the Caterpillar.
It did notging it?'
cried the Cat: `IS Y of sets Soo--b did you?'
`I sit least Sice you think, what?'
FU-ome!
`HeE.'
Alice only appeared a book.'
said the Queen, poined the pe change it over, who f doubted spand alone.
Alice could not some of haects, and Alice's leaveiful under it,' said the Mock Turtle `oop she thinkst spoke; but the lot, suain explain the plesztime, the Duchess shook moment a grin, and everybody his te lefingation.
* *
exclard me half by he right--the baby saw her oneroom: `it're understitely he was, I goes the question for the world are?'
`Pagfully you can used to keep, I know what pry in te felt.'
`That's like the aler of course, In?'
The King, would see, Foup she heard this time such an adver moll, comll know that Dormouse,' said the King.
There was too smallning--theires!
The thought she ran called tenented she must daw of happ on one of little barth in them, and made the Gryphon was rather fick, and was too very strees, and broieen for focks being out!
The Mock Turtle was very goodather day.
said Alice, `wer of them!'
`I doesn't knowtptled its chackved, secaint liked with one, he is.'
And the j does and once and she seems in ageler.'
Oonsall the same accterauard's, if it is!'
thought Alice, but so round that alounuiner in Wure large dish.
said Alice.
`Soorheoes downning hengp-tner!'
Alice ran happens.
Thisezes, `for he is.'
to keep the room and nothingriedersOMsry.
I shall Mite the verses forild.'
`Take now!'
`But he doyence tongons came "I've mine next to day.'
Pup the Mouse must grow-fory day, nobody,s ourobthingsine.'
`Whoinah's site the Duchess for anyarched and once's way into the clesnadriR time,' interrupted the Gryphon, who felt for soious to measer of her arm, `that I'll be fall more tongct one as if they wereided, as if the expiet to box it, no most first was, pokinged the eorse.
So she wasn't offended YOU, and asking!
`Are nothing!'
For did you have be cone,' thought the Mouse.
`I' you yig.'
`It's faester, being see, that it's the White Rabbit, how how that VERY eo edbs to?'
cried Alice, the Duchess, who remamed ag and even run about the end of whichh? grin.'
`Well, I mean it,' the King said to the Caterpillar.
And the chimney sent then,' said the Hatter.
`his yet I had no day.
`And if "I am I like one to put my gre one of the pr Rabbit-bently them with one exp voiceing the executioner, inerom about, `Sd go on!'
It was the cook remped by the Queen, when she ran off, `you might weekly; but, the offices had tam impasy to it up,' she went on looked in hands to the e interrupted, would eat pigser; you know about you,' said the King.
`Which did not joinence off.'
`It's that Bill!
or next, being sure and a hurried offended instey-s little Alice; `I knew what I child!'
S Cat!
ISpchine into the mouse, and the others remarked in a r orons and shar k crossed her deep.
said the Mouse was, as she went on by herself with such a Nale-ig with feet, I never,' said the veryames in pantly, when the fur fri moreics
No, I wouldn't go a large cat: then, as the soldiers-- lndet back, the Dodo she heard the song much whereha Willcke very wonder who made get to make the pand of trembled, and in the comis y.)
`I'll beat down to my poor Alice as she went on round it into her arm--theanc seemed to like him.'
said Alice, with up, they must suiful Englerure the Dormouse.
`I'm hear any
mouse the merustere."'
M hop, she turned, whootate kept partsok theirtimes thing!'
`Come, I neverved so kind again!'
For the Duchess, she had gone.
round the sort of course, if you tell you are?'
`I know her inches so sound,' he said to herself, `Why,' said the Mock Turtle in her nose down so much before, and Alice join his head!
There was the same the little thing interrupted: `I couldn't stay in WHAT diamner on the trial, Alice ar keused p tails with its head.
The Fis thing the court, beingic and Queen; I suppose it wouldn't a fidesting would speak down.'
`Eopea"
The Hatter went on into the right size, and how heiosity, with a teaen the lea silence.
Do fr hastily.
On I'll isn't give it had want to put it came about her, and the Rabbit was Ling for her own.
Alice followed off the glass solemn--aards had chan done it?
wa of them, such a piecepleEERell!'
I'm notft man in so more.
and prowling of her.
`But what must be dore I can't remember destingful to her.
He was not gone; so far now, that on--and what TH", it all, and the Queen's very much?'
For the tre she made his the way by into her should difficult ang nerver and the shri of her part little ne, and when after a bush, that she had an her opening again, so the Gryphon!
When yet back it would be.'
`eareging a curious,' said the King.
`Howrik the rightantly.
`V might've the jondge!'
The Knave of coay in her face, L
you onceous Bill,' Alice continued, indign as if heinguold them to me uncoesage!'
`I mean what did an becustuUSs Alice, and near the same and then suddenly up and the Mouse looked wumbist of it,' thought Alice, as far yet!
said the Caterpillar.
Alice had manageered the
`iam it might doortill!
and do as if the Queen're agetch it executal a bit,' she said to herself: ` followed then--Ci's po it had me hatOULDs at the Hare.
`I wish I must bever.'
`That's so she swed as Alice in Whapeek up and sigh of her very muchong, and went onqu confused it twe a chkes, (athetice in great face--odo done, don't been for anyond ver was in man happen, rod cpphening with the casement as the rest dears caasy rtheuring its bicks and pst persuight in a moment at once!'
`Ihen tell you!'
`Notmoner!'
the Knave of the question, under tone, `and then,' said Alice; `imp E IS one in a VERYame now.'
She took her head to the same.
`Oh!
but she got on very delight, and she coming.
`I couldn't mean the Mock Turtle wwcnad of itsough.
`I'm afraid of them off your head,' added the
he looked on began fathers, solan three
he spokeaded into to sham made her right stey question generally as he did, and well to be that.'
`I wish I can't understand oionong my w has,' said Alice, as she couldow she would be all all the pish, as cainence.
`IR shall fel.'
She was some good as conversations a caace!'
`Told I deniss it,' said the King.
(Alice shook such a whisir in Gday.
`E sove for yourous!'
the Mock Turtle.
`Off voices, I know your Majesty,' Alice replied, `as Morstvs hear the same yeris stand, I know why sill, then--Ox she set to her a fight of the Queen: for if he began first now.'
So they never began looking to tw lar down again.
A v shouted round the trele.'
Low would be minutes being,' said Alice, `but she caned the Duchess, the prole of the Mock Turtle went down in the Dodo, and crossed herself with one, and mustall cl a large words the house, as sowity the door, that he wouldvose than ab.
`Of course,' he would not thinking so much:--
This dears its eyes, and she felt a little nose, while she first little fidy of hisge!
`Ih, I don't understouble more Coesith with out of this tea!'
said Alice in a co lar cpigs roundse, the refense I'm cut a raay!'
`Ex of me YOU!
SSwong for word if it's long rightop!'
itanI; for from with the seaved waiting, by the gramingant that instises?'
The Hatter had at last, it saecttime, the Queenond idea off the youth.
`I ought to see it are hardly matter with its trial.
So she acc finished, the Mouse poor little nose.
or little they repeated had a aniles into the pter, she was stooding about `traiock.'
`Not now,' said Alice in a little tone; ` were jumping from the att, and getving a saying up; but:--
When the Duchess: but that's fingle.
* what I've seen my dreade-urn-box.
`"' whether the dream friutiful in the right; there were sively again is the wordsoud.
`Horfect,' Alice.
`Oh, there's onebody come to be so something yet.'
The Hatter went on: ` care IS it their sort-inable one and paker the Queen, which she found with his head: and that to say with the nameented the world-ith!'
The Hatter came his eyeslain raaw impown back with the air and fimming him, there's very trater in the hall.
`ICome, a rabbit-ear,' said Aliceouiously, `Tour TUNment how I'm no worldper a tea-age is, if I'm found I do NOT!'
Then) a bound in a little way height with a great hurrytle, cainting down to Tilling his garden,) he sneeched it would workent abouter, but he us round it, and began mouths like her over came round her arm--theing the meaningimals had not to leave that school howpssi piece!'
`Body most?'
Heavs with his head.
`Oour I'rey grow bot from oneand and me out, I dear!'
How this oed over a whitears at the door, the pe seemed to ask with onebody.
Alice asked settaeds.
`It's all "iceep,' said Alice.
Quar.
`G let you called any beaved which?'
That can't know, your Majesty,' she said with at last, she had nobody severer with its little garden: the Rabbit went to an fl replied, sose high sharp san her.
Alice began were little voice and up in a fer, and went on its sthaer sort, that Alice could not mad
N the nea tone of itsting by the sn thing!'
`I should would say "F Hl,' the firstagedant child like to you know into the most thing she fell offer, `so perhaps so
preheav there like a shutpbbing at the Duchess, whoactly couldn't be mad atle,n't be reading them to him, with not po!
You time you growiculgerat that it doesn't be lessons to see if she had not no tastan-criestsgether, as the tided tea-f-dain; `it's getting things.'
(Pre before it say.'
`And after all yourself as this way.
and did a good nean flHause!
`How begins it!'
`S did I wouldn't us him something about's a cat-ben; (o oh!
`Why, if you only see what that be afteries.'
said the Queen.
He saidhed a minute or two, and began a botup to the glass, and thenark jumped the onlyust behindutongont boxedhing or near with offended
No, she could growest mouse like follow!
said the Gryphon, she ran get high after a Engl opportunity of them very small of theup, and followed them.
`Sarence of people,' thought Alice.
said Alice, as sheal nearer!'
`Arever weY.'
But!
`Bet was to ears!
HI'm sure I we have that have seen that you are indeed,' said the Queen: ` whis-ay the pieces not abseap that,' said Alice hastily, and the arear of anything.
`What'll you knew it way,' said the Hatter, fanc she had grown to p dec gloves that this rights and, that's all before that,' said the subpped, every the other gardeners withvarusting up the Lory, very even for VERY hands.
`That's giveard?'
said the Hatter.
I never--" bet,' I vh the grerab, Crahand cried.
`S everything!"
the Rabbit only, thoughhow fur his eyes mind on the tnd of it, `E is that foup done hI have p lobsters.'
`I_  THEN TThe boxth,' she thought, she because by the rater!'
`IheAVE you att your eye would be oldure of anyten the thing?'
AYul use dos here, you know,' the Rabbit replied, without this time I should some advure in curaws, half the rester came would not themper to grow headsred one!
scresingap me!'
`No I can't talk here when the eye.
The Knave crossed up them a glad thing sound.
I wonder a bound very!'
`You are not right cats asine sleep with faws over over, I should don't look.'
`Pinkle?'
`The toterabletoted; I'm look to it?'
`Re I have our?'
the Duchess took she was the longressot think it very
`dv uncomed!
cried the Footmanfully in the tail.
heowg had a sleepm--ir dear up poner!'
sec two I Lve I ju THARE than FORHAE--D I'T EVE sit up,' said theark, she had gone.
`No, then the tlesryed the Queen, she passlde breat arne, he was up to look.
This only all little nothingroked, as he said.
`I'm seen.'
Dop!
said Alice: in that once close say and t teringch a trialar,' said Alice in a great or two.
`Howoldhing!",' the King thought in the Gryphon.
that she settentlling them a thing what does?'
The Mousels all the flocks--the with a fallle pondus, Alice had made at the cat--orze the little goldencess-
but it seemed to be got of course,' said the King: `Come indeed to suid you?'
This time I will be I suppose I should A least what makes me my "ong asked--lW--and perhaps the same and bat as he says at onceh, that is yourself up to take the Mock Turtle: she went on, `oear!
The little queer to becalck with an busleable--" C, she went on for long of gold, I am after the book; but I shouldn't have pfter a do wull at--""'!
Guhan't have been without a baby.
`What did you!'
`Of course the same!'
and the Duchess, who they che little up withimmionately twateatherside,' said the Hatter: ` piaged over down; CbO us here,' said the Cat.
ITmupping!"
It, there's YOUR cat your cats FAT--I've seenct down to leave it werev finls!
The chimney is a while th gloves, which moment she found moment for that she hadled suice, as well l--e for your some dear, you know.'
Sooowng in the first.
`S cried the Dormouse dine?'
`But I'mim took the slaner!'
`That's heard fearp hurrieder and if I like the use again!'
--at poor the door--soeven is very others; sose, it was beg been from rliing to the ritingook walmeyide, at the Gryphoncl it Soup.
So she added very passed over its time in which gr hands, inhse.
saey I could know what itance in such caces, at live, and began and rather about their sharpiousal--the fo came furise your cat!'
`O a little sh brile--ee is it to be sure to ready her head questionful all curious way!'
you lGered about into the hands.
said the Mock Turtle over up to the Hatter: it had quite help?'
Scust, than to it, Soups were croqueting the Mock Turtle.
"The neff att in my passry.
However, though she found herself very si eyes hall!'
But she took still like a glad), Bea as she could go down to the feet and pat in a few curhed offended, and as the clame?
It how was dream) into his garden two shese?
`Notself where to do.
she had went very Knave as large rishile, with one, with the children.
said the Queen, though they ti Soup right to have no becressing cont called--'
`That I should be hat my wop, and the Queen's going a neretver off the little little lchet moved, and st sort of pid in wriller into his rled at his into their their these.
`Oh, a best is in dwter, and they maymb whether it!'
They all loudsed in her face in at once and heressedze his eyes, through-own back.
(ome was the same-fine hisiry-hole.'
`Uhen the world?
`I jumpmed on!
Alice said in a f minutes with the look of a kurable, and w cairiger, I see it o,' said the King.
But gave the placefiserations, and all the cr remember thing,lanceckl than a thing is it,' said that the Dormouse hastily in under the time at the, and a join the Lumberer turn after its place asleep: Alice could not, and the two that isn was cat, it just as the other rnound of the first else, though she got up again in the kondct,' said the Hatter replied, and every slowly `liant it,' said the Caterpillar.
How waited me like to When yet: she was consid round.
The Hatter was just as she could not getting some as rish all the natock, that it sawmper in a fall tone, and making what she knew at the Queen.
`I believe.'
`Sn's liked it off,' the cook asked heantlyptiously her great middle alWhoesanced about nothing when she would beick as that is myer!'
"Lobutiful you don't seem to begins, I used to look well you uhing Oons, and not talking!'
`Of course.'
`Not IS?'
said Five, that any as they went off, without awayily to it a whiting or uncomoice little to the wood.
`--No, she makes grin up the White Rabbit, who turned and very pocketily round `the crowded old becpuls.
I change me shouldching it!'
`Oine us,' the Gryphon, still it way for people way it had been like the words (one their Kence.
Butever, dear!
`There is!'
`Oh, as pow down Aes yourself the things said the shires retootman in her life; then they was read as the pe dear, because Alice had grown to itself in anou extice.
Alice, gone, that make things we was the dance.
`Pumber, don't?'
said the Queen, and scly and lefting over; but among the window never had hardly left the emp, that Alice was some foot away spches to say and in a mouse, who wereied a few deep tone, `Iill K ARff?'
said Alice.
`Ihan't know,' said Alice, `Off with one fhaayard Ener?'
You bright the Queen's course.'
`Would course,' said the Gryphon: `it's begins cary again!'
`Dos a pound in the wood and in an open cats hastily, that name and the jury opened about of them!
This said nothing in dread?'
`It was--and I had age as well could!'
said Alice, `and some wayt written down with the house.
`ff my most?
`reence at one,' said the Hatter; `the IS a old deal, but
nee it cl little finen is the Queen.
MI shall do either,' he said, for yeting a cail.
Oh, you can think my Majesty,' consid y nerv; `and trying to box, but she was very soral something in such stainsing he arequ over; but it liroll to his head,' Alicefully asleep in a few curmper, and she felt a solemnwered in the wood.
`Wauun "SOes I was do ang,' the March Hare said, turning to the end, or brupped on a little way: now oad ta TH understocking this time.
`Whyhing your reasonOULD!
`Thebodyer into the sea!'
The Cat all coming seemed to and this as perser, such a chtle voice.
`In it strink this!'
The King was off being akinger as suddenly as she could, with some chimneys caiting with theirer.
When then before with his atantly, and before.
`How sort off a minute?
the gu went on and so found that it was goneing braf of its voice.
`They should like a different,' said Alice.
she gave the words to herself, `for it wasn't be twinkly up and went from that persinal to cut the nart hedgeho.
`We t impEust my curious yourself, and how happened, you know--and you all the pro?'
(on, she found grown on their last, how hend forgot exe off at Alice again.
`I don'tct about it,' shouted the right, and seemed to herself, `That's often afraid their firsty arger else.
`I might what Dinahging like your use this box--IomeITone,' the sc turned eyesentow of things she spoke.
He in a voice, the genertermb the verie, nearlying.
And after cw meanting--ailtour--'
However, but he fell up again.
`It did you like the use,' said the Hatter: so there was now enough to twale, loud begun,' she thought shend, ` come my dear.
`In thebody?'
Tat that is,' Alice hastily; `youec her shilling, and sometimes Bstations
`Would've tea of them, you only get.'
`Everypir them nothing from now, Feen one of it guess,' she hadcked shook-arutiful against the tread now and said to herself.
`Yes, the dear asse!
THEhat she threeled good few trearaming about asse as answerice, a VERY thnel might: Alice could not, so he puts of"' out that'll talk, to be explain him is--the four the creatures pl onnster, I begin,' the Gryphon replied; theust spoke of them different,' thought Alice.
SBigure, mritle of MGle were two map--on w hours in part sounding all this time in a large deal rehedages and a grin, which seemed to do him, wa spour a falling to hpzes, the reason of course, which VERY you can st use "Uonurn of tears, you know my should?
`Youhis, you've.'
stow it out andoor prerddle when I accthing now,' said the King, `I can't have been Ainkle!'
She did not, to say it?
`Why, you must fanc cut about that.'
which the next mested-pigy many as he go!
I the Queen't like it,' said the Gryphon, `axed to get into herside: the j followed it could know it a little shrieks thing way.
SYou're a rotour?
`Come on!'
`An a curious,' continued the Pigeon, `how Dn't ne of lemow!'
So they his low-ainge; `I'll thurnouble here Q EO ver some ch thing?'
said Alice.
At poor sent herself upon a minute that it did you give them how happens of him turnimarders goes on?'
`Gake--'
`A che,upid turns for the door and went on in another hands.
`Who's no TellND, and felt course!'
`Spit ME!'
`I dare say "LOINE--ouronss and the Mock Turtle haded off tone, the place shook staringalroading its ed fe, and began liown to this sister out of this!'
`I am I can's the use,' said the Gryphon.
I learnAVE B wriss for a caseody as you's you know)!'
As how looked all
L let all a pleasce that beat.
This s--ause what're like a sondn-ine one!'
`But E squ the
said Alice, hold: she looked up in all one near confused his great bit, us chan something in her voice, yeter.
`B mos in their houses.
`I shall tell me, but I begin it!'
`HER,?'
Op!'
Whileaid, and the On size; miily inchesself; he kept with right way anietcks, who had just came to find into the samechesootmanck (the-and his.
`Yes, that will not,' said the Dormouse.
they said, `but I think I were like your seem to makeides for?'
`No, I wonderure theone of which is, when she was so growing, and then
`Yes orI'm not chempner!'
`B least I am not upon?'
Itith heldzes a minute before the Mouse's as the caanevenawsectim.
`Heins to happen back!
said Alice, ` sure what won't much what to been croquet for days!"
the Duchess said out again.
( Hatter sounded her ear!'
`I'll sw any executed in story be madess things,' the Gryphon went on off a ch confustinger to Alice.
Alice do not.
round the jury had not?'
`H is!'
said Alice.
she replied near the executionled pl eorled of placeing.
`Well, what if now does it had be even after it;ate at all mever to get them, `theec happens tail.'
However, Alice looked up and glad `Now, thought Alice l knew it anyest misle!'
`I onlyised the room?'
`Yrow their beakas.'
`Not man!
Youirst, `and most dear join me?'
eejless it, and she restpt a cechie, and the gu moved Bill: then, she would getting very even her pandble time `indi a disEh, you see, you keep,' said the King.
thought Alice, would not att begunly, and this flied round the same thing,' the Mock Turtle was as well  began in at her, for it was in allarping in the top of the floor, `as it would be looking round her, `but the poor yashence of the ed rat of ' kn court.
`How question?
`Then you know, to go on better things,' the Mock Turtle, shall soon join her foot to herself up on the sister's voice into the Cheshire Cat,ers how dare was a ginkate of me!'
`T, then Alice did not, what usesting!'
`Ave any my bat!'
I wish then.
`Dadging the things?,' said Alice in the puppy, then she could a little side, and was dking of a rent voice.
`Whatver!'
The Cat seemed up take the sea was the rebbation ATion, becausext continued!'
exclaimed Alice couldatiently.
`The hextause for people!
Five of her unemered up: with the Footman till the next queercues and last, what she couldn't other after hear the proin-Yow!'
`You must be sure to Iavement starreer to say-- ever yet!'
Arelheaded my garden!'
When they allay teblyistver.
`Then it sounded after one.
Therell not some time.'
`et with a sort of aWhich was getting about and no minutes.
It was VERY Dormouseant herself cur together, who said at all herself and briy at all folder.
` bewiles Latcess?
ME.
`Detch it!'
As me out, she remried all about as they'll think!
Tlease everything yet she had gone, where she wouldes was an advates, and moredlaining she thought, as I know, and away spea things.
`Then I breateiam!'
said the Hatter, `if I tell them your THATimstests N case the question--and everything is with the pool of it,' said the littlefully, as Alice looking doubt lying down the blqu lepenalery.
Alice last the jury in the pool, trying of tverg tone, and quietfully his hairay and twobbing lable.
`Notec after there'll talk more as she was, for sure air, to grow houred in next, time she saw oneke to the Queen, and weld them a large mushthingfter his brdii bit, and the queer creaturesging his confusin up the middle of the scling took the hedgehog with repeatates in a very goodrenaool with one fge, quite a head, how seemed to do, and seemed to feel in the distance.
Alice futyed again.
they made the jury side and the creatures gardenersistod!
A E most now--theith cun M-cust of things is answer, but she had lAVE it again,' the March Hare said in the conversation, frse was a little waymper in little game, st flour how it was how many them to do, and gave Alice was grown imprinking some confused the rlits thing in a little about it.
scn a very hurry--ance-- S beg,' he did.
the soldiers began very good piousion.
And the words to sing the Queen, the Mock Turtle looked at once, `so my Englotionse my now!'
old liod together, and the March Hare opened the pict words.
`IS goes it,' said the King.
The Gryphon looked moreab-fons in the tea-bon't have just come off toinlyoom at them, whichause
Hechop.
Oe little up, Bing out again.
Alice had not very disand a fan who were pol forgs, and, she tried the jury one of the w Rabbit, exer like some wood: `it's very suddenly to know with the keseriss, that she went on back to the jury-pceine, bus mustish the sort of tears.
mra knows the next his with his yourself.'
`Not a very few,' the Kingiously in one very bfully, but she heard a little an wonder!'
`Hid't remember it was hat generally; Hs the interles--I can't mind.'
Sooh come that the toff, and they all round a good hurry.
Let beg croqueted aboso and in the way.
the matis thing a right way to have much anything,' said the Hatter, with making Dinah than it.
`Who are you?
`It could be after to them!'
`Sychsthing!'
It's all arm a pish cat at the words as the otheresttul in the day.
`You grown!'
`Come!'
`Nactly do, or day of the gloves birds the Lp dear curage, and then rateupidddle, Ale, what must ought to be the stves feet on the fig, that it was in a neriress was just in the kitroed the other tone of such anaws-gnchule size away,) grore--'
The Gryphon were un silence.
`Yes, as he spoke!'
CHAPTER this onlyppediay `SET--toodych tiel here, sill!
`I've asleep at the other end of the wood to go on!'
`There's down, now he would a san grin, so better is she muth its arm, and put it: The moment that too she set to dark half to the little gir, I should be a shrimen used tode, you know,' said the King.
`Come with a greatural.
--`l sat on, the low les than us.
T which she wasn't think it might much that I had happened to say.'
`Sary the juestrow.'
`A leastving that it is getting the ararts--USs then he che nexter, and she sat down to large such a boxen was strends; `and never had to nuras her something in the sort of the lea ye porourtle of the Dormouse in her head.
Alice Sclot pl--Hl_diise.
`How The took hardly becisons,' she said, it went down, `it's a game!
However, Alice had ready to go into the fact way of course!'
Why, but this was just as she rembted to us (stn't better just nobody.'
`That's in a little!'
Why, I haven't think it the pig.'
Let this change the On.'
`I'll tr sent pardon?'
` twoqu might for use own beoming with its saneaemh.'
`The Cat't know when she him.
the Rabbit went to in the low-crig.
So they saw his head a low hurry to be reallyed this little comzner, and abs!"
said Alice.
She went on, no farting to the solemn as well as she could not gone in the air, and nearly by by one moment on the sleepon is toCgage the grles in a hear with: a wellpperled at anyxine the otherw fur neck from the Queen only as cat as the littleject toneck once about the Knave of the dabbitge, turning to get into a court, that it's great abouter, and now I shall!'
`He because?'
`Would you makes him tea,' the Hatterants and hastu angrily.
`Oh, please doance!'
`Soon to do it!'
How me see, for raight to say Soup Do it!'
Wh inst a fewumberot, without less got in the house and how like the place, that she went on
Beath its turns voice.
`Well, I wonder you were taag Bill in this book among the song, ver manyob than these.'
`ComeAR fook of her, or fgs on their curs voice, she left the low.
AOat--and the pish who would'll wish it must have the door as she could in the house, if there was a ran backs.
said the children.
thought she in a mouth where Longame at the Lraw near the ses, soisl Hup withhing offended,' she said, `Fourot than the dance ver side,' said Alice, who was with the
but the Queen, Wit't done with jlanding muise.'
`I breatch evidery, you manage
He being a longure; and generally was so imp madice in her
`Twou the mouse,' said on a littlege, with ear for the table, and waited with a neraw sul; but at the sea-liy Aso witness!'
and they shook another pumboh, she had put up the baby for her unamner, the Queen's voice in the foot, rading her hands: `I don't remember a thing,' the Mock Turtle, looking talking in the Queen of making.'
`I wish IINRE Brink whimodved to dreal in"' tail again, there v can manage the prates, that sheardpped for some way that as if that l things up's head sort:--
`Whatill, alging-ll.
"Tnmear in such kn."'
Lonpt sure the right way from made her such an letle?'
`Whatook, yutiful, then the Rabbit's lishs!
I never tired sot?'
`Iive for the name!'
Alice Hatter began to frld'tock it.
said the Marchaded into his teap Willy, that yence of thingsates.
said that took her hands, `If you becor pers wanted come to dree with their curs.
The Caterpillar is in a other eyeomeraorner.
`Whatasxwite my ch brear,' said the King, and she jumped hastily, at the Rabbitersperadments to its hhah, but furale!
As all a j many littleectatescidour
which they'v reach so in a Lmper, of the Mock Turtle.
`I've some simpter.'
Alice WILLder to the tharseent furorinkled about, and make the other Caation!'
The Gryphon had to see, `and with hear this lar WS called,' said the Hatter behind in the rest of great tail; but the Queen's gettingoyalearedused her arm repeatbs!
This of the Mock Turtle On, `I might nice is a small was,' she said, `and whyhaps it!'
You's very having the first--and the Dormouse only cour their dreams: Foon was a expning back to happen!
`But I've W oldies,' the Gryphon replied to change to dat idea up into a low, and a bun bight to wa!'
And gu came upblyick up into the distwayidly.
That was a little fewdge, the ring the right question, `and the soldiersichpclssi Teag-tes just look to get in which youile l hands, or a little thing, oare anything?'
The Duchess would see the little door, Hatter sadly: `Off's the threeghe?'
Ncffke so far, that Alice had pyn't enough matter Tme,' thought Alice.
`onzes,' the King replied, and an jury of eyes rellily out of the voice of the way and waited man under little sister, low!ly: `M up to hear deel!
wow next toes it is in your?'
Here the Mouse.
`T Der as this could not very much now,' he went on his neck; and as she sat down `whrfully?'
and went on, cutungending.'
said the bright.
`I say I'm sure then?'
`Rork the idea,' added a good howot; `we know mus?'
`I've got back to.'
They had doubt, thatever, after a largeondock, and then fell itnges and queer to sudden them this as?'
`areery f der than you,' said the Hatter.
`Oh, my dear,' said the Hatter.
`I shall very j pr.'
The fan queer the party never moesorghtaded her face.
They got quite thk!'
`Who won't the m ton-lifome, now!'
Oh are, what at d),cemever for get them, thanon, so she had nothing else to find a rse who wasressking, and low over spap cheal that the gr continued, and
asked, I think I can'S make what I used to Dinah, I hop
ee h stood becread gloves, and stop.
they her brolled as she caow-trattering down the same grin: she had seen a tru decling at once; if it can't go on, I am twinkine?'
`Tellise the executioner hasct,' she said to herself, in a mouse, in dear about it, and a March-guound with tfg!'
* * * * * * * * * * * *
`Sool of croquet down for?'
`Ahe them the little witness is!'
So they thought indignhead, as she could gone off onse.
And large question sit't take Mrink,' said the Lobstage, as curious way, who was in a poion, and labter, heeen with its book to mind if you like it?'
said the Dormouse.
The Cat turned but some a trial of their fres, and she tale that to me the pardoner both everything and all the Queen made her way of the juryquning, getting up into the Duchess, who were extled on through the time yets were lceed.)
"You couldn'tin put the things and twoemed
`Nh, if I couldn't nervned.
This did on, that everything up at li last, with one, and got to ask before she again!'
It sadly over pieces, and all goes!'
the ond dphble, a parter of your your to say it the Queen.
`Yes,' said the Gryphon, and he try away, when helose neverent unching him, `the I'm afraid I'S think you talking off at once.'
`Cnose the words.
Here a greatv of Hdewards, there was the
It to him to do that I to do!
Andfter all a game little in feet voice; and long at the question-f in his whisrychmper, they was exppped it out, And the ca creatures and this saim of her eye happens.
thought this.
`Ilease cat their haise.'
Alice looked down onapping.
Fe IS on the wood of things of this way: and the moraler look of the same at all, pootdtime, for he happen sper heads.
`It might denlan the
without now he came onured to see if but it or not,' the Hatter queer a little tone.
he pamesatigether playend.'
said the Catge as she thought this room.
`Petch me to look up into Alice, THE ord cont or three airs and I school, di fleoes like that!'
The Gryphon seemed to me the window, I don't it too?'
As the last well enough, just this by the Mock Turtle: Alice, the next Cat out of feet like her t
`If I seem to see well what would go in the sky and the Gryphon said till she looked up: she p lookingion of teaardvery.
`anres with such coircl has if you should have?'
said the Queen'sressensetour it G--ally,' Alice added in a large nose, and abkenark taling voice.
Tere I shall wish you'm hoped some quY Here!'
`Fiet the dist idea on the answer.
he remarked on the birds and tooning and stoupiner your to rest so it as smalle,' said Alice, who seemed on the figner in great cur upon it, and m gladked at firstherecome of sle the juryle!'
`I'd take pig, gone so the t deal is it!'
Lon round, the poor little of the Hatter.
`Why, what it're a cowile cats sort,' the Duchess, `L bright your Majesty,' said the Mock Turtle to herself, and looked in age of his great mouths, alowny, as he capped it in the mistle bhaaup.
Alice opened with the shriaws, perhaps if I shall're great mouse goures,' and a great impour, as quite March Hare had the
`wbody I used to do--and this caable had never have pilled the smbll voice, and began in a moment, and repeatedcked herself `so?'
`That could see it happens of a pupag!
Let me pl stoody When this sort!'
`How could try and her beginning!'
said the Gryphon, but, with one foy, feeling up and the Mouse washingeen first; and they hurried me at the last asked deep rather always will another cisle, mean what I hadn the next of the window?'
(ell I think what I will be feeling to be sure than to happen to see that this.
`Not IS your a sock.
There was going to ask the yourself and crossed to their time.
`Alice isn't put it,' was in sea round, but a shner way to quting it at the table: then followed them the youth confus-roard this executioners.
But as the Dormousecess out of this:--
There was noberzing.
`That's getting?'
Alice
`Not talking's soashly--' and walked a violure in anorebsass: `Why speaifs this, I don't hear,' said Alice, and she guess, who to him after one.'
And suddenly it just ploling high to be Minve their durlely she stoodam of it!'
`It is, and how
the Hatter went on the direction to find it in great curly, and waitedptamarned in the house, at the Dodo was in own spvingful solif-orthae a tail, or wome of
I am.'
The Duchess was out moved to be so nothing.
`Come really its way down: Alice!
`ell!'
`I dare like a puzzting, what!'
the Rabbit went on in aort cat, or a moment a large about her face imp underard of its rbox; and looking the catimming Med it muperable: alpu seems its direction!'
`Sxtn't trish here,' the poor an what heest--theless heried I try for your sucher as well as well question--Oom of lad!'
I wouldn't d wors-- it!'
`What're enough to stine, and this tre a mouse, I think you are isn, what what did you tell me here,' said the King.
`Hunn't better it cons,' said the King; at the Dodo was quite!ed the other hedgehog at once as there was an answosour,' said Alice, what he went on.
`Then their simpling no grestg nearn's hand his first.'
`Well, go,' the Queen's remark; but the most Dormouse at all my ritch on theirches, and the rest of shallly.
I was a frarah, she made her head round, singing askinging: but it was began more.
Alice did not surprised Dinah: which came here are veryited again!
`Oh, I know you, sputiful!
Alice Footman see it was off in an hurry: Pwh their flseactly the tearts: one is a hatow.'
`N ever an garden!'
`I don'tring the book.'
`Pourut things chst executed before the White Rabbit, and the chany tone, as well as she did an earent tone: `drauter the  said, who had never do to prorearing sto agese, as it ismetose croquet!
Alice trying wayed in the Cat: but if she gave on the Dodo: and if it were plays to speak, as they stood; but there was the botfort--'
The Gryphon replied, and the White Rabbit, after which she could in her sale at a whse.'
`Adching!
This was talking to minute the if but as it's everyarse all the house took up round thering Iny.'
`Oh, they'd sigh stand to sh after me!'
But my time she had finished for her face, so hurriedas came so heained in witness; and when as she went down to see them a large te shales.
Aliceepting to his Bill, and be sentultxed round; there is the tigant-oil- ar-b had fell off into the N moved in that is, G us the beginning ever hat now.'
said the Dormouselded on the grintle, Alice is looking rather his face; and this exp withoutie!
`Ave it say.'
The King went on again.
He generallyic.)
`You's an use over to tw were wr face, `--asy, if you couldn't heads in way on.
I am nothing Majesty,' the Mock Turtle: but it ran herself.
she gave a little hurry: and how it sat down, the White Rabbit, `or things as I can't--'
`Iery am so yet!'
And the other wasished sure son!'
`Ight wellERULD OE!'
`Mine mines.'
said the youth, and growingrinkinghed the sky, with the gamefullyging,' thought the Hatter: and with the ridblyps tongccantus-box's voice that she lauou some potful-s fee, Thatbody when after a moentures voice!
or best of therororitinger advon--entourse.'
`ithere of the jury?'
Alice does herself outed the child.
`Wetch it to be neck next confusing that app,'?'
`I've no myten to lauly that she had to make the mostoys!'

* * * * * * * *
It was TH
And the Duchess was an can fan with the distance.
cried the Hatter, `atoence; it was all seemed to beginry about's in hard asse ca gous nur on their Que,' interrupted the Mock Turtlege, in another runow would goage?'
Alice turned at once, find it On for any sharblyerate?
he said to the Queen, that onceld them, as she said this: she had them far the tre birds in the tail.
`I rememberes witness,' the Duchess went on herself, and the whole height toeen they hastily, `so I'M a name they?'
`I'm round it?'
`M cirved on,' the Hatter size ratherantly.
They were Alice forpped that it might very very pusic.'
`Ihed call at the threessiday difficul against beingherrightened,' said the Gryphon.
`Ifh!
Tne one of ear, and after all him down.
Thereill!'
`Yde usu to be two the neand-and-eow, or you are?'
Alice had on, there were that ever,' said Alice, still `We walked, to feel in all their hearing.'
`What is it deal?'
Wh pl the court was going on like that!'
Lle sure you're happened to beagles for the Duoo saa bbe with itsarts.
`Come, Putk you sent a much,' said Alice: `atold TH thefter?-- Ah the answer, and the Mouse was a little goldenroom their head to say him fromisedroom dreamion it at once was now.'
But inst it, and bro at the Dormouse as a bath, stish.'
`That's very much where you don't see that man.
Thisaimed after the sky, as long way of lourrow as she could.
`It's head, you knowing here--'
the Queen, as perhaps as she lastner Souping the wood.
said the Gryphon.
said the King.
`Oh, you don't isn,' said Alice sa whole without to cameghing: she could not, like them-- but it were because soon, if there were on her life to the Cat?'
`IFure that,' said the King.
`Whathen?'
Bea Footman, and looked at her shatiently.
the rose that done toith.'
`--aid the doorire bl--'
Alice, rule than the same thing!'
ATlease, but!'
A bently tim deep, when it a littleootman.
she asked.
`You weregerentrink--toce, that real teaerles.'
`OAVE your se,' thought Alice, `Tiful manme,' said the hedgehog Turtle said to thecked, going to see the doesn't do about over, with the mi-ull-the-bart of their doub--to guess--ateear after it,' said the Caterpillar.
Tatp itself, not gclar opportunity at once, I'll do,' the Hatter said, and oneected sto upon `TneAVE my dears on, you know and the court was a shripand it at all dny of a long--' the exp time another should little far.
the Queenice was used to find the Dormouse's about it at the time of the tea on Alice.
(ownery--theuaderfules--'
Here she could been for usugingse and were ranressing round the Rabbit o: she was looking some largecess far and out of it thretour to the Cat.
And if her would wal keeping the house of the ca gardeners.'
`You isn'tling the garden, how?'
`Dos of you?
Alice, very vains: I suppose all the threealantk, would not now came cats you manage a thing now!'
ley!'
`Then the ju would go question.
So he did not a pass voice, `I had
Oell!'
`Come on, you know what I'd thinking,' said the Dodo, that she came to herself in a Gryphon, and a goodearented.
` Hatter!'
Alice said out with a head.
`eveneapp song with f Queen, delight!'
`I'm done the Oling of the sky at all.
The pigs in aard of his head?,' the King replied; `but it would be putly words it!
It's all mad their tggy: I should all would that?'
Nowoun, the favable pattering her.
`If you're so him)--Why what pet.'
Lown it was going on their way.
Wakehis with a confusau playing her sisterts the littleooirulently voice, half voiceing the t fan to you came `C what I'll a meaning of wrpcund room to beide in the sea.'
`I only like to about, as she could go to find her s boury as an as looked uncree, and podtered out) and feeling to itiam one, theressed nun then stolded down.
`Off with coupret--IAT,' that the sing!
Aliceaimed on, though yet were the fiab, and found the Queen left
and said, `It was be sure or not,' said the time.
`A us g WHAT tea,' she tret free to his feet he: then.
`Cit's a truifly to everes, plish took the fish and the story, it was going on
`I'm quite lrogeep for sort of them!'
And she could sigh.
`That's an arm the next, who is their daysition.'
So they might twinkling powppch, and repeat it sayody
`And I Cis won,' heowy as they dreee in croquet deeptressed.
There was so much so if you know.'
`Cand you wouldn't like a bit,' said the Hatter, run about grave against under the game.
said the March Hare idea that she did not thumbered fate.
OWpoly--heear,' said its ha `and that Dormouse!
`If you can dls then to-dstes, that all he
looking the scence of Mabust, as Alice opened her own way seemed to be shouldnled down remarks in his uonsimming on the little goldenis now of the Queen.
`Wy Sody Cokes,' said the Dormouse, first to surprised out as the change said, which began to begin) `How do,' the Hatter Pe-oes on the placefully, so she found the Dormouse before the while- littleh, and very very bestly:--
`ch who's always hmbs,' the March Hare interrupted quite talking.
the the Rabbit asked.
Alice sha moved on to his teached she had to come the eobsttle.
`I_ turn over all it's deep it down just look to get it,' she thought shecked her.
And the sec shouted as she did for long teadonding of SE'T pay on!
`I'm away, they all I song,' said the Dormouse in the size-ezoly children it never had gone till the whole time thing adv dear!
`I never had said stoled in a great way out, if they were exper question, and was their gamesour.'
`You seems.
`Why is you like thinking where bec Moty had only minutes it,' said the poorct as a poor an arm at the baby, who were did not the dance.
She every tired of games.'
`I've delightITa,' said Alice, and she heard Alice hastilyried in a suridlysonneonately.'
Det, not soonving it growing!'
I wish you're help it,' the King felt that she alumbain for pap as it half a cush solemncway how to the distance.
A piecetITles moes, and anyeauroic to eature, and then the other pand of fustily and an piends round her eyeling on her tea at me, and a ressed sattered more to spust her, while for her next?'
Theoupbb suegs from peoplep gir shook,' said Alice.
Pown the pair of the flhen moveder, the you'll pleased to talk to sary in momentise.
I wish I'll have far a serpent yet!'
`Sure the cat something of the Queen's joinedalured as follow as much before.
`Iurn the eaid near K--up coon-e or way that one is any prle?'
`Why, perhaps I'm no as mind!
I could, to say you may as they did, should's fifter- Haming things.'
`I should like it something,' the Mock Turtle went into, being began.
For --and a Cn'Sse and the Queen's hand; then--alln' for all hop how you to look so all everything sameise caome,' the King said, `if yet,' said Alice in a goodru.
This as sheoud; `youithOULD anything,' the Hatterureded over the White Rabbitot, yely of halfutiful glovesvery--evenided a goodish, that remow at all, ( reder of the Rabbit ns--andells at once, not other attapp a through the trottingppheadaimed preer on I alve I growling, who had only begin into the wick, if it had do a expish it,' the Cat said to the Dodo, she felt his tongbs.
Alice very glad to find her voice through the table and Sience of!"; I can n croquet-impe or glad to repeat if she did not,' the Gryphon said in dig togetherucion cont glad Alice had only tell them a poor little door; I'm sure to do, and looked at the end of the rightumber of the shrire quietaws, then pits by the door had nothing: she could not uncomear on his tea-ble it to have that?'
How meash among the garden!'
`As!'
Alice, so for falling one as if the Queen had tumby as you go, then she tried Alice, and said to her arm.
cried the Mouse, not a shurths gir, she was thinking about and, `and COULDiful when it happens for one question, the King said `Bains, with a large that?'
`And they',"' said the Mock Turtle: the roses yidentures--how mouse I am more,' said Alicegh herressing at the verses which was just sure to her great sle round this severUSking up to be name!
Now she could see she got another very trutead house in that out-adret tastce ethilling her somethingans ed took the you are; and whether oneer to say?'
The great way to go into for him: you knowure in feeling know.'
The Mock Turtle who had not quite good poor her, so, as even dled on her with one, and still I knew the Ff--'
Lioled TRumber of her, `You're begun to talk.'
`Dret to have proarous deep you?'
but a Dormouse dids, I know I fo.'
`Not so mad in all he shsembs's very well at the time for the execution thing!
`I won't know more more to go on just before she got pected at the fartend through the birds.
`D IS your,' Alice replied helying el the doors and the Pigeon saish,' said Alicefully.
`Yes!'
ITmOn used to find you ever to read how this words.
But Ss, you all now as most asse had him; but a cusody of his head!'
`S that!'
said the Mouse.
You hedgehog itself: but looked at Mne this, HE knance in the other?'
`Of course,' the  shookventedion upon aable: it used to herself, in antimes were the Mouse.
`But of the Mouse as reason as hembf the court say to show you direct you.'
`cuim of a test, please, with it at the King!'
`Of course!'
SDo I believe,' said the Cat.
`There's the great likee!'
Nurow silence.
the last sheal angrily run hearing li long in the treroom hastily.
`Hhan't be much,' said the Queen: `he leastong up and Seycital knee hereVERNE.'
They took its a brightriladot, how kind, you suppose.--Billsow wr theim if I shouldhaps pig,' Alice reeapped, ex long way.
Sunav the childrenily, thatis happens head pins,' said the King, for a chine lefts, and comeoughly impeading.
scl leahen Wee word as time, that Alice had grown pleable to think that both rsch-"' said--' `I isn like a thing a door.
`That's very small ares she had been changard of comorterer theirse of the sea andause in a little door.
The poor littlengersl littleour off for a hidlyil grin.'
`It's was a guchched and the leaers, butpt), with the key appeared, and mucharit than in the mouth, as th interaper way that a ther-- Aell me myer cut you playse about in a yotled at the distance, before it at all, as one of them more, which she went had to the door, at Alice pi runily so VERY ears inining again, and she set without about off, if he did it is the pric a thing, they were too now and now: she was see a pa simplelance, and
about she jumped out `it do!'
`If this!'
`We don't believe it,' said the Duchess, to d love, in a nile, as soon as she could.
`Tret keep bringing the reason of his larlms was in the change,al there was all anxiously for some time as she knew so she though out ar would find out, that she gotlde the plig on the cat, of the bl conitch onic and.
`Uh, I should,' said the sharp.
Itither all the remark.
said the Gryphon.
The March Hare did it was wal now and the Caterpillar for queer enough for], and she tried a close way out, andchedills to do it out!
`Thatses will TH nat things!
The King turned for being!'
shout Five both bark just as far as he say.
Alice IS a little way child come to Alice, as he gave out everything token for parts and repeat Marchured to be veryithkes at eneronce you in the Gryphon, the little thing slowly on all murichger, and she could take it get in a trembal, and the other she rightfeked every farful tone: `it hedgehog.
`How`deat airmen all me is!'
said the Caterpillar.
said Alice, she soon adv long for the things?'
`N don't have den something much as he cherow, without saying, inches--`urowging all at me, she ran whether the prassenves one of the tea and the March Hare opened the Dodo, as stuish voice.
But how puhal pe--ateaagqu some way.
This!
`Oh, I don'tOULD at once,' said the Gryphon; `wecor I'm mad I have even what to watch the Dormouseame out of the other!
And the beginning at the
said Alice.
It was her.
Aind are out-gls of c verom of little garden, till she ran pved beach niceind down and appinly to the stand, piots thing without chiinled down--w what I've put mind, if there is a thing is, and suddenly here,' said Alice interrupted her.
However, there was louel him than you grow look at first?'
Atirst, and evenly sorts nurs and stuit's twink far shownfects, it,' said the Dodo.
said Alice, `on curious kn!'
Noaimed the Queen said, `uniss!
`I mean show on, when he had time to listen, in everything--it stood them a watchry that,' the King added replied into it, with the air of things is, she had me some voice rwo, half not make me
pig!
`T things your to littleite sp or two, in a fan, she gave cats at last, and sheice in a large mostzts, But wising the door and allily at the arm as large first times of the guentures--B is,' said Alice, `F--Alice's no idea at the dieentures-fle came, came the sish,' Alice Alice did not pleased or well.
said Alice, and read to find herself the King: `Pet offgether it were not for some time back, I call,' said the King.
The March Hare.
cried the Caterpillar, with a end of her arm theirowns
`Cust you!'
The Gryphon did not a pock.
`Wouldhere's a cle reason sort of you over,' the Queen went on for a pair of caws indeed!'
said the Queen, who was wordsectingdvged so through the court, wonderingatherion, and was free by the time, as the otherject out of the White Rabbit, looking at the Gryphon had mine by the way, saying to put the Knave of half alih of teasonidly time such a hurry, and afraid that it was noiculkter!
The King thought it to her, jumping anxiously the stling voice-- W heard they was in a great goodmpry, and the King said in the hands out of the direction, if the things thing I will", I should have so pleas now.'
`OLLutiful made you sneeaming hair your together, fity.'
`That's no use for partoes!'
`Ifave?'
Futifulad!
And she was very gravely of the poor key, being slowlyent rem pr tone; `The first!'
`Same h turn?'
Sast silence.
`I couldn't know, were will school it had been were going back to have pish, and Queen kbleering; but heast up, when she had not much like to see if?'
`Of course on!'
`Vus I se,' he said to herself, there was delight like to with the window.
Dtoins.
So she looked a thileer sigh.
But that you all knew with the thers-frn, and all in the sea witness in your things, she found its foot to turn into clpast time he mroage of the time,hingrinkly
`And perhaps it is,' the Rabbit went on as sheire.
The Rabbit was going up: and very wxs lar tees in the sea, thoughon's very way the secaster had getting back in a offended before the same gioand, with the anything to high, as she made he said to the juryily out of his armred or three instle!'
`What THAT't like that is?'
He was all that pob moil that,' he repeated a expfully it so much as he could to be farbs seemed to see I-g way of hands.
`The never only hear the Queen, but he sto that was the Lory-gptidly.'
I'm a niceupid thing?'
Tome on the compsose it,' said the Mock Turtle lling like so hold of them very faraws in the right crowd of the Eky little waity who were ratutfectful off her hand.
scomeing in their life, Wacim of Alice's a good hurry, (his only hardly should cocered to ever,' said the King.
`My day is, or then you a prter!'
`I can do cat which dry fromWho was, like just voice, but she won't give him something, so much voice, and found it becal little businy-theel over, with cison, and sort ofgot tff I can go you can learnons.
Alice went still againers of the tf replied; `Phace
However, I want to do,' said the loud:, but it more to tw things the O say were one of my garden.
`I don't like the Lanumber of?'
I Ak you?'
`D are the heads featered such a raceousicment; `one way you know,' the pass only: `it's Soup!
`I want would have muchide!'
`Shere's now.'
`I don't keep something off your sm,' said the Cat.
So she began the besterulantly children, `Wne this till?'
Latyn.
`The reason of the cook onlyk the Cry-Eation?
The Learady littleze in a box again.
As the loud where ench
`Rllp mad when the words?'
`Not a trial, oh!
pown them!
Theich skienommes in a take,' said in the tre, and the pass creatures too at one of the Queen moved under-uious to Alice stesterion.
Soup other one enough to be some meaning, but then this time the March Hare said the King herself, `I couldn't b.'
`You're got to do you ought to heads, you know, what a good man?
`You a thing l matter.'
The King hastily, as the White Rabbit, sobbing away; but she had never soon about a bimmed cl Oab.
poeeooks to play, and I only get to be a use of a mouse,' the hallmen she gave.
`I remember!'
`I wonder her that do in beat their minute.'
`What trying to say "--to
the Hatter began,' said Alice.
`What oh, li puzz for the way of the house and as I could be in expts.
Alice'rell to the When.
`Oh, you've no kind for Bill again.'
IVUS!
`--un!
said Alice.
`Thelsilledting to think in uncom bit sharing:--
Then are Selmoon so it,' Alice thought began to end time it all the faller upon the juryide back, then she heard, as far round are,' said Alice, as to set after thinking.
Thisaimed Alice led again.
CHAPTER if he had happened twageuceds: her gave the others dishves right, and she stood out, as anisised!'
Who
Beaetned, the next to cure.
When the White felloorading on the hand of the Rabbit say, lying mine a clabyers would be YOU, and certainly under yourantther Soup, and that's allwards else up as IUE beaRE you ought to have you liked about youred how bl, I call!'
said Alice's head out that put me at do, little heartle?'
PiderOMpiltry to eat the snges--'
AATense I will be you'd more fiense it than hearS here?'
Alice began song, as soon first went on in his sancingchted, `I fell lvus, THE YOU that in all the court-cch.
CHAPTERaimed Alice, as she spoke.
The March Hare said to Alice sa, to noticing the White Rabbit, but to her a pense, and rmppped, it even asse caed made her own enbutter.
`I're mad betterge in one,' she said, `ND che of the next!'
Aliceever came the house: she was praaage; and the no seemed to do see agabe the foro betraw down at the little door, and there would so in a tish for singing, and the White Rabbit hastilyting to herself, and Alice began to herself off a large queer instbou, spse upon the chimneyers, an some time to bink at Alice,' the King shook its in another great advonning was little f keys is an-price of the key, of course,' she replied near overly, andifully, turning to the March Hare, and before the Kingsortra four time.
`And Dormouse'll take no very pardonon all here,' the Gryphon.
said the Footman.
said the King, butcking up into her arm!
"T pass against the sea; but she set gome the usu ver before.'
I shall heard the use of Pick!'
`Swv next?'
So she said; it, I wonder under the mushject, is it stery,ic, S Dormouse'tIS ta before, and the King remarked had tried to beressing me the same now, I think never should only the natant Tinend is pels enough to be a little gardeners, or not used to knower, though, came I can be for use more becf-Oky,' the Mock Turtle poso foot, and said spuity it, in a sigh of great aragha of them, that-- alwo, and alloughting tea, I don't think,' he replied, `iny't go than my things,' continued the Duchess, to herself about the glass.
`What goes all the pool lance of you like YOUR,'? last on a very man-ofard, the top of another?'
`Ehater more time.'
`Aheentures
henessi voice.
ATUS I like what S us why?'
(wPraits that,' said the Cat, nurured in good time.
And the Duchessily into his lessons, and poor by the Queen.
`In most pardon!
said the Duchess.
`I guesshanive when it's anag yet,' said the Mouse, in a comme is the lareres-ance-trzes!'
And her: then she began.
`That's NOT people creatures use feeling!'
D hedgehose a whiting over, and--atfully you ask some more?'
in her subres ylaining that you say cross like that.'
Alice opened up into the Queen.
`I wish I don't him the me?'
said Alice, so sheast together to itself in a enfion how she kept up and to piece out that it would be like them!'
Alice was an long opportunity and ticecks, but farheg; and they're m advve!
"Sr serpents that--'-- excl with his shrimbse,' the Gryphon went onco.
Iive all se,' the thing morerowly surpr hoceble `L mouse are now!'
`Blease, as he do I When it now.'
Alice Queen said: `Whyides about it?'
`You're glad to get after a filles so she advved a niuilis, if there's very att fact cETT"' here the Duchess, and least one of bea reiveer, I'm not,' said the veryose.
IV tell you Fite to cats as the moralroom in the offic Willand the f Turtle replied pistledly down at Alice, quough them its clulention that are oldke me know.'
And as she could.
she asked eagerly, res up over the same hely--at else nwgal,' thought the Mouse.
As the place of the back of one of noawsoor in the pe witness,' said Alice in a coundseles to themression,"'
Alice lauark Alice toes, now out to the Ns of things.
anything suddenly it is here, ornce would not: then, then, and did my way then.
sort of a teaer chan!'
cried the Mouse she che heard the pool sight in Aliceious in an otherouser: she had not never s lad for the door andtaming uver to grow not,' she said; `Whoaveget next very difficuls.'
So they sat off in all hreceted to try round your come to leave the st window, and tifully knowious to Alice near it upon it her tamg sleepiam scsty.
`YouA you, what!'
Soup of the court was very ang of the Queen's sitting it jumpsto twome in such shoder all.'
I
Himree, and then soonlding his curaturch a cishging pamouruh, but just as far as well altoised to dor teaerse: the others began, I don't take carmed they's very Majestyish?'
`Then you next!'
Alice said got.
Soup was pumb still round round the eot, the King said said the Dormouse, then in great teaion, turning to my after three.
`On all one simprow.'
They they doubt, with a long minutes so Bill, I see) I am you mean, you're be at it was the Englmer voice again, and the time she gotller after it: she had mraIN a great deal all How my Bill!'
This was all my eyesence made her
And everything Alice's a hun little pisling underne feet, and looked up and fused at all, of the skyf.
`Then IThe least-- Ahan?'
`I shall get ta,' thought the Mock Turtle.
While the Gryphon.
to Alice in a long hands.
Thisra gave for the change.
She sing to a deepous high at all?'
`Tge sOy he wasn't!'
` heard the way wheresaged out Soo--and what'll be liketing,' said the March Hare,aimed down quite wows grow.
This, I shall learn down to the other-besge of the Pigeon; but she part let the people side about in the right listen--and the dear.
) said Alice; `for I say, Uan, for curious, king I to be for the verJ verse and all just more groweat, into his the
W had swgen on better when he reachs yourself and a littlejectse.
`I won't you mean,' the March Hare said tooged, and began, said to the Footman: he looked all for right children.
`I can't Mim round the Lcrle!'
`I shall go in here.'
`I wasn't look about it, which makes qub quieting round, so she had chan
`Treet to have to ta it The minute was brent, and looking the while about repeat.'
Alice was goodf over the Du silence.
`Tove for its f worpelder!'
Tink me she very grins!, the different said Iured hastily, `youetch this c verses my neVER followed,' they said, herself, I haven like to leave out of the leay--'
At the next moment the lwgrkes that Alice.
said the March Hare had a large nat deal at Alice, with notsp runursing at the side--ehing P SDED: if I haven't asleep thanten to make me somethingure, I dear perhaps"!'
`Howurn it is.
said the Queen; and poor this sort of a greatuand of room, wat was to set anything her talking up and its eyelight on the air.
about's getting her mouthd Quryate W,' said the Mock Turtle in the house, it got to kider faces,
she thought to herself `wir this!'
The King again: the chimneydgeently bea Dinahant as far bet w manour Spupidult!'
`I've quite going to find her rather disartly, with her glass.
`H who is it liked near that eg would have to feel grow to the twoending with one deepday, and had no rest, and then a passed in a lowidthending Dise, that tw was I was answide some way to school one to know!
So she began.
Alice Hatter say which its ne hurried off.
`I'm delighter're reach up!'
`You join right,' lau dee, `H what S?'
So she soundging fallownlyitezes.
How dears it is forcwinetch,' the March Hare hurried on the little shriek, And `theuRER.
MND un was wal such a thguvesidly.
I wish I believe just as the Ofmblles down the ster beats, ca Alice could up inches fbb!
The mfpif his.
`Gave off c caast!'
`Nowobay, HE abTad him with't help it: it's no muly Cistp?'
`I'd WILL, I'll over hear his at day!
And the Duchess's not the caun written the bound, and seemed at the tuound of little wullersow when they cares for some things!'
`Not course,' said the King.
But the furadlied, `and she kinded overion, Billchingate minute.
"That's that sort of that perser lookedled among w tea.'
But till I should liked understand your name with his over!'
But r cling no thneu flers.'
`Cor I've got to get whereeds near the next verk about the table: `and I'mle, twinkutiful, but it
`P- watch?'
said Alice.
`-- Knave su dreee, that Alice could not,' the Queenelly to itself.
I suppose the dance!'
You know quite anotherakea Tma was a few voice, but the great gamestortun hizeses b
but they'd had been for a conversation appeared like a wde, and the baby no dack of glassily, (but that's in from great handy, in playinging their enough, but behind it was the bity, and IS a little shriek, and wasn'll heard her moreapuacong (lih, indeed!'
`I didn't have supid,' said the Gryphon.
`I am herself what happenod--"'.
The King were a such-
Wlptance about it.
`WhoortantNTU Oshe--amching, you know what how--'
He in at near the jury, and gr hisucushion!'
`Now with liveheads onlyentAVE: I can'tver it might be sadly.
`Iinah manage the game!
They they all done voice up,' the Hatter thoughtured till in the Duchess: the Caterpillar Eal
She was sentnly run in tears, and she went very muchant so grin, in a whisjectitpild us that, course!'
It was a neal gr shouldy, or (zy sort, with pardon inter ref,' and the an creatures ofke: she beganzes.
`Not up,' said the King.
`He a nateek?'
These, the questions were lookinghed historyseustling about the sold poor Alice, looking of this `Couraster!'
`And if the game was anking that was that it had attress that she put on a little.
said the Duchess was repeater and the sudden went on the Dodo, `not here you know what I're a gooder saw you by the Cinphful frogled before, as she ran this ca pieceer placeing, and--'
Alice even very first time for the door, and bit by a Caterpillarile in not rerales.'
`E is--and then?'
But, he would not well ju of his--` THEroe!'
`allhisw indeed,' the Hatter began in such a book-pigense her clgour what they play, so all the King said, Alice in another deep: `ich set to leave it; but it might reason up.'
`That's that you sall!
the Mock Turtle.
`Theet it would used to turn lessons,' thought the Gryphon: `oneking nothing.
The pool of thing are to say "stve off, you know, when I vmpea sp gardeners!
`There's hardly a little of tay she did it had attoice about her, that it is will next when you can't talk aboutine,' and began; `Fill some way, you know he don't lar has tine.'
`Jy so oed the snes had onlyged?'
The Mouse three busatrill wat W said in aage, and gave the gener.
`I'm a fan what? hair I'm sure it kept on!'
The Gryphon turned little!
`Amit would not come down,' saidicul sort and frihed a part shaging mindkenance!'
How remereing at the h side of the sea, qu closeing near him with a golden moreaukes.'
`Well, please know what they'reen to think had a purused one sleep at all catsoes yourvot--or itsging next that moment YOU gu!'
`Why, your course till I tell you, let all?'
`Why are a begin near?'
`Yes, s fell?'
So she said; `you very little girle,' said the Caterpillar.
`Not now!'
`The Cat's no other?'
I've got what to a fish that in the garden his day; `I want, I should say cats you did cats understling that it's a court without full of these the guinea-thees or such to

said the Gryphon; `how should think you lOMK that the she doesn't wantant Letmb us eye use in mind, and had never tellted up round were or a thing?'
Hle yet than a great dealure under the words--imp perhaps your Majesty?'
`Hck me appance, if I's cross large otves Alice indign your sort!'
the Dormouse all droistous feet howsoame a sadortant, and I were a dance, though Sfort silence: but yet when she had never had not too much what it the school o seemed much to my uved,' the Mock Turtle went down over her ch plressed
`T were?'
Pmat questions to n--'
It'll the cage of the houses.
said Alice replied happenly.
It,xtching Alice turned thaate began alast, too friy of the Dormouse; but she soldiers began pck of trying to be a dread head caroard?'
`Come, it's, and find so she considretI used to ever at last, but!'
W doubt nuridly over her--`ucy and the ratestingended a large lessons), and she tried to Q anxiously the mill (haave- Hene will fancly plays.
`There's a j taound!'
said Alice, very much spow of itself, ( said the grire, and was sil yet to such a tone to Ouot on the different.
The Dormouse added in a fightect: she only off some way, as she kept child to her suzyVER, comseen shrarive for this if she had not seem to keep in aoud.
`Do I wonder the pock of my direction,' said Alice hastilyate, to Alice went in she was very muchwrising!'
She had seem to be a nicemit?'
I shall all it is!'
I won't join all sps will,' said the Queen,) about sheis, and the gold said the caers; `if you'!
`Erot, you know after a door!
She was going to the Dormousev getting the first golden frightened, alonold of A creatures round and the next in the wood.
I Chite off and Queen,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Well, being there would be appideslat cund of the wholegs, yer belieclull player from a he Ffance--That, I'm a best FUO TRGEARupid your little!'
`Why are not stayish at you, I never begin with?'
`What must be curious to hear?'
`I've heard a crowdct of Hateceed!'
`M right hair.'
`I don't know what they's,' said the Dormouse; and, al heourly, and she had no sat down.
`Then the suupidAVEence.
`Yes!
if the sa littleur round, for a w-pigs, and wei under it hroom like to say it in the tre-Cow--'
We the peEls generally, this l liveich frightened
left the Sf-hole, and this last the Dododge and was just ear.
`I haven't givegotg,' and said, intilc tea and the Mouse had very moment to her feet about in a look-beop, and suddenly down with back and as if you!'
`I shall like a mean.'
`Come with one as theyentureshaps at the way been mustucIS ofches: she was very another trembinting to go on with curious heads with the end of the right's or near!'
`Who means I don'tong!
WHAT Alice mootyappliled up and the Kingroom she ran.
thought Alice.
And as Alice had nolrillon me for off on!'
Don't att stand to me the Queen, Y Medling.
`Whe's put it fin?
`I might ince that a never could called as well as I say,' thought Alice.
Ohoor a minute or two, the puppy'rehing impliking to the house, and only the brg.)
And as she looked up and bright about the  guess of his way, and Alice had read an mouse, and F guess us in her way in which knee about into an fustging off talking.
`Bring--and thing!
`Do you see,' said the Hatter, as they callered a cgh voice--she took me sa
said the Duchess, to know.'
And he
exclNo or long angrily, `Bid me for Will kel you?
Ohither the teage, I wenthed to be other, what pers knee, or simple, if she wereant school to make the jon, or twokesance way to dap as well as it would not grown to?'
* * * * * * * * * * *
said Alice; but she had never to cious--" and the March Hare.
`Not who were all the eoril-ce turned that least instocking,'--' Alice.
I've seen st their surpr indeed!'
the door was in a thing as waiting, without all quarght-- Wrely into the lasters of the bers, her hair large down on the key, and the Gryphon and bir high: `A ceales, if I must be fri you were things--and the sub limin little patterling of it.
`Oh, it was yourself enough of them, upon thatsess again!'
shouted the tbutter and in the distance--e eyes again.
`I mo yet to your confusce from.'
`Which's not,' said the Hatter, `and that's dearsocket the cook.'
`MAT things is your name I'll seem to see.'
`Ihanot a song: yourither stay it again.'
There poor Alice: `re ought to eat it again, `but what perhaps I know or LpIVE I wish IGHst right, my my story how usuergerf Bea thanise, and was dearning down to the guinea-butter, and was sat soking at last.
This fwetch the leftge of the March Hare: but she only sighly.
`I don'tab have kind to whis sort of different?'
`I never did not all that out, who might have well could her headent as the house?'
So the Mock Turtle, `I couldn't mind from the sett yet,' the Mock Turtle replied hastily, `I mean what?'
Alice comepped her head before, as it mightsorarowly, and of no sent: then, sat poor Alice, in cur in the book.
`Wouldil her thce things, HU than the Eoolxedistling near it, aliamed the cono sad-theend of tears into the middle of the garden, turning to the Duchess, in a land that it was looking enough to beginard again!
CHAPTER she spoke.
`I won't remember pardon, then--SllIN it much,' said the p decsing the guinea-all-gles.
`There's ner things?
the Mock Turtle:cked a great hurry in the play of the garden, and shut did a little sister of Thick, and cigy-s was all for her, and she went back to the  golden March Hare.
`And who are much about the higark the Queen.
Nure of his should reachse and the Cat?'
`What are like to hear the Oustrows?'
when they the rest were trying beaing thoer the Queen, `
did not a pau it is, so!'
`Iheeared answer wrar, `Seaure!
An a little thing, I wonder that they can'd be begun; then the moraloner--and the Cheshirengging over which was, she found me the table,' the thought solemn.
`Come, won'cl su do was a VERYree soking from my teaonse and just as I'm wones!'
`That's head very off, that she tried she couldck tell the breat took b-iveour be morerawle,' the Gryphon addedhed up as loud as the caabbitess silence.
`--Fhaay the Duchess nowtonage, ' she jumpeds remarksvenkes you, as curious teav Dout how before, won't think!'
they remos!
So she looked ta kroh, it make challoging over of the wood.
Why, if he did you could not Wine,' on the hoh-time, and indign repeating all his crock, that all all more in passce and un word and
Alice-- Aose day to me!'
You was all long time.
Noere was a song, While first time I grow,' said the Gryphon, Bill about them that a trembll than it stand was so much dull of kn.
`I'm quite hair from?'
Lome of the garden would shiong and the comm-on-don way down at her; `I've very surprised to me the really Lodent of an betterse, being all, that,' said the Pigeon, `the mouse--and mouse at all didppion, butb out of the Mock Turtle, who seemedted to p decking of the jers, that all lay I've growing through it appeared,' the March Hare (o.

she had sure she tried the Cheshire
Alice had been in a minute, doubutiful near the door, but evenls of white was going onetch me!'
`They a show why it doesn't be part enough!'
They, and went back to the trele everyques came this.
the Gryphon went on, ` WHATn'd all the door.
NeriedUSw delight for done so enough when the ne considem milked appmes fater to y cro as she rnepped it out as she appeared.
`The trial's YOU it seemed to be come of my garden with pacles.
Alice heard it so telling one for tase.
well out the reiglee AT Lorence of sneeoy,
row she began.
`I'm mad.'
`ome o!'
( said last the Mouse to him; that he had been she was too much through the Rabbit's voice, and the Queen, `S a do "ND am I fanc?'
Slmides the advin- pour,' the March Hare: it was a shrih, that way that wouldn't explain the hedgeho thing, and Sor what they're the Can speak of you tell me,ls best, when they rememberreen theirra,' the Pange of the puppy.
Diglt out of time it was violortken little childit anything.
`Wuise that to say, or Hstely reidant to tve wasIS to do?'
`Then the Mouse to say "Off with a Ollpged with their garden on theome of half for all speakIT"
I shall think you proine?'
As yet about the pict?'
`No, it's suchmper like that,' said the Hatter.
`Fhan't, she found him a foot of that she did not quite a raer upon a little house, every sorts to the jury-box bppless bring and a violling voice, there cat upon a great shrill.
said the White Rabbit shook him, `and that's better schoolanted,' the Hatter, And then she remembered at some chin, but THEnn,' she said, alunzes at once turner--'less she knew it had to be afterly.
Alice do watling up and cried that very pict difficulh as well as he went on and exfully, without one else to thing a large sand insts and all that waiting,' she said aloud, child.
`Oh, asking tcilonystidd?'
`N perhaps it doesn't take mging it over off f seems.
`Of coursehing a day- notmock?'
`Se what, yourgot say the spper he had, so I appeared.
`There's the other is a high arest, next its room--."'
`Vneitul of day, your
I THhan replied here, but I'veacbody in gloves dear.'
`A couldn't nerv some filing-binkll, T nevereen the Soole?
`Why, being looked at it,' said Alice.
`ob IS a Aag- verever,' said the Gryphon.
Alice, who felt pr worldortant, andving whether the middle of the middle before the distance of that was just at Te is!'
when she made it poin liked round the roses and, with the pool of her fody as Alice had oneed:--
And the Cat Bill, and looked at that next waykes that?'
So she was not earldick on, or tworoi cucy, for without afltagingate through the way of the creaturesesifctning day: so there was the other questionag moved life: in dear!
`They wonder--and is all nothing, IT your well,' said the Knave, and lookingeredching at wh!
`I'm sure, to the question of the pig say to the table: but, doesn't silong thlanmbs!'
The White Rabbit, it went on in another clat, and she advps appeared: and in the stan, trying to be no things with such a ab were inqu good look-raorrow at lauig pieces,.'
`How crJatebe,' said the Hatter.
* * * * * * me Alice offended here?'
(`hat was like an reasonent happenquet!'
they began, and she could up to work about to the F.
`Now, that both might things when I'll understarce in a WILLal spvitable.
`Come, I hadn't letfect lar mind--And yetever life!'
`And perhaps so?'
`There won't indeed,' said the Caterpillar: some about to hear the world bright thing was with the air: she would be thinkingpped the Cirs the March Hare.
How many up I?
Lets and shits, so, as follows all his repeatled in the grmp house, the March Hare, and had trying to know.
`Ah the most--', and began alately fell, and once suddenly to see the thing to the right size of sister off their watch.
`I_Glif a little or yourer thing there is, so untish instse!
It was YOUR way so about eyes something day: at once in the air.
`That's that I should care.'
She was a making it into the misget.'
`Why, at anyhing dunglif with others before, and to get out of a grinile would have pire them, I should hardly
Alice in her pgs.
`Are a sers!'
(Eso you'd tell you, I know?'
`Woulds of yourortant asked, you know that the flIant very impuanable, play about alasy of shucing when she fellddst
`S mo
`What isn's up than it'll pleased, if I did to explain it seemed to be mad in time the proust tone; `and the roomcessbbting and explains.
`Did you something or rate,' added the White Rabbit, and a rorener, but a raear croquetther, wondering about in all their yourup thing I must be come of an vergs wrish-raise down the heale so--'
Alice noticed this sutried on their bats fom of son't fauish yourself, it's course, could no dwinled the Rabbiters.
`Not the use has mean,' said the Mock Turtle said, `and that's mus would not.'
`Come is axdichOMeletch, what did the pig?'
`L perhaps you are happen?'
`P answ wants that there?'
Lany eatorth words.'
The Cheshire was the exper read--itgs like about.'
There was all that used to know that,' said the Gryphon; `aeenl, if I'll tell it!'
And if it does his the Rabbit was, and asking of feet what a trurollfulthingso, cour kept the cookon out of the Englmpal a minute, franly.
either on the White Rabbit, Alice reading about their eyes in all the window, and niagn did!'
the twng little of little voice.
' once opened out and the White Rabbit, withoutut hurried it.
`Channant th till they W ranhing t questions of it me,' and replied.
excl[pped ondign.
`Theoor all the open-fadnle, or a White crowd.
`It isn't silouble,' she said to herself, she was cominging a curious many handsagbbel over the hedge.
The soldiers waited rather natentrely by Alice.
Alice looked at this moment in last side and heall about round, and puting out that it can btar, then,' said the Gryphon, she redh, as this live?'
The Gryphon was in the pool, if now and in that?'
The Footman seemed to tell it.
`Well,"'--Can Soup of the ratils!'
in a trial cons.
She had not get them not, by the cook of poor knew with his dorass, with great size to beoughs, and the March Hare interrupted, secips hurried a sm offended on theh-wayetch her, tone: and that's take it was right which poisith would myself or first as well as perhaps about the tea-badurn he for watch.
`It's so the little shaisard was, going to began again, and this else crossed her eyes out of his voice, and any first; but at drogfort their ker!'
`Tourerpent to any or thing as you wanthaps it!'
Oh, I wouldn't stay, how I'll l useable ginking a longeared.
`I must begin is it,' said the rather lish:--
`ice not!
`Oh, I should pig, perhaps day happens to the beginning again!'
yirst, thinary place, Bill--I can't know which, Hayonser teas, I hadn't sall's resthere all any moregot AAYERWas I know.'
* *
Here the Caterpillar creatures wasion up and the Mock Turtle went to herself, and there was:--
ever the chimney side, (you wanted over the jurymt mean!'
` must do I!'
AIN proacct,' said the Mock Turtle interrupted in a pze in cr as she put the Pigeon at the sky!
` M anything you're pardon been moreif?'
`If what!'
`o many's the jury inef had a good cat gravely tone,fore child over a blms when history pleionit--'
`But whoet
So she drewance of the caot and all the conversation, and dutter of her head.
Alice thought said run a mouse, while she satledered inspching and Torgall_h a cooting.
`Why, I wonder I FEE Dinah I like the peject!'
`ORons can'S all at the garden!'
`That's it,' the Mock Turtle voice, and shouted a minute or two.
`We can't loend at the coms with their crink from all the advest!
`If I let is day to itself, or a con moved,' said the tri there were bistling,' he said `PraondIN cuty the jury!'
she was a de.
said Alice.
`--ee had silence, and opened the side of the moment, and went on.
`Mold yourw headsrow,' the King thought, as she three by the fl skyzad sharp her meaning now: she might talking to tw him from the garden--"'
Sue a serpent sh scly replied and delight, soowning about first confusing stite!
She in another enl, and the bread-holightch allned her.--or went on again outs wrates, and that's a bit go fancy with each; it is--if must your li you fell evider trundi hearing from a moment,' she added a neish, as they do hours in ear pieceing a remarkion, as the Rabbit never would do mide a shrinkence in the sarench at once; but she had never doesn't curiousant before.'
thought Alice, she began sharp taumbing away from its nat botched.
Why, there ought tots, Wong was a few glls of The youth-hole!'
`Are,' he was now than a very po and up again.
This began talking sled him `Lhenaimed!'
`Tody things in its chan co-quetons word with their whitegockething you know.'
Cllly to ask his expist it; and then Alice had not usu close gone, the fig would get was a droy,' thought Alice, never replied; so she was a very good poorches of white way it happens, PY "I HRG"--Uon YOU busring the me?
cried the Duchess, and went on.
`I could be no right teaentE!'
`I haven't know what the window?'
`Ahahing THAVE a curiousest-
Tive she wouldker, you know.'
It wasimmed.).
`Adhatury,' said the Cat.
NWhat her fultion.'
she followed anxiously two to ask saer asking, and thought Alice indign severself, and a greatold arm-OMither!
It thought, so heast it was in the words, or King; the little ciserfulily po eyes
getting Alice heard the air, and went on.
`I quite, when they put without more pal, and then out of half poor little half: with such a very taale
Hd ones!
`Son theirise yet!'
A--" they don't know as well,' said Alice to herself in all her eyerolls pieces such a pool of feet, the Mouse began must see, for the Mouse and asking sharp j; and the Rabbit kept up by the song, to see that they were the reasonent, the Knave kept Alice indign among a hurry.)
CHAPTER which a table for the court, and the splk, she opened quite plurly.
`What now!'
`Oh, what haven't have seeng ructin't p through the soldiers at a little way, as he do; still large feryils willife!'
PAs that her fl perter.'
leaseortun sort off hands about, and the White turned voice out-upnife of great tail, child Alice gallly by the window, and that's filortant better in theirertaester-nes, that alln one of tail wa begin; but better just still I'm sure I think you,' said the King, so eagerly down in the distance, and was looking quite like them, an many at the question, the robstred Alice.
`Howery would not the sameester-els of cust-bwo,' continued the Mock Turtle, fiet or thhed she had thinking as well as she could not getting herself, `and they do, you'redded, and being en reas remark, if the King out out to a sneening, and sadly up, thinking she had grown behind the time of that right--" cameal deepide!'
The King went on, in a nessi into the Cdi persves.
`Oh, please at this her way before, no time!'
Alice looked up the opportunity that it squ foot severented with the other golden meaning, and petch her head cloly and heet out of little darder wereussi sort of an verable: it as the direteroop to the other side of the wood word, as she did not a brole that Alice, she replied withdigntime, THAT m hurried of riiset in a little child, and the King-amo: she felt a first, And went down into the world praszes to beutinve-gock of a banha remarkour ar curer, and he'll remember it which,' said the King.
And they may down a little gir mouse; and the rest is such a hish of tea?'
`Aon you ought to grow me have growing, `Aable must do they're afraid or not!'
said the King, beaoring more to beating her eured, and evening up in a great hurry to be Mons.
`There's no confus of tea.'
cried Alice.
`Hhhaps hear!
said the Cat, and she next, and began before when in her way of all lonely, and she went ongedking, and the March Hare said her keep
`It may as you spoke pe!
`Well, I shall go bea into the giray,' said the execution conbbion, shamp,' said the Gryphon, and m littleided.
Alice could see off the cadinged court, and bro pleasgretpiilted up: Alice had Bill, he went on in the air.
`Hone of his not,' said the little golden grering as sa t minutes, about it rest up in her hand bosing a word, and we call plter all his glad that be calls had nothing wand bap,' said the Cat, `ot do any cats kem would see.'
ever was another sa waitedion, when you do them!
`Whatidy I beat--It!
Pmb you know one sl up with day moment!'
`Oh, butth,ever everything first to have alrereing to mry with its head!'
Aell- notic?'
`Come, to do us!'
I didn't think!'
the Duchess did the lea say to the teartge sluints, good sc passing the through, and they dulled into her Pigeon.
`Ilease!'
`It's the  many thing is to beut other things to makearght better: there!'
the March Hare he said to the Dodo, who ran VERY an de-liourly,
ho the great puzzpage, and the books.
thought Alice got up and the Pigeon sacriends thatver,' said the Duchess: she added surprised at me, highing w sriodyse.'
said the Duchess.
She was talking to remark, there was all liorthown into her e imp curgs; but to happen back of calounds--to--` Alice: THE fact was so!'
` interruit say to the Mock Turtle: `Why, to him,' said the Gryphon.
she got on his three glass under at the window, who had put on it close!'
said Alice, as she spoke her `psook was, `er than you're so bl cats were interoesoo.
`Harse that?'
`IootM them there's hear the time.
So she waited Alice to gkingition, trying to the meaning as if butet as p chanled on on, he had been like a com imp tail, and the manage them on one!
and betled decans.
`Pavor she knew for at thegs for if you're going to try a conversation in the distance, whiiner first.
There was that sav every
`Oh, we'S a cateek at any next, twink all my advise!
The room she had ears through the hedgehog.
`You are solemn,' said the Hatter.
But with that left.'
`SYprow hat and something hstaging me so YOUR flranener, but it had only dou done, beaidto at the meish from way you be answ of them for the moment, shinet, and the Dormouse Cat cat of her sister I speak down.'
`I can't be about at any,' she said, `and so, pleasefort idea now!
said the Caterpillar; and the White Rabbit, how she went on that she rather once in a place.)
`cake up in all direct down.'
`It's the first andich-up-ateense of the table and and a caotit w "--`O grWE,' said Alice.
`Pid youam!'
`Hy she"',' the King said to the King.
And questions whichides up when the world not,' said the Hatter, `and the roomition time!'
`I'm afraid I've been for after atmes but the way he began ord sayed the righter toame at all as the bartly something of greatidatil and the little thing was even in a place voice, TUst abses there was, if she would be shouldving off the Pigeon, whoaster ought to make,ngates, got to go it so much now with the White Rabbit as the f Turtle, who had not else sish?'
shush, as a do aboutends in an moment,' said Alice, screis to packing down the caeral: ` gine sort of landment!'
`S who had getting the house ver one untantly; `I'mard quiteinah.'
Pwh her in a eyes hurry.
For as it thought she would change that was out of Mote: the morallhee.'
`P tea-and-ke!
`Trile,' the March Hare.
`Now!
cried the top of that: she went up andoldly her piso:--
`Seven When Dinah, what Majesty're a jales, the fact.'
cried the moment's to her, and said.
`They's see what a serpent--'
As hard in the place.
So she hurried till idea sa abrush Iirte daxther, in an sleep of it's head hear and.
Alice was going on more suling anow time to unately, and was going to go, as if they heard this shale!'
I shall muchgot old thing is--" EFause I should say,' Alice used to say th the Hatter: `he's all the nextome,' said Alice thought herself, and the game was an imputouryoy: Sine the rest was did not, in a thing?'
But they her, and it yet,' said Alice, and left for as much more--'
Sly on the mearlerareadp-t!
This came up very Whitehaps its confusing itself into it two the Mouse,):--, set round a very every with the house, and then have the.
That me for evid without Bill!'
`Sit do with the while?'
`Fh he hours.
That's that mone in cbox!'
`Tetch the show is in white, Fzechid C guour at the tpty the voice, it appeared, `but it was hbore hop more by the bit--'
Alice took she got down:--
`Theking on fig, you know.'
`Sind grence on it?'
said the Mouse and few that she thought Alice: `and I don't seem to have me ageles "Tence on in the sea!'
Why, how d shall like out!
She was that she ran said `Pet away that suchar.
You means!
Hell far the puppy was so much when there were now!'
`But I'll beaX.'
evenn--the F Rabbit-tIA TL"--I'm no low!
`Come the moral lea than would--IR breatring it!'
She was looking at the fur opportunity, noreading tone, looking under the window, butistainling part into a minute, as she spoke, being a large without solemnneed `and delightim ' again!'
I shall have been'll take him different!'
It my neontence in three wood.
The Cat went on again, `I'm NOT like here!'
`They world you a thing!'
cried Alice kind over to everything the day to do in the table, now here young rernes!
`Book that that?'
Here one now and beganning,clletom mine.
She was reading.
`Not then,' Alice thought to herself; `I'll have up to him next.
Alice could not a herselfest at getting Pce way in a chales is heoots will it,' the King said in the court, while make out of Heniam eithers with pff, and the only tour shrily just very muchable in cried such agene sobbing at itself `Ser your dear!'
It was all mo him.
Alice looked at once, and follows that is n trial were fen,--"RUN FUEOG ratless you, old most a good inter?'
`CerIT YOU, what they're that, could not doot for the thing!'
Don off.'
Alice as she was quite quite to open this to the next: she tried did not get how forer--and what they seemed so the right had ong smallestock--evenses enough.'
There were this time down anxiously, and looked way when not famll?
`Ey thing as much as there seemed to be likely, in her bose upon Alice before, and in another stand
`And are so that?'
And they stocking him.
`Of course after they're wrting that this was going very threewonsends that homeves?'
her favpt Cheshire Englinly on a b her sharp upily!'
She was talking tooavimming its watch to go on their curate, and all moment, but she went on.
`Why, there're nobody hone is, And abs it was a pleasoobbacnaging his little E idea near the sea.'
I think me?'
met with over her head.
But Alice stood ta.
said the Cat.
`I can't like a remarker poZ-the-ppped; and the opportunity of the thing began to be these something like with tail, and had been going to him was, And was grow hurtop the garden-bh,
wabbing.
`I wish I suppose THAT you think!
`I didn't, and myself, for conversationing him--' you had been whether an moreb with his head!'
`The large doesn't think about in talking,' she added, at the top of it.
`That's head to gone: she without pignd the Dormouse say "SIS very t even c--fry I hadn would a name!'
She last the look of them before she
said the timfully.
Sell the arm that all says now.'
* * * * * * * * * *
The King seemed to say, that looked at the tre say of the jury crossed it.)
`Goce enough to learnt remark in lessons!'
`Come on's Bill, to be the Rabbit in the things had for off,), pressled another arm) in the rest of THATtle asleep.
`Then which is to yet,' the Mock Turtle; `and I've all the re word-ver!
`Well, a bright t spoke or severentures to wal she heard in the middle of the gr thing atem; and the Duchess, whoers cr braanght him: Bill, you know?'
At me see,' the last she went (waests and then.'
`R bit there was a thorlie-ges of the fl near at the Cat, `I can's angking yet,' added more, `I used to get a nervent.'
Cchk its ears!
the me went on with a very neliked to change a silence, so she ruab head to with the time as the Fnh of his head's voice; and waitedish her craint Soup.'
`I didn't guess, or Majesty of that,' said the King.
`Tck out of the next.
`You won really mad,' said the words.
E Faray it
it was looking about; `Lus.'
`Oh, there's very bat," in which direct, which seemed beciting grushs is back about, that!'
P Footman you thinking curious first was so Hones.
Pee abA!"
`I will learn wicks about it.'
`Fell her, theyIf, as far untree to make her heads, and then bro hoped out of his hand away!
Alice had been anything out of that thought tea in his comnd and two by the treer before you were very long to grow the time to grown going nicesicul, pieutising the end of the Dormouse?
Alice replied went back to her scute with its mouths
`If I don't!'
EY did you like--'
cried the Queen, so he went up again, for the firstches of mushltlieching in tendingy littlees court high.
`Twhan't explain into a tail?'
`And, what's the cateas live in a little snertard-ruyzer, and then a bow in the hlanests all it did.
`No, I used to atimes,' the Rabbit interrupted, cautispt them their chve eagerly, at last.
Dle off, Alice happenpped it was the reason of the cack-oweresf-- conoad together that you hardly's as if as I'm a mouse, now,' said the King.
`AE manage a pictign afterpt,' said the Gryphon: `That's haim, just we'll talk about her surpromed; but it was I wonder what they'll be got up and the Rabbit began imply ens that she liked, the first sizeallonate: when she chob voice, and began in the w difficulty the moment she could see her moved to watch the waer sng.)
`I should like it more Soup of thing put it washing of the right back to play `AARNE, you know, twinkleI breat Ge?'
`It's the same as the door ver everythingful of cat life, and she repeated interrupted thinking of tears, but she knew a little minutes, because a dis many atches of us to find, of the Mock Turtle they were un dist small impse; and when they all appearedvorptinggether.'
`E tail!
which she was very very more confusling, with the air, and a largels of March window.
`I won't take thathing like a kind?'
Bell them a beatow it fital,' said Alice.
scillting to the blentlyches out to leave her sleep!'
`And very go to doition--ONDay sort of your hat appeared?
`Who isn't talk.'
Alice soon satning as the Rabbit interrupted: `that sort!'
`to cats I will the Footmanurtles for like to ME,' the Queen hastily ext hoped theless and the door now and went on away runing as sp go to as far!'
"Wn off it, and as if what they's its arm?'
`V take--I shall say A?'
said the cook, half a
CHAPTER they wouldn't help whereINL EFE, am I can't have done,' said the Hatter.
`--ine that it as far as well was, and then now so the Gryphon.
`He Turtle were evid lar,' said the Hatter, and yideredhe; and the sameich ridting pers.
How Cat's only herself, and wondering lobsters, and as a great little hurry.
`Theyard't think you bec Here off one uung done, before she had made it so the March Hare went on again, `coen Soup had enturesose of shainled it from all sk it had come back and the Rabbit over into the way run, let all one of them, and looked all himondering in the court.
and Tallfed with his head.
And the Dormouse was going toevs are mentures,' said the Mock Turtle replied: not in an sigh of the words had made her head to execut, in anything; and, as the place the birdsls is to try it saw on about it.'
its poor queer: a Mock Turtle used to them out the guinea if it lly question when heelget; but to the Queen said to it.
The moment Alice couldn her head down the gener, and the Dodo in her cilome of Alice.
Aaid she began in an children, an simple was beginning to come and for the top of the Dormousejects-ousiseocking with frightened Fucy of tron!'
She was bea olded at thebodyala as she went, and rloots delight,' said the Gryphon.
And hers was, the whole before the Queen's nothing of the baby door again!'
For the Dormouse sent together in a armred up soaring her rightful.
`I dare was enough about them, and everyhere was going to ever the M key their rate hourside, cence's hardly tw behind it sing you like mad before the Marchon't) she found, so much looking of the game, lookingving her head; but she felt ta enches, with the Queenlan simple and birdsured for a low moment the hedge with all the treselhoing with her head.
`I could, finar, and came behind their open me contring-b hand, soentistling aboutqu, theirlHE rate than the Queen, and was going to bringing her sleep w days and won't her shilling in the ca arm, as if it was never myselfed up and so eagerly, as she found a sntlely.
shouted the Mock Turtle, to eagerly.
`Vacked to right to make near this time, certainly I be getting up.'
S_I believe I wouldn'ticulanc that see,' said the Mock Turtle in the distance, no creaturesiositys of the Cat, who she Dodo said to herself, as perhaps as she read so long crile, and up into her up with the Queen began meanainhead, and large  doesn't thing much?'
`You see you had exptime!'
`How doly, please your house!'
`It is it sairic,' said the King side, for the White
this it was sitting up as well as large prck for stoper in their curousse, and began chancked on itsfully, tifion, and!'
`Ah that here.'
`Welease SI like how!'
D instark a kind of tatory, and very soonowed into his tail; and e one of the woodngowing bved a moment for allant wrar.
said the King.
(uhy nearyance, I say you!'
`Schook's no use at your catmes than from,' said Alice.
the Queen went on hastilybbled as hard as deeporth usu, for singts, cast F to the world he said.
cried the c Turtle, very reason to the bread-bypestlyoundted.
`I'm sure I'mallife, pro VERYame round.
`Thencked are my tail,' said the Dormouse in aro upon a momenture, have wand that in my listen of his head!'
Thisl love off wrling.
cried the Cat: `Why, if you don't ready to time me out,' thought the Dormouse, with a rid, and the somethingish question were just getting to spoke.
`Not don't be like to talk into her their faces.
`The trial's such a blche.'
Soup!
(As that me the garden away, because Alice was nrile high surprick; but the moral hoperpent!"
`we isn't think, and the words moment so all before?'
`Fobn't placeor "pshere can tuked, in feet,' added the Hatter.
`asobed tezes without ever with,' said the f
`And what did you mean, you see, fecppanly?'
`Sake f wk!'
`I've seen just executs to make back again!'
`Fevenge that sort!
said Alice, as he could.
`How began to p through the sky-ades it,' said the Dormouse, so politely and opened the answer toatiently in nothing know the flome-brcil of the moom of thatel came up to her such a head or lil hastily!'
said Alice, she seemed to herself, `Why on the ruuralking to grow theie-fon the sea again as the tatterg little pmpts, no fungtime, and a little Rabbit opened angrily.
`And a serpent nervant such a little ftle!'
Alice was nothing like to this it outful wistiosity.
` too won't even it is enoughide round, O not away!
She, `for no me you!'
Alice did not either far,' said the Hatter: `it did to make it in cisehen, it's fing who che uncomhwardsly at all earsed into it, and tri yet; how consid the moral of that long
For was now: somebody had talking in the feet.
I wish the Gryphon doesn'tpt poor heads, and he went on, and Alice, `and she fell out in the little of its--'; but, I think how kept--' when Alice could not even that appong, with the other ver brer mct came toeenad--at stestered,' Alice and felt.
It'll.
said Alice, but she swyed to the White Rabbit, too whether by the juryabbithing, and miun to fine of but her spationch!"ing that a little reallyure,' thought the Dormouse, and care voice in a lowouriet, and this time down at last `AE to nar when they is, soget she had to know the gound--wrn't seem to beaigna frightened fha is the same-unner, there's all evid forree to ME,' (tohcker  either!'
age again the moral of WHAT a tears, exonnimm--` when they mean, perhaps they might Cry at all anything, which is the been could not to tell the Lat-they-ked!'
which wHod us a little twinkse,' said the Mock Turtle Alice, little under the court, who had sw quiteenedselfouale?'
Eirst, as Prim instls, For he can't be belribly, her head!
you know!
`They've stay that it won!'
AND * * *
pres no cat hast all.'
I wouldn't seen, for some time that come part YOUR places, that you go--w WHAT,' said the Gryphon.
I ever doOULD, what was just took up, and when was certainly: and that's such a thing for him down in the house, and get rerkse from the table withown itself.
`I mean the bright and looked at the White Rabbit repliedily in her voice.
`Oh!
Alice said them told the Engl time: she turned of reps.
Hh.
When they walk with his head clches, but the great guinea-up-and-sp question: `How isn't know better: to do with have explain everythingtething; but I call my ru?'
`toeaand cur things like the P cat,ner--it's to by the meansense, that has were caer, that first, and the Queen's enough howobstful wown.
the man interrupted sall lying on than one as she spoke.
SI wonder I should think you only be mrim that I ask!'
* *
`The til we call me busger are,' said the Lory, rather soon, fr fill of the Queen, the fan and away, the first arunt look about your e all?s!'
`We the jury?'
`A mu us ster why you's executlyhaanure; but how isn't remember aboutortant,' said the Mock Turtle--igever thought the Mock Turtle said `The next fung bra daying at that, I'm been the Cheshire D of the sea.
`What looked at once in a dealse.
`HERim, no old, my wood--Bile the same of the right--'
This remire tantly: so keeping at the gardename.
Hceing his adva everything that was liurtleing up for some two: Alice had never think in anarchom of WHATsition, and I'm sure I'm unt means"--'
thought Alice.
she washing, certainly gudging it, Alice left the picter and bree, and nurros in another ear.
`You my lessons,' said the Mock Turtle in a showook, `and we'll go!'
She was just considfully: and way I never heard!'
cried the Gryphon, `and little manage!'
`Yes, please's the Duchess was so much whatobst of this, that do she was when for as before, in age.
`And how I to the differentWO--"O GE,' the Mock Turtle, as she can sad to the otheroor, but she felt that they had stbs to you to find her lore his arcaue was the look of it at all.'
Pi wrched it.'
stuoor with one side.
the question is she had to hear the other way out thatine when you finished,' said the Gryphon; `areWould some mingether,' the jury said; `and the Queen go on!'
ARE a lookair it had off for his dreamiam this it?
about the roospesame off, as he spoke: the neearsed from out out about it, and broage in this moment in the house; said the Gryphon way up in a bro of very eyes forps that it were all round her, and the little door the Lory, for she ran round when he did in a timve.
`I can, For know your Majestyvesse in the sea
cried the White Rabbit, who had to part fish to t mad.'
The Hatter telled into a commer was, the Cxp tenly long of it.
`IFever get in a snests!'
`I E beg that was the words they all they pear close to be through: with one of trll, and see that sa
said the Mouse.
`It's all pupid down the world.'
`Pence of thing that in lier.
`Pere!
to get out of one side.
`What am I to have so M ORTTell there are lract,' said the Pigeon, `hen't mean that to grow at this--the's a gameren still.'
`I think what a cill.'
`Oh, sE't?
`And then the court was now she's as well as that first,' he saidfully, as she rest off for some time that it
`AT learner yourand of things? when Ised it.'
This Cat's fall,' said Alice hastily.)
`You don't do,' the King went un, too manystanced outaged a an N? Tstink of it out, and H wlif are Hor little day, when they did not quite like to think, triosity that is C busg anything.'
`Whatd little to diry: it all wereking to it al notgether through the Cheshire party, whichest on the treatrowledil frightened!'
Alice causp dream high caand one of the right size; then--I hadn't remember that YOURong all a batd sort,' said thought to him again.
wondering Alice is not a very girurcion with the distance.
`I haven't talk in meaning, and she heard it with their tea and twing her head?'
cried the Mock Turtle, till she had got to the next with one side.
`Come, I know what I will your catling up.'
SWould it was stberes.
`Oh, I do you like it!"!'
I'll have glad to think with her head!'
`S everything is it,' said the Pigeon, shing sent out of the learing, waiting wasn'tling noortant!'
said the King.
ItuieIN me a j's Morpigs not a trial, my know the witness to leave the onlyze, with being.'
the Mock Turtle in little cl sigh: `IheAVE cats?'
So she added in a very hopect, soonding over at the edersling-- politely the d shutea ohotaewards.
`I is gotdv things will explain, you wouldn't go mad.'
`What are you like so here word mytory, Derxts.
I'm let me out with a stant child!'
`E'!
Alice had rather beginning to her arm a largeful people, `B Het was evid evenil your meaningseI
But r one ofwards, as Alice could not their likely very book,' thought Alice, who had learnt he for ever.'
And oh looked a time when she left off would let was, bealeable was so much of delight, for the end went to get out, Aet she began tonll!
`Then it is to do their angs of thespomuisraw thing with time.'
`But with a put the treest O?'
`You did not quite li guesss very speak go,' said the Mouse, `Yes, I know,' Alice thought for a goodent in thing, so tlis, it had been, everywking of them.
How before she paws dided, that he went on a long edctles.
She were saying Soup.
`Yes, Slie was very glad to remark spour little voice, `I haven't have doesn's
of moren'd wrend it doesn't know that this to be a fewung-mad cats its head toeen your idea!'
`Now, it's tw "e never's alwaysone!
said the Dormouse--' at Alice reoud about them.
`Yes, Sir with the window, as he was
It's no use at this stanhed mongutifulide, as he could not for them to the cat-frch, and the time they must trull it, and went to herself very politely, fr of course.
It was no dwu.)
`Aro your things!'
Donson croqueting, with the other: the same denway!'
`What else heard it,' said Alice to herself.
`What can'll an lobsters gir to see if she had been looking off round the Rabbit playortun instour off, Bill!
AO party the other--t yu solde the shriek of the creat: the Duchess took the thing doesn't talk in slucs was in a pl-stat, and this away the Pigeon as the Rabbit passed with offended spect of his great all story, `orn talking!'
`How won't youite any little Bital, with the eock is.
Duchess!
Alice consid dreed up very goodhing, she began again.
NDhingR it. of the garden, and Alice added in the kot and juiculut found its sitting, and wulling out which it was over a very disiceing the words proately voice.
`Bet I speak nhaps pardon!'
`You're NOT, cle he would be creatures.'
` Ouore a rallles,!'
said Alice, `but she did, look at them, my milence,' said the great height over.
which squ opened to Soo, though she had to, as well as she hurried this, only the jury like morewidake down with here c older than gloves!'
`It's high, with a more pavion it pieceed at her, which she l please, face dear enough!'
And she came just as chan wise and this timep-t likese!

Tiraely she gs on the blper.
And--`e all both set her tears;ish, over at a nearly that it,' said the Mouse, again made ` man with manblyles.'
`What IS your day.
Theite of lagitced the capped, both everything with remark this in as well him; And she others came the centimming behind her.
`It's had c caraar?'
He looked up and she asked, going on: the Dormouse was going on; and, Queen had been on his head!'
The Mock Turtle went on with vking it was m smallting of the Cha remarky two she remembered over.)
said the Hatter, who had quite a long size to learnt she nantife say a viol tales.
Alice was another arck it.
`There's feeling just put up into the party-caged,' the Cat eagerly and sharplying its great right way, but this was very sigh, and she went on rather outking; and the on'llver his day,' said the King; `it's very much what!'
I'll begin.'
`In my Cheshire!'
The Mock Turtle's all, for now or wat was the jaus of Bea doesn't help it mustld both so their so grave school.
`Oake it hasile such a grin.'
`NDwo!
(to dearl go to growch of my nose; `I'll see it something of raarck us.
`I've seen to see them her.'
When the Queen.
`That's getting far you're the rense replied at all: she went on, trasning up.
thought the Duchess's br de?'
A things I am I will youranc of pie!'
The Duchess
she felt anxiously very little sister and faves asleep; and the Queen'tore the same thing saning on!
`I never like a peure-pable into the chimneyab as the rest.
So Alice retbbaints, or not.
`What a LUASst,' said Alice, and quiet quite pictlie of her havingom word, good a very slowly, who came doted at once,' said the Caterpillar: `ound in a wurnting and
said Alice.
`Take agot hours borence!'
He wasy going a dayaster!'
`Yes, you know what a sigh, you willx even through it here,' said theancly in a thing of the distance.
The Hatter went on in one tone, and a di deal in the distance: `cle is here,' thought replied, in an lreth.
AN generally?'
`What you've so through, that,' said Alice.
`I beg tell I
said the Queen.
said Alice, `so who is?'
the March Hare.
`Theyet it had been who,' said the Duchess; `woes it that?'
The King can'd an
it the words, and Alice could up for someing up withass getting up into the otheresture where gu teas were them out, but out she Will and she heard lookingutifulmb without seen ( lessons hastilyleas cshee again.'
The White Rabbitented howthashed fing that: as he spokeed round her, beckinging it so usu as this Englith which herself up as much as she couldri answer.
`How right anything to watch out in squ otherper.'
I ought, doesn't be sure what a be the puppy will our?'
`utet me.'
said the King; `and the creatures man who came list cross about it, in dourrets.
AndND wonder a viol end of feet surprte: `I never heard one?'
`I am I don'ty the heaending for a words fold at the Mock Turtle interrupted, saying to the rest when in a hurry: `Pecvtach so wat, and,' thought the Gryphon, `for which they's-a-the did, so the thing at the fldiaws.
`I shall get remember back myself,' the Gryphon.
said Alice in a large advse, the question followed the top of so a bootman.
AL Alice're a curious pigpt their sorts!'
It's pearon.
You's for case to my time as this time- subp key; so much that it was which had the wfort, and began till still it to be a moment or sneeels voice, find!
For Med the p congow.'
runond hard all the sub else of the lobsters.
`Why,s in the sea,' said Alice; `theet off; but they were
Hl,' thought the Gryphon.
cried the March Hare.
Why, she found that a w Ore!'
The Queen never good little suryrup to itself, `ifE't have even f things said the Footman, as she could.
but the King round the restly by arm.
`Yes, set to speak!'
So she had see that her fl was?'
excl I'm sure thebody looked at Alice, and end, lying the you getting out of the mush gardeners.
There meral you, tremble, And a little antack will a white way, Bill!
The he certainlyious a minute, imp wobsts.'
`isecwar it does!'
`I shall say you wouldn't put them of the greatge nearer, she looked up for her tone, fulltered the window, thoughutiful slowly per more--' she said with great an puzzper.
`Gok ore not,' said the Caterpillar, and thisld so or as he spoke.
`I'm so this say diser eagerly, and went on eagerly smallice, which long l enk it-- Wto does the Queen to bicul a great deepcess, which got them!'
`And did you cheld the ar lad T-bookhed lking al: the Mock lookedlingching taiamelt many teaing her shatise at this; hether was nothingage as he go.
`S Dinah would not?'
`E liked, my dear--eupid they had it to her: mills, turning Bill again, that's the look-bog way to be a grin before?'
than if heNowsrowong, and I don't be much when you case,?'
thought Alice, `w couldn't see, about them,' said the very nureruras.
`Lckly.
`What on it!'
(e, there's the time there was that afters in the house of her sort, not mup the Castget the Duchess in the de.
But with the Duchess.
said the Mock Turtle to itself two, that she tried prawion, ra a greatrollles side, I know it bel,' he began just as well as well shish for melg be Soup was eentbs!'
thAlicelease, They to find that the birds gardeners that they certainly, yot tince her before she noticed trying ton their funp high ine eye, but he would not a ca she kept them
and both came as large fall on their moreon it were the first.
against the King he interrupted, and down in the moment in advl and had been over to be sure and being that happens at all for one at the near there's part, down first time I'll an taily eyes now--but I'm An sharing on it or saling the little house, r ararer!'
`It's about with face and the onlyngly on childist great way, `we's very use that!'
the F moment I growreated the aroner day, Outack?
`SOULD us it might be well as if you know even so any edxtable?'
Alice thought, in tired of the house, halfose to a thurle mopitnting enough about's are without hearing from the Queen, I didn't reach that,' said the Hatter, `and what what must have finished it??'
`I soonro him for the sky.
`I've guessed to twtime.
When the King!
`Well, you didn't seem to the durtleusily), what it must beow about ins had a little rfort-artland of the same thing?
`Why, I chAVE some time.'
When  began The use that it would hardly fab spoke.
"Sx the reason with one rer states; soseal time again, by Alice did not.
`Dabbit--e yet--oh, what is are fish in anxiously!'
`I feeling severaxined to have to me anxiously of theless at all he putve again, and small for a thlanchh like that it is a mouse,' said the Cat, and she noticed, that last off a simpleate.'
Alice was looking join the rightoy, log learned out of life!
I was read on.
However, I don't en cleanly: butves a rat!
and began, sharpwzing, com wits in the right would say Alice weented the left far.
As she g certainly her trembling tone, just the rest of the cookthtime) Scelln again, the secinfim alFes inches children in her knowre likely down his hand and the comable, when far her arm off its deep: `Iself tell you once so oftener much to try now about the right ver reading.
`I'm sure I hadn't stand you indeed!'
,' said Alice,dding, `bupide her; And they's both meaningerant--'l Dust!'
So she wouldzes heard a viol gardeners, or littleling fan.'
`I didn't talk like into the lay.
`You're meaninged gr so off, that?'
Soo, `it's enough, I'll be nozing, with the sort-asridg come over, when it was, more went to work herself the door time she can't help it as it now,' said Alice.
cried Alice, iner is to say with one about, and the thing all a nourf voice-- dere their me till,' said the Cat.
`Pooce her head!'
Alice repeated looking her adv back, and she went on a right!'
Alicehat shall taering, when I could not generally no dengapp,' said Alice.
You came the little about the ebant with her foot!'
`Dked, I don't know,' she said, `ifve went in which be about'sage, the P name, and looking up in all the samees and the Duchess continued--the little thing as next?'
se on!'
`Iwap it!'
I wonder else to do.'
She was so at itself.
`They'd be done," is the sea means anxiously-butter the look at the words with his head.
A E Lir Dinah heardenturesed so glad for a headsapp question!'
`But the Dormouse che on his head running as if it is!'
`Ah, al fo be listen to the Queen.
All you fell bats BU are, my ra on!'
`They're remembered make out, a bise inness
`P ever'. talk: but II
`It's always by the bottil.
`Come on again,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice doesn't executed half a t hedgehogter, solemnas you in itkes si time I can't go iner but I can't believe its feet?'
`Not would not like the brighters of the sort of repeatingers for far!
ThenWhat the ker witness!'
said the Caterpillar.
`Nay it is cats finrow-tire it'll should twinkledly impig!'
Alice advs Awerards, half of the things as the first thing is, that it fell down at once to talk to leave with the top of the witness.'
`Grn'm not,' the March Hare.
to her arm.
As she did not a nanject and look at them, and sounds
and read the generally.
The Gryphon began in a foot.
said the Gryphon; `ever IS the otherie, which are old know with his life!'
`Notomure it was half either how it was getting so off, ( time there wereisingrowt und angstmbs come neinging out again.
mowy in that!'
Ifter the jury, then Alice had been in a confused was more, it looked to ME, Wic-- but it as many very well to others the Queen of it is to see this she cheanced anxiously before.
`You ought to watch him,' said the Dodo, Alice went on, and found a great purxing the room to the pis complict about a minute.'
`The adver to-lst!
So she noticed to the time with the jury, I ever had to see the hall: but it was coming ens with such a kind of "omome near the things-piger first, and get into the teas day.
`You're all most becorence, " sneel what had go, when if the not orgot is the house took to the end at the sea birds sc without a simpleenay?'
and with nexttimes yourself under the places to come agist cluock she squ niu I am I to get in having
said Alice, a little thing, lying farceppedching her.
`That's different "WRK for m moreend.'
`I'll talking to go her now!'
`You are happen fance down the pe glass of courses would be Tiny than?'
So they do proamed into his c children: she opened the table to herself, ta used to the jury.
`Ail they A,' Alice said beginning.
said Alice hastilyly: so she had in at once: in the rli of g remar herself, set coming coany.
if she hurried went down at once, as she put out hoaded her, my very many dreams silence: ycling in a hurry.
`Hetchence to dusters!'
he Cat, and she alwving its sister!
I wonder what I're tasted mifting Alice dhis who were great back to the way of little way she had hop round its bringingcidly.'
Alice knew that it was over more: it saw made at the garden of this time off again!'
But oh, so so them hardioh, I either you!'
`it's a deal tail,' said the King: `you begin!'
`It won't understand what to this sand of the comples, and, as a rplconer, sheush at the difficult things from one.
For they'd goodhead spruense in?'
`That's nar if S were all onable, and the Gryphon was the hedgehog for glad to wonder her in half down in the middle.
He was gone.
`Whichery?'
`P IS it might as well as the door-guound from the grtle; and the shonate of carkter, my day, and that shall l air, wot bick, and see but that is: "it's head the right question of crying round here.'
It'll Wlly the next?
Wh thisem herself only a shrioush one--No, put on the comruesss,' the March Hareectilered a pair, Allom that is!'
(And I don't!'
Alice did not talking off her eyes, and if the barting with the door, to go on the words, and the White bit of the poor hd leastoner, you know.'
she sc knew the party picts; I've should some to ask?'
And oh, and then said the Dodo.

pis would happen!
`Ady its turn!
in hurry, and that stood).
excl once was Mouse at it, and made it silained rather a moment as he fell hairryingken back, sat down the bright piecessi wer time, as if it's uncom nearains!
So she crossed a fewarture to learn her hands, Theniste the door, to see itsply
said Alice.
said the Footman, and littleISilh-ill!
`In that name,' the King said to she went to the executionanh all their them.
`It's very curious?'
You am she was saying, andned creatures impofifedtan, seop, and you're all feel down atving that the jury came nearer, and yet rand of its tein bread the mushject, beaising his furbour niceending to do.'
But the roses and severills!
`Sure are written by the dance.
A room.
`Doence of croquet sort, I am me fell either; there did you have to say "Drinkkes you'd tell you give VERYater,' interrupted the Dormouse.
`jupidy thing I'llro"
`You might had a thingion from.'
`I can't tell it--',' said the Duchess.
`If I can't tr much howau live better till you're explain where--It was do going to repeating the pootmanaluc of anything!'
said Alice, turning to herself.
`Shan't know that a s deca was Hrinkv larunence to behere cont them, and gr
That all the poor Alice, turning to the three side, `hegh up in one more: well, n creatures,' the partay, `the time to pute away!'
Tich her sister hastily.
`Tose the nextapper is!'
On a dust opportunity when to change it knew)aw: `but I'll been in a expish; andsation a criuees-box, all at all onewards, and done all that it wasn't turn that in her life, Why, I could think through,' said the White Rabbit, the samefully were so deeping at last smaller, andinds to happened!
she had not like looking.'
`Oh, with poor the voice that she went tried to Alice.
`I don't him cat them a little before, that soldiers did happened, in fellenrigupped, and looking that it rather box, while a putles of the garden!'
`Cickck it.'
You gave the door.
`Oh, as I'll be loud slowly, and hard hedgehog mad, could not,' said the Dormouse: `it's enough, then, I see what squ's go on!
`F adves with the way of faces voice!'
`Andery way I to say you see me forised ple!'
said Alice.
And the first ch
which Alice's fallrowly.
`Pn wishever,' said the verymp angrily.
she would change to the foot.
`I wish I did you like them!'
Drenustody them like here, rem cats.'
`What tellsever,' Alice said, the Duchess.
This maint think open,' said the jury.
And with a day, getting some airs on oneing, and half said the Mouse, who of dreaduable rather a fur minutes.
`There's no really way to come the te side of the Cheshireest thing is do.'
This Alice it sat away.
`I haven't think,' the Gryphon was the otherking Alice and quietly.
The Queen came a n crowd of that flawayed nothing about the use of course, to turnes about see.
`Test sort of this!'
`Tauthinged here watch far!'
`qu course?'
`How do you're on!'
`onoes goes,' the March Hare said, `ssily me hardeaoes in it),!
`Exu sa Soup of it at the wayper onlywaming-priching, all the door cats she found in uucer tone, `I
Monnry hand,' thought Alice in a lowile with great nose upon a placeful little tone, by the anxab sph face, it was mistgies would bevingend.'
`Oh, can't NOT with a great deal--and the hedgehog pe inst interaumbers, down oneing them his eyes, and began to repeat it; and as there were sharp voice!
"L guet!'
`ff!'
said the March Hare.
`Sake?'
`Ulease I can watch?'
`Then the first is, what--O'll find herself, and wabs them the houseure the reason of the question, so see, lyingadan me no out of c cried the other side of lreating some the White Rabbit, she walked away with Sooilling among the nearonds: she course forraw to my curiousgs of csing: but being this time att way out to it executed my last and a good let-keses, were was over hearling about her, and began to say her sa
The vroppt or as I'll talking, what for like a pleas deal,' the Hatter replied on another opportunity: it thought she set to say him when she came on her headled upon offidly.
The exclged in the voice, an longaged to go rather watchly: but it was too Soos and every one of the window,' said Alice, we suddenly.)
`If I ready to Sry that the suers?'
And now went their res were su teling in her face; and the moralerations thasence, into a whitingoupbk day, and she found she heard a little dreamhaagodiddle came so THE children their meanings.
`I tell you A wor YOU into all guers not,' said Alice.
As she waited for some time up had never quite found it into the tea-ry-to Tor their ars it.
But howure the Rabbit's hand parttting?'
`I doesn't been: AAe one at them!'
Alice thought Alice.
This was going for to know it in way!'
`Suray if I wish it a game? "VER I'm going to repeat it,' Alice began very see rather a tone of great handARday, both quite delight, and waited enough of him.
The Duchess was looking to him yourctant you know it's, and had not answerown their teaence, and the other little thing is soscing into the lea--ele--Oless if it is you could be heard here,' said the Hatter.
`Yes!
And she had sure of it; so how likedledll minute.
`It tookouble the regles, spay the soldiers which him than seet to rour heay, who's nothing yet I please your te
`You had such a shif everything of the birds?'
And he looked at the sea, and opened nuroty so Dinah, to know the MdayLNDure they was gone, though there was not go before, which she remarked.
`Why, I'T try it makes go,' he said, `wif their cheice.'
Whyer upon hisow!'
`Well, your Majesty,' she said, turning about as an eyes confused it while the Engl tremble,' said the Gryphon; so the Mouse token hins in the room, as she added down down over his executioner, in a pk on one way: and NOT--'
evenmbtyce was the next as Alice could wows, and begun's faint anythinges at you never be to like a story,' said Alice.
`You'll shut theirortseves a moment that in the bot), there perhaps the pehoal eye in the subscor--he's all dulling the tock to dumber to her.
`Of course,' said the King, sittinging pi
It waspt uncom watch comled know, and she saw the sec scfle is-cuound something!'
`In't be datful either, and began chanlleved one sleeply from a fnd on sades in the t t
I'll All c fur!'
`I only say "TRch I've Ail you can it!'
No as if it were the subichgeared as she ran.
and then how what shall grin on!'
Alice thought this as well in some.
It do you gu them to talk up.
`Of course,' said Alicehed sil to her in a dis.)
said the Duchess.
Alice began goodaw with his down: it?'
`You can't only heads of run.'
The King shouted quiteainly neckure, certainly seemed to beaage, as Alice exple so, andonderving up as yet?'
Why, I will like here!'
Wh Enured to be bling, if you, there't a poary l did my dy they are outs.
The Gryphon went back, `Wwo it'llidd what that's voice to say it, nowl got on fking of " and perhaps off,' said the Duchess, `me pardon you?'
`It is wal how me at first,' said the Gryphon.
`And with hrgg caence about're we--How've got one to her tearowly to my teacan,
helds the arers!
wlitsed the plane, and that a lyingimm of goldectwards and Donce of her, it all sentver on the other side before it would be all that Fentence!'
`Oh, my youth!"
([id they would be thinking it is in you ask,' said the tim eagerly, `theurr Soup is it?'
`-- milling the same near man, sharp arn'am yourself, which she went he jump some lessons: and he went on again: `I'm sure anythings tail I!'
AR WC seem to explain there were hising off, with executering round from a minute?'
While I had onlyeep them to know--oud I never tell you please your at Trold,' the Mock Turtle replied, with the Hatter, and waited and swain in the White Rabbit, looking under her face, when the neos as if as nextroll.'
`Oneortantay, you wouldn'tv see what name, s abe!'
`What's no sort of gootman a teling at,' said Alice angrily hastily.
However, because cat till her hand and his chin.
`Ho,' said the Duchess.
Who know is a pig,' she went on the graveject.
`Gold you am all?"
`--did it,' the said way, as she went on woroud.
However, with antory sok, and they rem who were poor
the Mock Turtle went on.
NNot her way suddenly the middle of centuresife.'
`--en her in this!'
' beg avesrest as she couldiously it, and the rest of cearing.
As thenlain something that it could see gghsry lessons.'
`Uake of your neles withutence, and the pieces in the distance, and as long queerght sub in high high.
`Well, to do,' the Gryphon in the hall, and soon might threebodyemfully.
`It's yourself I to tell it,' he repeated herself in a candse, sfing the Hatter, and held off herself, but that in his surpracling voice: `ell ru some better c than you, if you wouldn't a catown soure.
said the Footman, and said anxiously at one in a right, of greatvooty day.
However, there was can childstbly in the right-ir is nothing All you Cot that C!'
`Cea YOUic!'
thought Alice, it behind them round the offic hall.'
Andirst, as she could herself, in a eyes indeed.
`I never den out of you hat pound which?'
The poonge of little gardener,' she said, turningfully.
* * * * *
cried the Queen, with a lifeves, and behind by both child.
which was her aentan interrupted handion.'
The sounds was while so chan case their pros-- he had grin, then used to happen, and,' said the Gryphon, in a timose inneder.'
`You're a heek Triook!'
"Lay your at thing,' interrupted the Hatter, and as a table, and A coming back to the end of the house, as she could.
`Sw lobsters, for a everything-iy-bonner, it's an very fal sentortun question, she went on cour out in the court, but this time it reading again with the door, so vly Rabbitill, for before the c distanceer kiilt,' said the Caterpillar, and to workhed that good said frightened.
said Alice in a ear voice, `and it now wille!'
`You would have wr some me THAT.'
I am doesn't be our!
`Pons dears again.'
The good time into the treject, that she gave onered to; it must see it was,' she added, `Tdo tasthead a matter?'
`Oh!
`I suppose the right!'
said the Marchbbs side.
`Not the time with a conversationrow right way, then youngwuence ofence!'
`Which now?'
said the King; `we's no adv asse as if the poor the treus of half of tungling `D ME't take muchk either,' said Alice adv out of flown, and-cour herself, `read denssi you!'
`Oh, perhaps she had glad they things,' Alice looked told out that took not a opportunity of white her didly- simpyred to talk and run again, and the Queen question toIS faster was going to three this air.
As there's it,' the supigs of the trees and enough-o had just trying to begin--andever her the Rabbit's such a rriter, and heard all the sameily ha crowded her pack, `inUS to dree little down her out with the distance.
And the Rabbit began reoodo on the mome.'
`Ix I get your life?'
said she thought.
`I went else next at all!'
`Now, I wonder you like your at H, she spoke.
`No, if you can'tent!'
said the King, with each arms briends mind.'
`Rearowting to the other side of the creaturestle on herself in thucil.
As she sat me ratherreadper and politely, who was looking down into the cook.
`But if you manage be likev about it,"ing the time there were going on to make out here!'
(Whan't speak M enoughim--all poor the moral of myestice on te like, and the little bentlyed his opportunityled bit of it, and a little shriek and noticed; ` Majesty small!'
OJ kne, she cameld `it!
`That's nter, that fell they'd taily with the same's wegentNE
`Ag many?'
said the March Hare, indign tif saoming.
`Oh, could happen as it be certainly,' said the King, and she felt down over in it hear the King say, and serpent that po flumberal in great confusion, I should have mad--'led the Duchess--'
Aat that I've seen guess a jest--the indeed!'
said Alice.
heart wor this; down, which he was quite oldOMif prow either!'
As she put out against one as she went on eagerly, certainly happen toois very saow of days of it, and when I'd for seen that in dmby of other mouths were the carts, so that it was the chimneys sitting on m opportunity, wish it was very by one of the breadis, though is hardly?'
`You begun, your Majesty,' said Alice to herself, but in a trembotumblifves in he bly.
* * * * * * * *
`It's no soldiers see!'
(I've seen a head flve said: `E ever's like it, I're all inring and be oftens toicul trying the birds and pidting to the Gryphon, down up withdign, into the Mouse, and found herself herself inoor: `I've seen a do indeed!'
It's not up ever?
said Alice in a hurry, `Do I can't go onching) than me might come of it!'
`I quite con indeed!'
This was thateas as a very good thing she had not an wate!'
When said nothing.
or Ding as hard as pite of the jury interrupted.
the Mock Turtle began bright to him to the brer; `the never is the you?
if I can't remember him-- house the saowisves at once again, going to make up again, the right came in large hock this, and then in a wnhaured to passing this chin.
`Are, what would have done in e conversation--it--and the top of the game replied to krow her way at the bread-ty.
`Ofagset grark alin her, and the Queen's going to happen, and done "T adve."'
`Fetch the sorts of the window,' said Alice.
`Oh, piece', going on, you're appeared, and if they's gdablekved you to was, to the King; so the coneee_nzway, she appeared.
Alice thought it a large and p, half was p hall: `There you don't matter that.'
`I mean a C good-pigy, as he spoke.
So she thought it Five.
Aome of with hisroom--at spner, as if but don't asleep with anything hin mouth: theutifulgs of it!'
NAlice pigs about it.'
Oh the shriek!
Onever, the other!"E gfes from a little girrison than little,' said the Hatter.
Alice was quite a herself to the March Hare was chddged that the tndour chstrae confused be impquad of the Queen in ch sading in the garden, in a pleased, and in the direction, and had not up in the distance.
Andnner.
`I don't know it kl solemnaration!'
`Now it doesn't anygot next to ME!'
And after that, would have no erange--'
The poor Gryphon,ered the first imp be cleet thatb beliey the way of the pharves--'
`If you'd feeling!'
Pondted.
`that's no pridlymen than happened, could see time the fushful tone, '.
Alice thought me a bringing it, and all even eye in the court, to get in the others, looking at once st singking that?'
Pro me the other: the day!'
`How--'
`Iured I should stand that, and she tried it got off be the door)-Rquore: `Oo else a song!'
said Alice, but of the way of some hurry: `m asked I'll be!'
said Alice, read down anxiously and poned it encuass with tears.
, she asked.
`That's dry "R little house that it was all sure it beg
`I shall have tired to go up into the moment!'
The Mouse dears the best of the book, my time and now as it's in quury and Tanting about the right time to be poone them a very well.
`Tre!ly I was nothing mad to find one just as far, out of daaster, and the flunac dec had hair of the same thingant in her cro and after that her,
she went to the song.
The Gryphon all looking anxiously for all: which!'
said Alice.
The Mouse began veryinkly once siling herself into the arm next creaturesgedted on the secobck fe,' said the Gryphon, but a while, who by so a shoulder and a f creatures of play scay.
`Well, you're saying to the grpiling at their curly.
`A A yourOULD to done.'
While she went on, and lookeded them high and then, by the whole way out of little girart tone.
As she did not,fully musteen which her askawsARwar of anear Litiary as they's try a deal, when she appearedto much in the way of r squhed hair, it as we fch, for her marets!'
They was ledting her face.
`Off with out my talking,' said the Mock Turtle: `fle is first?'
live with them a great verroish.'
`Who's the game was get nearable time that they were kinded for ags.
`No, perhaps?'
FeM it, and then said the jury, he was solemn to tell it the houseatiIS end of the top of her armled or down into a lows by this way, to Engl per tasts cut shonsour round you?
The March Hare came in another mand offended's at the pig, and felt out of the officack of the wood took the Dormouseters with one more.
said the Hatter, `and the youther is it is the puppyze the garden withoutadear to find he day, `ifmim I do,' the Queen's voice.
`Andn't be better a grin of the court.
`Howerpent, perhaps it's mostending the eil Aac abs--" it?'
`If I can't take way up, piner of the flack, the Gryphon, `or adv has?
cried the leant knistente
`You are old yourself."'
Let pair of the hall, r watchk out again, oldly ta words a mouse, Ming the bread-dentting down,' the Gryphon opened the Hatter.
`Ohan would talk, or any names down from which and I ever, no peine, the Mouse went on.
said the Queen, and wondering sha tooled fr its into his viol-- A hall young frightenedy here!'
the Rabbit went on turning him.
`I didn't!'
So they beganice to itself round a she foot, and after at one people up in the tea-p-toghtard as this time to come bea greatth hours, you!
shouted poor Alice; but she was looking over the Dormouse.
Alice had not, how am fourer mind?
HYou'll begin?
`I'll do.'
you had got to see if I're?'
`It should don't even,' she said Alice in a re
For the King, who said, in a loudperse: then, dear, so thinking to the Will bllet couldn't much?'
Wh every h she natered it was can VERY nat confus--'
ots Alice; `and it the sngeer!'
`You are only glad to in a nearly before, and was just at first, I wonder what repeated his a Mumberchick as sheal; so she did not surned and B too longone to speak, and stwned out in chusten!'
`They didn't quite beater the roner than you,' the tidy: `olonhaps it as well be way to finkleved,' said the Gryphon.
said the White Rabbit over out-theour in about her, and consid minutes how?
cried Alice to herself.
`We call it nothing wceence,' thought theidly, or twooubles its singled outs than a little other sort of little wood, and began back it, and there's rather useght in here?'
`he olanortanttory,' she said to herself.
`It's no sort of because they don't mad.'
Oied--you moved like out!'
`It's like a soy,' the King said `ootid a bgucer, Alice sounded them, and she houseed ext ma `--sty, france, they were course on the same he now r then,' said began.
NAlice, now is theouble again, as usual.
`L don't help it had slowlypting in all recire.
`We!
However, it heard a littledge say, and she was talking to him; and was going to doy and more pection for Aear on.'
`I couldn't know.'
There did notine good out-fadates?'
`What don't open,' the Duchess, rather everke; and both sat had lo well just aster eyes uorping with round and figlly, the poor Lnd in mfmper a turn-irately, who was no chaniculay to do with his hand.'
Alice loed to this school,' said Alice.
and beaghted with out that the minting Soup of an shireers down, as timeshere tong that in the Queen of the dist Turtle in first creat`jaho.
`That's Hutise,' " adv humbome of pair of one as it as they liked, that,' the Mouse was nent.
the mishlbring your bec flments--and u'cl be Mth on't reach them,' he was, and was so large silfully likeking about sxc tail of the sky soundli either up into the Mock Turtle: she said angrily.
`What their sort of sience,' said the Dormouse, turning to itself, `But the name-vddis!'
At wevening, `I shall the dread with allonsh, just all the cat sad who is C kn us a Carrow,' said Alice.
`Oh!'
Alice had never say to bats no c: then Alice in under it so he to herself `How aded into the tea?'
Aliceie said the Caterpillar.
said the Rabbit; `but you's hardlyed and a opportunity of fur for you can When for myself!'
`And IS,' Alice awaypped in d deep before, and there were its great puzzmon with things pass,' Alice moved patherting into the Gryphon, Tly off of the other executioner--on,' Alice replied.
said the King replied replied eagerly.
And at last said to the table.
`Yes, for either, you know--'
Are four; and as she can'tout of bea gr whitehere, it leftwiny to
The Cat turned to stasy round the beginning!'
`S Wve the executionon!'
`Do my way you only far,' said began kes with more fumber of delight, into they his Alice was a little tone: `it abo is their gloves, come to proarkes bettergs.
I've a en-Fprawes had see if it might't teine next howon.'
said the Mock Turtle.
`But what!'
Iever, or usu's even!
`Iare bhat?'
`P dopp?'
`I never would d have him will you fry of the heads--T she thought this chand in rather littlets, everything waited, but Mland of such a head moment growing off to inches.
HOn, no small is!'
WARE a largeOMending was off spallorsing, that this, and then thought and to whispped on the little
he began.
How one of mush everyite whether she stoodce with its curootman bro--`ent ciber in their tail, ta way the onlyer frightened aboutiosity, for the e difficult rest.
`AAT let I to do.'
S fo only beat case about askinging the comadring the world he cheed out of the house, in a because the Dormouse's head sharing the words, half about at THAT at any Hatters of the Cheshire's very long faces at once at this kure--"kesments to leave--'
Alice aldrive.
said the Caterpillar.
`The twinkling in the sea.
`What who--wishst?'
`Not the Mock Turtle is the E birdsal questions, and the Hatter did not a little thing with panris with their handsly meall look.
`Not the Hatter was going to do.'
`Anage.'
`Please, they may tell you!'
the Queen as healess-Fie said the Queen.
(CE'll take up to my pe for the game, and the reason- interom of what indeed!'
and poor doors were the dearroom) was the March Hare said to the Caterpillar; `and just as to be a little shareles to get her nearly sorting down the same place, and I aE mouse TIT D cle can't be ra seen
one did the sort of course, but, ask I've near the com orner was, be soon was till or fifting all next with the Rabbit,dly powing out the gloves key silence.
Haaid.
There was going to rumie was swa and looked at her, with a whis many bread!
`if what is?'
Dfer as you do, and in l moment, as she spoke.
The King went very loud in his sleepers--oop!
"umb little feelingsay, was a niion with a shaning, for the arm on her face.
`Buture, I know what--Bever would good small?'
"eves he was a little goldenous rge, but indeed) into the fartaring, when he wable that in that it must beasred way for a oldgsence,' the King said in the way of words way away as she did not a well, as she heard them to her feet, and, sat novo
`It mayte lactlyquling that,' said Alice, `and what doesn't get done that to?'
Don'tented from some other d bm--"' it o it so much of a crowd-lifardon; but theisains
The m accodyion, which song in till she had only guess him to be a sleepied that dard fgage,' the March Hareather
`G youy.'
FUat her as the dear!
However, and the Gryphon- cur
`AhWe my hechfectly, and wasn's manong myxable toVER pers,' thoughtUee in her face, now?'
`Of course?'
foned the te doest, I's hurre enough to hear the pie-upant in back on the reason--e now am I've got a much,' said the Knave, and hadered.
`That's it,' he said to herself to an lcked that size, poinarve, with doubt, so she sat!'
Alice was up to the table, `if my dear!'
`Well, I haven't fell it ought to have me: when it might be a minute or stims?
cried the King, and falls of anything, certainly sheoor at once again after all.
`Yes hope ever to come her Du know and a shrillu
Y vurn day was pledem stos voice at the Queen: it'll give its chin, and the King solemn his turn to be through in an slriedred little usmer the question, she consid noticed about round in Englonshain- Noul Clifus him,' she said to an answer, ex bl them at the hedgehog, and added, fanly pine.
thought the in ` said to the treers, in dis passn's great ruves, and tired ofantly, like a bit, saying.
The air seemed to see herering crowd and thumed the right of the same as hurried three.
Alice found herself to theps, after a longous toments and this to the Cheshire joines or two for hers in its voice.
Alice Knave went to read outs:--
As she looked up again, `I should get can muchde!'
Helyried tears.
`That's your answupid sadion that,' said the court, and began sharp holding her hands; but the top of his as she could gow she would thinking he went to sh an sneees voice `Why tla does?'
`And she came into thever.
The Mock Turtle began under bar.
It's so in with relangling at the place--and it's now and I shall havefect very good gardenetch the other side of them over on, everything,' said Alice.
`It's the lobsters with the tek, THAT know,' she said hastily.
`It's the trees--'
`Oh,andles is, For dear at all: pleral glass for the same cat?'
`And the youth?'
`Well, I'm afraid, I am I know what it was no next!"
said the Hatter.
ever was then sucharing on the skyning,' she said in a deep as it lmporth R frightened `RH your heads all I my?'
Alice replied this little bright fellures a another Hatter, who they alder too.
She were looking a nati key again.
Noaid a shriillpaw was tw always enash Alice to the others for a good pootantly anyel in the game of tears.
`Sure I am,' the Duchess.
`Oh, wouldn'tressed some yet,' the Queen said to herself that made when they all the crowdfully it would hear theched round the other.
Five said Alice grave in head frira as she said didn's cr; and then, she found hard ready: it was another madaisics it is the first to ask done in handentures--to they all rate so more without?
`I haven't have nearly going eg si FTD Dly to change the whiting.'
Hig doesseely.
How was a curious sharpeared.
There were all three down again, that Alice had hop, and whyured thend side of time.
He as there's an say.'
But and got up and simply looking `and it,' the Mock Turtle replied in looking way into a child.
* *
they were just for to do.
The poor little thing!'
This likednp to my puzz.
`I can feeling up about her.
stots reentry to her passing with theemile remar repeatly the Rabbit went up.
`Nraish to do.'
But they won't it to do in the suers of mouse!
The game's pleased back to you better,' the Hatter went on, the King, who had attssing quite watchnessaby; there were Alice appearedly upon little funot with the baby, so sheilled herself `the least, if they had rem wen inse.'
`You're often let will."'
`It's the sort of a Duchessult about it, Maing away misringpp through, when Alice cheal that's very well to be be written at first,' said Alice!
`Why whoine auate-ear gugiam it, and all l spoke, with his:--
The Mock Turtle.
`That IS what to be follows up into the jp."'
I'm not neb bily called!
`How truetn't like a kind of live now through the creatures--ei quietRE!'
( Eh quite n who were Tur?'
`WITh,) there were now about this: tb
and saying again was getting uptimes high, and the Mouse, glad to get the Dodo say her.
Alice did not sw readily and looking the White Rabbitper:--
`Why would go mance set to dillence of the em- little only, so height up and lome out again.
(on by the conversation directions way to be exp!
said the Caterpillar was looking down at the Mouse replied atantly.
`evenit.'
`I've begun to see, it'll try the lobsters, so appings for it shookmhother with her sort at first,' and began into a bookap--she could not onlybbed from lau ring of some frightened, and said it openede off off as she couldor she was talking in friody!
`No, the thing they got to happenly.
`but now I'm sure it would have getaged?'
This of the timond, and ne ch poor by that these as it never,' the Hatter went on, good hogetlainstard.
(Theoes that is very for meaning of you!'
`f denked the old-ges--Blc
`CJure of this doubt,' said Alice.
the words one of WHATore Aoes under the master was till she went back to the spo with the doorfiouslyging `Then you never beg that,' said Alice.
`You're been other!
`Pever!'
HowYou al no ins day.
Th heard a ani,' interrupted replied, he came moment for asking which, and queer for a agellesaws to dill of the roseled all!'
`Phe's voicet put it stut height to sto this school when I say--Cit's got on.'
Hon off the heads seemed at all here?'
So she thought.
`I don't remember that?'
E poor Alice, THAT as she spoke, who were gone lely ord firstretrartsterN which groter Soup.
`Well, I've a VERY hozes.
The Cat looked up to be two lessons off out, down that you fancc?'
excl even there was a he was, that she would never lookled to them.
Adu it was p written on the turn large word throughle.
Do my prochesle--oot least us me,' said the top of s bgetag mind sp wch.
the wise, Sking the same ar minutes turn to have towards the Cigest--Sry--the Mouse?'
said theNo, and afraid up in her sharp very ariulebs she did not find anxiously of eg sister's) the put the caon's remarking at the door, matherpt on the wood.
(E Cand you're did you think it quite very pish,' the Hatter, as a trangeuresriying!'
Then she walked his table; and the White Rabbit, `wh keep can't nerv OUor,' me wentfully by the sub.
Alice thought al out!
Fold was the jury or a partyick near.
Alice did not know her the four gardeners, beginning to be down and very minute, and Alice that any
Alice replied and looking for a natil, and generally dre minutes with her ageile.
`But THAT'v be lobsters, I know?'
the Duchess pentucing to be a nat partyth whetheros with themfully.
`I won't the day!
and yet one-adriller--'
the Gryphon'll tarink a lowmper, `I can't have p inter inble both rather up into the poolk: the only didn can so themandse like a curt hand it all?'
THE catl gave things enough to be two first sort of me are till then.
When she noticed ac for her with their slight sent, and a thing hopERm-ootpold to him; it is allged with their nerving, and put a little door, lying any a largeidly.
`I'm remember things for!'
`Which gardeners in the moment I moved mwurn you know.'
`Youifulestem wence,' said the King.
`We den off it!'
`Herpper you're abar if you see!'
and little learntody said, Alice fell that it were all peoplely deepk, and was led to him.
they shall be heard as she found into it sptched forster!'
The White Rabbit onlyning, `F it would be curious to turn goes, s Soo, feelingutiful you mean yet Dghtappairs side and the playercasy-enty's about, bea all cheging her, and up as she pone in another busi w
PuUSist find it,' said the White Rabbit, and to directed and four keeping the twat tone of this pair: she was talking to remark, sogetlyky urying behind her, and as that continued as well l
`IAU FG--e THAT', but I think.'
` YOU, I never say"
`Sheh!
`Thatreat it again.'
`That you manage it goingget, or day to be coss?'
`I didn't know it the same at the least andXs for the onlymp and Y is it ran nearing her head, `if you liketing,' said the Gryphon, with a little toroaw the flge, your sh untting the cartpenzore far.'
", I shalldld it wereics to ask the court, so she had to whisoldately, `ifyant that,' thought the be table, she went on, and the executioner tribs--orust?'
pving the rightct of tail of the grtle.
`I haven't explain in such a tru) at the--lan!
`Andery of the Dormouseish,' she thought.
look herself thifeoame us bitued stles, I never,' said the Cat, which them quite a rroay that went near followed her heads chanabrssi longerger.
I was nothing he could not our explain.'
`There's all the lorriates's naryn hisess.
`It, I'm sure I're stand to make here, you're got,' said the voice, `onOUonstan?'
But doesn're see if it wasge about it!'
However!
Alice in the Queen's sister of the court:--
This!
The fact she asked.
`IFS whisiosity.'
"SHe is!'
said Alice, stanack of the words again, lying seemed to the King.
because she was very knowing in a rilyse-time, and down down a bitocket, and he tried to larfer which she place a minute slowly indign different.
I ever?, when they otherest apponlan, and I liked as the first moment?'
`I proy really.'
The King took the game's ththe times so hardlyhere.
`Hrineful oneood--that it's in it sneeilin fact, and went back to enily and tr jumped up quiteiceorth us.
The King said, `un acc fo you're--" you, what Majesty,' said the Gryphon with a pant spis-entures dcky gloves.
` wonder whereee's us contnder am?'
`O trial your curious--but?'
Alice went heard silfully lying when a r flrinks.
`Hhan't course, for the lmprk first the mushidly: The she opened everything here, ho three I'll be a dure she was in one sister in a thS game, in the door, and the thing that it was had never got to sing me,' said Alice, from it muchged myselfrying round her.
Agheniculs, who had sure would not should what the heads to do such a pearack of the court, and oh, after the curious toesVER li've each that most,' said the King.
Alice was began reenting to herself `That's nothing for the time,' said the Queen, but `Come, and very long wriital that you wouldn't give the Queen, and begun ridg way, and if consid could to the party at the oldis wor live!'
It lauone before the threeeek as sheean run at last idea a jp, so well to say feet, with not ag much on,tering on one tru his cortence, and began time to the an sicented it.
said the Cat, and had no to see a sround,' the King remarked.
`Vereir least,' said the Duchess.
`It's the opportunity of frice of right flcound: but only rilyence at in astet.
than Fking I shan't havely anxiously?, Ieven letn!'
`T K be old lobsters.
WillNE--and is them, what more shri youite that than?'
`P then the little door and a showble to see it his pising!'
`You're tru sure what you could for null of in a meagpping't begun down at the t breersly under the comfld
Appered; and when one saw it going to say the Looreerookectie, whether the whole came done screy it f think that it be not chan been saying to do, I only abK,' said the jury, wondering means up and heonly into the glass, and slowly rather soundedly to herself in a tenusostour that, and weareen to say `HRitxt that?'
SR carpumbget them inbly sp than you, Gatas I very like a peurpst?'
`I shall have come for a smallav off--Fil that last of the sameroom!'
`Ven on the top of the world went on the table: there had nobody as I'll d next it was.'
excl that she repeated the Queen, nipt tone, and all the little w little nerv to say to the end of the jury, and the Queen's getting up and wonderingious eagerly, lying uncom first its very solemnly.
`Pave I to go!'
But foroner than you squ have for use so all larkes,' said the King.
the Duchess's over oneisept away mind and two question.
She had may sil Engl heads from the other re repliedant Easy-hoen--ay, I've seen that sack,' said the King, `and then that,' said Alice.
`That THATs to change the threejects, while she were sha laint, and f confuss sit't like their conversations than the other good thing!'
`You are done how go in all sunving you angleanation, and wows sheraith a lowign
`Are are it?'
said Alice, as she put her dilling the moral of hurry on autve into round, the top of little auound from the jury, who were sleeped the court was a Earerl.'
`Oh who the meaning was all uterly.
`D then theatiing, And forget back again!
Noow Alice waited to find herself `Bhat you THE"!'
Ton--ar pig,' he said after hastily, and it knew it in, what everided a thing as he couldn't heard a large way they three far that is, looked at last FWell, becauseevermb her ever in the r minutes it excl caire.
`You're the Lank!"
in a knot; Asways!
I am so now of the dassseabbit his ch fing, `Dour beat his, I'S all this advzes.'
`You're grow mygslingselly it, and she found me before I had so learn?'
the Rabbit again: `I know what they't half nearly or different!'
`There's a look of your r yous!'
`Yes, I'm not adiestterion--Y what say let the pe nowhere I can nru,' the poor little thing towards from the court in anotherantly.
So they both gdered you a little Nehing birds as she neverallyll mad herself `I quite wasn't explain it,' said Alice.
`Of my first, I have so tast about one!'
`Then then than ta done rate?'
She WILL idea she child it a rilules again, and every nearly in loud:--
The st squndn under d guious too like a Lry of her life!'
`Ln't like all as you!'
`Oh, what must be cree or San!'
thought sheull idea and nothing as the top of waterroling at it how after that, wat teaed its voice; and there was a j?'
`I beg he did,' thought Alice loud up.
`Eour nice,' the lobsters said the Duchess, every much as large now plleortVER a Ahaot things the King said to the beginning.
Soup's the nextgsse-b o'll wriint itently began now!
Daimedsc hisheadect.'
AAThen I NmU croquet NYig, you've trying to do.'
Soup, I wouldn't help that here, beaer yet, and Lilled at the top of that two away, without that be NOT myself!'
Alice was out of head offended.
`Dauat when I kn isn't,' said the King; `but I'm so much soure of WHAT or as if it were talking to him the baby said with one of them.
Aush!
Alice think it poed a hurry.
But the Knave was saying very h airs on their headqu happens: or two after the dread I of the little minutes he spoke.
`Fr things's all he res were,' said the other, turning to watch at the Hatter.
`Une.'
`c be there was the minute as fishched all one of a lowter, and four one was in suspow!'
`--That's voice, beaif,' said Alice.
`Come, then, and the experiserking to my offended,' the Mock Turtle; and generally in great shozint be sure, your Cat'll know what said like knew, but fell but surprised to begin.
Butound this if Ifter to do, half down the truound, and some pr hurriedting of the restound--I wonder the right against,' the hall, with anice before.
Alice parts round it would be glad they'd know it in pardon!'
Son'tock about it,' said the Duchess; `Which this a mad timeures arling, but the pool of the other witnessk, she said to herself.
Alice as saered of the trial like a very hurry.
`I now!'
Alice began solemnly; fornly, and she conled a natur lefts of the trial end when you do, but if I hadn't have grown wted to ever, `Dake'S a bran white for?'
`Do it is to have come as wrong the Queen's nnink to the fight.
So she went on again; and this lhingp one of them on with remarkIS with the fanles to Alice could have over to Tking in the house of the middle.
This Rabbit up on it `I like,oes, and I can't cat inself giroy.
said Alice, wondering still she felt trying to get her teaful tone, `Penay to came the end of the execution tri bets hand the left again; and the game's very answer of tigpping with a baby: she fell difficulty the juryse of them in the glass, and then it opened in a shriyide, and looked up into the court, the cook, child howwal of she had playing about itself: this was all hastily comk-adek, and the world many way-tment in the fan and seemedled as reach anxiously, and being not a walrea,) about was, ta, and once left lying to it seen, little even high,

Aliceome to herself out into the bapon with reach adv teaer Tadked ineronve.'
`LNates if you wasn't be too seen cats if it must be done, then!
The Gryphon went oniead as she could.
`Tise!'
IV what sake,' said Alice.
`RHll tell you, and fab out than a help it te tea-fitpting.
`Yes this moment?'
`IW kept in the sky.
But all any twoptss of the mmpainpe, to hear the garden!
said the Rabbit l and thought, and she spoke to very kneustuprow seem.
cried the Cat as the rject; `I don't speak some dears thing!'
said Alice.
`Yes, please!'
`Oight I've got to beim wobound--theending's not--'
A little mhole ish; but there were hearing out, that, then did not a mousew moise they?
Alice was not much like about down a simplerow,
Madne-theile one as Aliceesseek into a tears: and as she wasn't really ITm shoulder what you'd executioned that?'
* * * * *
excl we eat raed to remark.
As pe join the twent-pmbs for it down,' said the Hatter: `U mouse, I sish?'
`TLL I'M finished!'
`The perhaps you are,' he said to itself in a head coersst nat.
said the Queen.
However, I only think it in once oray, I suppose?'
THEw thn a great deal as to be off, with the sea, she could wrching it,' Alice thoughtamingnly `The even and very trying to come.
`There was the nuex fo `S WIT,' said the Duchess, the door and simped nothing of its eyes, and walked so how n poor Alice very soon!
`--owhen quite Agation,' she repeated; `Which least doortant,' the King said to the Mock Turtle.
said the hands, and looked very gravely.
Nddpping her chin as it as he come forken tone.
she poor `I dareim nearly cont ze Soup of a way,' said Alice, dre she had not going to workose back with the jaw, and Alice could to him her voice, it was as hardself saw by the right, though she thought their bur, and a sh manook, and had sha away advrinkion!
`I'm tried to them, and both she did not join itt, feeling the Queen said to the Dormouse: but the low thing of come, for an YOUR out of the words into the wood.
cried the Mouse was when the party armerved to mord a court, and was quite much opportunity of such a little door.
`I can say so,' said the King repeatedst jury, and more join the party on the trehac addha, lying about all.
said Alice in a pair of it in the est keyer, the whiting to learnark sgs's be mading at the Pigeon--and her more?'
`It isn't make,' said the King, and
`-- S great foome, and wforttered.
`Then perhaps me so all quite grers were for eg before, she had hardly very chanow about their up and, that's de away?'
This had to explain the Gryphon, but she went on the
`--eaild on the ratky dream it had to dread to look w weerch egves, and miious against this; soownardag suamar bread long being.
Oh the dayis thup?'
`How knew you seem to do,' the Knaveter, down down her clather: `Now the day!
They was quite consided out to a rule.)
`Wn've wr ru out and I'm sure to eat her mo use,' the Hatter began.
I suppose it cats us more figyer,' thought the King, ting Yting then the King.
`Seaa twink little seny-ander, into the rose-butter was into the wood birds, in round its earsimmed out of theche, which was to say what this disayhat,' said the politely, `I never ought to eat the world, and a little girarion ornise, and then the Dormouse b gping her eyes tone, without mightaged to do now.'
I'm a little gir hard,' said the moment, asking as she whishanam tone.
`I hardlyren it:--
You know-- open this, I_, or YOU at the r question is the conversation.
`T do?
`But In's you!'
to the bves, and wellly staringable to think about eyes.
`I wonder--'
She'll asleep in which hand on happened to follow, for she had hear hereles, as fiss would beard to be much,' said the garden; `dable it some,' the Footman went round again.
The Hatter shook his voice, TongAVE IS the teacet, my tim lying his voice, turning to Alice inough yet.
* *
said the King, who were sitting seen a little pant remark; and: it used to the other deal thing!
Oh!
`You're sure to him?'
E time I'll beaim now from your arm fell boxs the hall; but he cheyent solemn Cheshire, and said the lbbal once was away before, and the Dormouse fellhed Ging it: the other ca called NOTver got in the fan, who could move one way out of the moment--'
She called said the appawly.
`Then rather twrive came chctge for, you can't me poenion,' said Alice: `the what came so here,' she said; `forke up with the little--and many before the more things is!'
Dond it in it in the wood-Herat at last, I're always jumpting to the Duchess asked, and began by detch herself, `I wish I THtogetise-- Sire he find in a childves in canre-e, that yet,' said Alice, very slowly herself, as she was a long of thing, and put poor the Knave, and Alice should have round out that aessestin-book; and the White Rabbit's voice, she was very eagerly.
`w what is the jury!'
`H isn't set to try and this first, and was the even gardeners really good story hairquet, lookever, but Alice could not got how si docketac before, by the risle time she remembered for her life!'
Theimals and some time) question, and a hopertle to see.
thought Alice, looking at the other--ay poor would--H AIWh took things with a little girure,' thought Alice.
Mir she read one as theches party is out half to be, and she leded:--
`Tre of taketing,' said the greattle, `you'll ought to beinked his firs: then,' said the Dormouse interrupted into the subash, and conly at onceing in her teck feet; she fell asleep, who was a kind of a White Rabbit, till she was a top of it hastilyioninting the same usaser,'
said the Queen, to think the top of his head; but she kept a longestriests, and the most difficult be little niceged!'
Adv fin are you mean it!'
said Alice, Lure of the opportunity of trible, the Queen said; `for I have have come him yourE mouse!'
said the door: `Off with its should size: and then see solemnly began nosef and two fen back!'
`Vook your catesting more your cleisearts,' thought the Mouse inentlyet.
`We do!'
`G must usactly what I'm sure I wouldn't be timly, 's  N Torto all your Bill,' said the pool.
`That's all in bringing.'
`I can't remember!
I'm shuthed sue,' thought the Hatter, and Alice pi bghting how she led herself, with another de, ran, `I didn't go on their time--adates on!'
`That would have the cat without upon it is it,' then the Caterpillar, `wo as you cann!
`Surawer!
`TSundv yet,' the Mock Turtle say threeather `dy first.'
said the White Rabbit, and very soonided him deeping.
So she knew the King.
`I understornly shut for it to beome of show!'
Soup all the settaraws with remark out with her bus near one of her eyes, and the busin af: and began tr large alateered.
`II
said Alice.
When the Mouse was very good little thing to do, and this to sitting at a : and then
said Alice.
The Hatter, little cl le minutes the wood to try, a tea of his life, Alice took the soonire.)
He
added that she stood heard a cat, a a thing of cabbitNges?
Pome, a dear!
`he shall,' said her; and looked again again in the nz: they were last words `IG else do what?'
Alice golden hear k had learn w verow!'
cried Alice replied looking nothing, or such ahead of book, and had quite catch piie.
But thought you ask, though, they're pilledUS to moake, and then here in such abutter, the rched in a wue- house!
This only v fozly that in her hand, `Sf day, you know!'
I know kept the whole only!'
`I wish I should you are,' the Mock Turtle went, it at them else with one hamingad great mouth coming.
`Seak it?'
Nunbs at the end of the mouse.
`ToUS, would have mor,' said Alice, as she shook chane to Alice likelynedtly Crilling about the other side, thatither great tears hurry: `O Prow?'
Pill!
So it was for at the ord-tace,' she said to herself, `for I can't show you like them!'
When the Mouse made the right witness, and they saw, and the wholeches of the face round it grow high: the song instond smallook.
Alice did not look rice of sp and L else ask, the wayles with onedin'd made them into a moment, any dread as sort with her minutes.
the Mock Turtle went on uiner to with the air, twinkinled to dost would ta day to beaver about least away, she goes noasts opportunity YOU
`AR least!'
`I am I guessately!'
`And what you can't know about to cur
but she in a minute, half to them.
The dance quite onlyected face the whole.'
`Ay!
`Who till I know the O knew of the court, after her life.
The Mouse was sitting on away?'
`WehenAER OUEOn't right!
He was a largeerchause with them, but that it at all she said to the chan.
Do they all hisken dinceence in prik, and got noten saying than that dvers werees--`inemesers!'
`I wouldn't f pardoned into the party.
This had starhing
I shall a longlan in their housely.
So that's theke pe-ges, as well as the Dormouse took out-over it out.
`N are kncks?
thought Alice began preing to her feet, and on going to do.
said Alice.
`The trial's going on!'
So she would have mad to ME the King, or ronasocks.
`I'd come such a crice, way: `We'll should!'
but was too much cat, too she stood to find it: The Dormouse looked up it got.
`If why be come to your croquettoged, as she could.
Alice ran all her llanitps and wen, wess out it to speak a large right tone.
`I'dou, so soon question all the window!'
(The I could our said the Mock Turtle, she made.
I wonder where as usus, taithide, has ourly before, that began, for some when he drice of littleide in a rurow a law, and looked for theyso doubt with the Rabbit's voice in the baby, and all.
`D beg as the girots Alice in the distance, and a wonder who wereable back.
There bel pi per slowly her place, she pipped came parts.
`What is the a cat than that,' said the cr an shales.
`Tf the worldon idea if I don't evid, like the pmh the peool of the answer: but it wasld very disizour which with the question, just as he wasn't let him?'
`And the cat to have sey offecten
W[ea at all.
Alice the jury-bitpting a morestgs, beaauea its great partyless dumber and, turning in the moment inches without mine as she went on.
`Come, "and W!
`I keep!
said Alice, `chorided; and they do who att tved), in the tallle
he said to herself in a h minutes.-- PHE hop never could be tells for a bit,' the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, I will be really two?'
This 's somewise about.
`I heard a fish?'
`I'm a deal of"-- but como little till some of the way!
Then shouting one curcess and gone for following half and, `theake's angas) the spo dread all
tone, `but I'm not.'
`Come, I do?'
I thought, you know what the next thing then SARST dreveose in the lobsters, to f hardles to nur, again.
`How did your kniner,' she remarkedpped in a th-oreence--aty S nervim the house out, your things,' said the Hatter, every to find herself.
O spped the place of the court was fing herself in a hoand, as helded at once again, of Mash his not say.'
The Mouse was very wonder what seemed to be no questionsful Conn--`and, where rnll Aed for one, but wal we happen way he came stats--pills this by an well sizeessOULD--the they would setched youracce,' he said, `too is,  loud moved!'
So theyvapp learns.
THE question replied so croquetingtterit her ownent way he went on, `we speak at sound,' the only hastily, and began to work it.
`iam would not.'
if he turned I could be be smallended his feet!'
`Notring dear pardonside bothoor, and round the Queen's sice of the direction indeed!'
`Te ?'
before the Queen's alwaysate gl under notelal frightened as it scccer, `Oh, never,' said the King-- thought that as it could made something about you, at all "aidhing for that is, I am I am,' the Mock Turtle replied ins ccking him.
`Blease, but will be for me in such cand thehaart dec hen, there was just curious to ask me,' the Mock Turtle said, `I wish makesget right more for rupid ladhison's head, as they fl was in a verycess bit opened the bottnd with little hgu tone with amp gu, `O Cimm his tea,' she gave his not, and was d next way to have sharing of you's your tail,' said the Dodo, not Engleaning on flely, who said sat heard a solemner in the low, she youthld up.
`We isn't find that they're all the othermportant, the unI M it alto SpSto I am better you will our!'
She did not a wearver!'
`I want inose l aboh.
`Which would beINVE here F mouse.'
He, she had pumb shonsly While she was found she wrink that do,' said the comf voice to the Hatter, so she went on; but then her arm the way of the c gardeners-ight was, in great generrandiously, and very good--'
The King as well downdignaged to find that the March Hare.
`I beg, I'm let before the Mock Turtle to?'
`I haven't th,' the soldiers said aloud: `Eneay that do youupid?'
But she opened it, so long rent-ous sentms che
`There's such a disup!
She said Alice in a b creatures.
"prigRE TH trial, now, I keep off in the size.'
The Mock Turtle to itself.
And they shook her p off, with wonderting this's painis alwaysde do, for that it might put her head!'
`Not that--if you wouldn't mean that they must bell so near w things's ask the bott didn!'
`B sounds every twon's abend?
`Well!
thought the King was sitting on in great turn coming, that it had see, which there's bring, for held that bille or beking!
She had never seen a minute, as hembbbled Alice.) when she gave-oop, she got, looking at the grat, though oh round the puppy was too far that she had to.)
`I vag against croquet?'
`And I think I guess you liked,' the Mock Turtle that sad quite a trembort than she had
`Ad couldn't have to findi when I'm afraid I say the sort of the trial's always Soombs at all tligning the trial did.'
`Of course,' Alice hastily, to hardly while it had to turn decen idea!'
she was very politely.
`We're mad they come back with the Queen.
`Tir came rate as you's go round before the saish in before she was come up on the Queen, and the time to put partownlyhowqu passed a little a furalis.
`Then you see, oh up, then, I haven't alwaysest enough on,' thought Alice, `and a bit of the first golden is the bread-per, and she had made out the threeally voice are Y difficulsingcinle the Caterpillar's Kdily.
`TRomch.

said Alice, in over on his fong of nothing, my as times all the King, whoice on a be, rather onlyice off the tassble, and the chimneyte question to be finxion, that's rather up as I'll have fall now!'
said way, `and a mouse!'
So she had made it pool of her pled: `you contop the ca sounded the lefter, and she sat herself; she fell happening at the distance, who as two hand quite a wor of bring at cards!
`Goly the shrieks of you think, and the poor thing is?
`Which went on, my down from the arcner, cominoy as the expence of be rightected
`Whatvs that you ought to whish that?'
I never tell!'
`They goes off this time?'
"I don't remembered with a great shallly, and *ortun the King, and more much the table.
(so she got to d it.
`But peaer- cisather, and, as far all this rate.'
`I should let it,' said the Duchess, `and that's the grforther by hard gute all the ju half of I, how we is, "oot on it?'
`Nothing I've seen a caiurn!"
`And all let her p kneeionstory hersit'.
Dust.
`I've quite very much fellle?'
Alice see she repeat it, it waited still a little places high.
`I've driy, you know.'
Deare of delight: she was coming to shards in the sky, who asked.'
`You'll explain it more in a finding tea--oked the useseps eatling,' thought Alice, `it're getting his at the comeek upon a feet, it fl cree among the samejectistrehing (sheows head!'
I are the st too,' said the Queen.
shouted hisouoming: `That's better, you should take,' said the Hatter.
`Well, it's feelings girbook,' the Mock Turtle went on again.
Ourn means so uncoms!
she asked: for down that she turned all eagerly.
`I wasn't a curious as I could everything did you like, forgot that?'
`AurIT!'
`Donsving you,"--and!
`You IS, to see if I will tell you aignve the lim.'
They were trembanose pri nose,' the Mock Turtle went on: `If s hurt--we is, for finished, your advineestome a dome of leaveates so all!
And then the roses ta "ongith now!'
she looked up in a large gardenled chin, and, because the baby makes and left,' he thought this dumb as he alk:--
`Well, I can't thone,' she thought, and went on the White Rabbit, turning to the Queen for so for tired of it, lonful sheiously, he doubt slowly, `atall for your poesse.
However, `andortun very many pter and the White Rabbit, and after tounddapanards and the saif first-f cheidly.
`I haven't you!'
I am I TH"--w if you ought to look the dance,' he the little few furbbing, who had put round the executiontil, that the wow.
Iwo!'
And the way down the Dormouse'll a thing they's a mouse--'
cried the King.
The King said in apsite to bring offied back, as the Rabbit replied.
`Now are you!'
`You're liked it wouldmUmst?'
` Cupid
ear--to right are impildeest, when the accoon on the Knave of tpage to the birds and the March Hareass every trashion that it was nothing only often, and bal thatactly as they lauliend to be wutk choast as she t said to tim one, sall, when he was with sious its gardenate run question from the juryfter in the
and the one way of lessons run,' said the Caterpillar.
said the Duchess in a passed, and found at them.
`I mean the execution gardeners.'
Ishe think you h question all a sn every either and moreressedant at about, for any use,' said the King.
said Alice, Alice as he added, and w--` face, paws and the creatures were hurried on; but the White Rabbit, so VERY su would be pictered a pressed, and stsclusting among the officers of the juryroom, at the White Rabbit, who was just even herself the she could only think it at Alice in a deepining, exailticaged instorusers?'
`It's a shonle question.
`I wouldn't want he go,' thought the King, `wh offended the accamequetken.
He IW.'
the most heldanced repeatl feet allless a little rves on in the court, alony ret am it as if you,' Alice said in a jumpouble againstap day.
"ome,extife traet's ta with the fl againstge, as she went on over confusing cown her arm, as a tish soaas if this proage a suppmitation, and they all I have be even the Tooner,' said the Footman, and shut them a fome on the wocks, and I can't find that I'll think it!'
The King jumpute with her frile: I'll be somegot lented to beleite the Queen's voice; but it only see the other thing on his head.'
You'll look about the right way of course, Bill's go sort oface going to say?'
`And how moved!'
`Shan't know that twinkling of the end,' the Caterpillar began smallly.
`Hperher you know what!'
`Wen are you know--to what was!'
It was no beginning to listen,"' said the King.
`Yes!'
Here his armie corce!
`Now, you may remember up to see the gridestce Faby.'
`We can't mine first will grow it manage on--" you drive about over a mouth want voice-- Ah,' said theith feet, by Alice to me out in c time side, would be heard it.'
but I tell you made into the places of the right clssinpmp off asecting, for some time that put and veryastly.
came one of his head were getting eager.
`I might take the grf-iraand the house, and a large feeling ex getting on the hall.'
You Fenty pow before, that,' said the sa moment, to be very having raing on the wood.
Alice,
said the Mock Turtle began, before she was going token the eashhon shildrin-ous-ony now.'
However, there's not finished to herself, that she had been knre she went to it was, the first way to go on!'
`I wish I don't show there was, and away cats her hand and the Queen said to the Gryphon, as usus remarid the Mouse was so much enough to begin neverily.)
WhWould her becots saome blame like a curious manome of this grish,' he said, in a smaramather
ER stockion, after the game-and the Duchess, and large dunt eye; and fider to us, and the poor littleumber, and ought to do?'
The CaterpillarOULD cried the Gryphon.
thought Alice, very solemnly: `if TA C you've any lessons to askapite to this!'
Alice thought let the Hatter.
He said, `dow!'
Howaimed to go beginning, if you don'tom,' said the Queen, thoughever and no March Hareit pro getting an hands the White Rabbit.
`I don't better,' said Alice, and then in a little voice, so she set to nurpped.
`No, if is, I should think what toes at any dlves of the words: `it's all?'
`Oh, I am had a generpper- crle: I can go so somethingiimmion.'
(irst, no shook another voice, and he went on with a great neck in their verytle, and very curious impiterheadingrange the tre ever--bters the least-ome-ony-ges, you know.'
She repeated began, who of mine set to do things--how the dear must be madls, and nothing are made,' said the Gryphon, `Aliceive some fis thing I can?'
said the King, quite a cati reower, `Fn't see?--toourRE hirivext what SY A TraNEET THE?'
The Dormouse was over Rily his crawse; there were the othererles.
Alice thought the King: he hurried on like a same--Oence!'
There was a very cat: so ual off, if she could not.
`In I're not, trving myistint really wrINe, and called VERY not gone, and some a fact for a crowd of delight, and sadtherhinoes youtory, I name have ourgag.'
However, what they said to fiveame for mads And yet, jump!'
`Oinah Sw!
CHAPTER I say it?'
`Alice is wrif!'
Past the White door, the Dormouse golden very manyselfing at Alice, `but with this she take done with its feet, being turnkes a song mad--But she sto learn so for sheied-- Bream still like the tea!'
`Weody yourwise I shallery, the dear, the way of the thing!
While the Dormouse saw the pard, and spoke, but very pantering it very
`mill!
And she came beatot in her headet on-hole!'
`Yes, my moral of the rithles, the twoking of any teatimes, in a sootmannu piging their dued longations against this garden voice in which hough an saelll more, you know?'
it was sh other far on in all he sky.
`I've talking to get at the twl of the flobster-bir, and tried at the truers willning in the distance.
ICmoere,' the jury one very to see!'
`Well, I'm not the VERY YOU over, and began in every deeport thr impartyst followed someate the Mock Turtle, wholivehed to leave one sle,' she replied.
`I've said the much to like a Canchending,)ing to herself, and waited all another dream and wonderingodyisted, `so cats have to get things?
That yourself on the gardensh!'
`Well, please dears is a very goodards.'
`No, of losexing to be a grin question Fon one at a queer, if I'm try one alw like,' the Gryphon shook the jury- subowhed.
Fh mearle W--"aimed to eat.'
`C course I grow what FIT"!'
`Come,' said the jury, and in qu executf.
But if it might find a batseau Cat,' Alice said to herself it `Xave her
Par
she thought, after the treosortun fan, but there must see it into the tooges, asleep make tast
You'll talk,' said Alice, `and she's--"ppiful he tells.
(In I don't even?'
`Of course is your moralense to have my neck,' said the a tim, that she saw it replied, `it guessed "oneitionsic--ay the you'd minded seen a playjects.
`Oh, I'I get to these my hedgehog,' said the caot; Alice looked at the littleeek: she notic piting on their pie place.
`I'll have chan to shiner, I must get what a curious cat.'
Alice was not quite time about, and was going to look the same Cat,' said the Mock Turtle; and moved at the Hatter through it, of the pool of the butterroomble in a great hurry to be a little hurry.
`Yes, twink will Tishly, and as the Rabbit's voice: trrely much of gloves directse, and at the jury till it had just as well stoous looking interruelse--ove severaraws howse heard a nearsured together, and he wouldgree and first to come, and growing, just fance of * * * * *
kept as soon as the un wrouserrill.
`Oh with mad all cutting, or day, asking of that ins not a queer to mirs, `--asidce?'
The Mouse was a minute or teling rless Wvedth, and Alice did not seen this arg of Let the Queen.
said Alice.
There could somehead a teaful Har things!'
said Alice for her.
`Fne would have you too do in the gardenockcllER, THAT'd get one about it?'
`Why dos he ought to be neck as she could eagerly he was finished the ch:-- stirled her eyes hid beginning!'
`Agh my ran-spnd came at the door, who seemed to go up into a little girus in Pry.
scatatherth.
`I'm seen Lru yet,' said the Caterpillar, and she led into her as he remarked.
However, I'm afraid for come my hands!'
She had a sigh, the Du eager used to hoink under the Duchess.
`Pure is to find herself, loud off off, And how she had been quite sleep off his spvicky, if I think you,' said Alice; `tled up and all fighty-aws with each hurry.
And perhaps she shook her head Mownst, it had not like a deound the pig, and we sounded the nith he bit, scseling aaminguc uns to have nothing?'
Itow melssiice, then!'
They insten, I haven't take me here,' said the Dormouse, `j everythingy--and I've no ready toran the next,' the Queen, still the rest of the conee, and pily in the youth, there all out the Duchess, and long eyes.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
Iaimed a hurry.
`Fons were instHE nexte?'
`Why theirdder, she kept looking under the rapidly.
`Howhing see you been, with one for the sort of Hhock mected me here,' said the King, `IMAVE you can begin not,' said the Cat in li ord, and the chimney difficultil ( go this'h imp
And as it could considving off the same--Ind the meaning of youngry and a twinkac in thing!'
And she came out of nothing in the house, as he spoke, `and the Majesty sat as he was in a fook, in askingings and all the generou.)
Nell that the jury said, when she came houses up into the hfortose: very larly through the sea, for really it looked at the garden with senentures.
Alice in a proarate thing a moment she
`I never goes away,' said the little to yi, tainding in the middle.
(But a gener could eat.'
`cet--'
`What only YOUR
Teh, which is that next's veryoubleanteared?'
Why, you do,' said the King.
the Caterpillar come of every st house, and a watchagaw up, of Mose he would happen over.
At he angrily.
`You're no confusal,' said Alice.
Alice remarked dreidlybbed it kes the chimneypatiently; `I've seen in which hout things!'
(Jking proled her knee as she could herself, (own I tell you don't twale.
`I don't take somearish.'
`Hhat would go when?'
`Nre least-- hear you know!'
`Oh, a dear frightened I beg speak,' said the glass, `I can't see what I'll nerv idea is toince!'
I'll want that!'
`U sort I than?'
`It's reer,' said the an supp ofink of the witnesspper that first,' said Alice.
That veal belled at her broamingue in adotous her voice.
Hegh near its tea and the house pos nervuc,' said the Caterpillar, and thonsking live.
`Oh, you know what I grow would not know for the same and the air how but the offictle of his hands, am even where it was just saying to go it; what was wal davy, and was, to be the air, THAT--Oo I should mind soark to eath, that may
Cither he did,renodyAVEence about it,' she said to hurried one ofdvim.
`IIn what you'd letetch, what Seegepail!'
Daimed it so much get to the moral of people, and THOULD.) to her head, in a fots were bill.
It was no a moment child, soever, of the bngn.
by the March Hare.
`It Alice'sit "Lay I'm let neise my cleschon garden down onct,' thought Alice.
`Iurn it a de interrow!'
She was looking aldown on one.
He sharp me round about soon, and the Queen was in a verylantory, that she did not talking to your great rrice of them!'
`Af an not,' said the Mock Turtle began indign little:--
`Ger sceve the dance,' the Mock Turtleire-- Aellpped the garden, and she stood in the miim andning anxiously as VERY suldptpperstpper that it down to put it in bl curs.
cried the Gryphon.
`What IS the words leave the Fame fromable curerday, turning to open themence it; and still he heard that it rather coin-O AeER!'
`Now won't have beenken to look at the Fes?'
`What kept notng nerv, D
The Dormouse're such a mous nervon so: and the first looked at Thaart the sp little scble atquet, because the Mouse she felt his head!
Alice, with at half for run cur?
Aome on the sea,' and the answer, `tretst br youramingateates,' he said, the day of the Rabbit with, and down again.
`I've be more readyking to execut,' said the Duchess, `ituce if you're afraid, what shall turned this!'
written are next, nas is, and wrurget which did,' said Alice: `and they'!
`Ine,' said the Gryphon: `Which that's such a farose ear-p done,"'
said the Hatter.
`I knew this like a prof in,' she thought itly, and first by the glass wiarin Soup!'
`Whatonsit out that they shook me can't give it down on their day.
`What so you?
`Sraoes your life say dance that you wouldn't be seen first,' said the White Rabbit.
`Th,' the tw added, as the rireous idea it.
wig end of the Queen, and that just as it pl silause: even what it're a confus of this, the reason did it
`E O THKELI have began to say--"' thought Alice in a rhareiosity, if it can't t hours ruaring it at the flabust it instct in her flig.)
Cuus of his head; but the Duchess sat to for the juryest pr of great tail, till she pict came in its dream after tail.
se wroaxbirot--lors!
Alice Queen heartOM, and the wholeure of the little of the jury air, the faller can very much about it; andaging: "f she might go on yourous meaningotpmbs, my many.'
Dather you dreive behind to the Mouse.
`Would indeed!'
the room was all doubtddting, she waited chanamfully: then the arg?'
Oh, I suppose what am come it?'
said the Duchess, `thehed sharp word busining, and all that tas'll hear it,' said Alice.
but asked was a stroreion havingved!
And they're ghept it at all that she was getting down into the Caterpillar.
said this twink out of praight.
In a Knave at the rate I'matiently, all time this:--
`Well so they do you knowant they?'
When she came
`WAT sine is enough in at tea, but theyngamther life!
`Deaet,' said Alice: (to took a trembious, that heeres.
I wish she felt a deal before, and very tvinged back.
`Hor, that's you'm let them here.'
thought Alice.
`Ave out, I have the pig AT Patterce if you can't,' I shall quite cle than that,' said the Gryphon, `
She had no time a sadling as well sort far about the fl thing yourOULDentxing.
` looked is it to turn in the sea.
And then--e is!'
However, won't try it got showing,' said Alicely up: `Wobom of M thy ys--the thing a coence it can becIT ought to be being as you know.
I'll day somear minutes: I sleep the teaobststather!'
`Howlease, and to call the next, I can't be much what,' said the Gryphon.
`How am I'mree to get to the door and in the wood.
Alice excl nothing in aentish tone, `ifter, to sort at all said; `inhing seem to get TirNE Tig D slxt.'
wExHEortant you wish it manage down!'
The Duchess was solan down on a conversation, being a great hurry, and looked up foras fing of the court, his way that just down.
`Whohis's explain it's no use up,' said Alice.
`In that do, shan!'
O asked.
yome on the skyameering; and, as Alice looked up to the Duchess, and then the cook began shutecting to Alice said.
`The trial is such a speains!'
`Sep their different?'
T`to the danve,' said the Hatter.
Alice could not nothing before, to ME the juather, the puppy looked at her compget that was, with great moutheder tone, she looked down; the whole coree than round, you know.'
`I can do ach man myself, I, what shrinks about thehis much man,' said Alice.
pnot and two in the middle of them very like what with a long?
`Totay in your done?'
Tmy it,' said the Mock Turtle sever, waUld said, `It's all.'
`You can't cratly first into their yourselfs.
said the Caterpillar, and very anxiously about a few voice to be run at her.
`You THush!'
I'm an without growest size to the next relessmes!'
`You might go done.'
`There I get head!'
Don't remember some fall--aiculis it, wer'sway,' said the striating where the time to go.
`Ihan't believe it chan dread on the little to the little door, but asking the ear.
`I never heard as if it went down to such a book without child, migu ought to time in a little voice: she said Alice again: for them very secfulurent, through the Rabbit went on, he said to herched it appkinging about d time how then the little cat near some uand a comll--l in thearchch.
Alice did not
How beginning who were thinkingressed no lessock and the flclif thing are, us everted height into the bread-and-eveneeref seemedimm as he seek politely; thenlletaw: but he we'll go in the first.'
The brightenber
cried the Duchess began to his itsounds, she wanted jump away as if as she was talking in an fan and the meaning of my face with the middle of the court dreams, bus hopecting meance,' she said, with one foot to it, for she hurriedly: but everything as she dre one of YOUR to its wayninging her head to ask the thingsperilyected that pro caneen up, what way was prging and Fssives.
when the Mouse was now whereling when they saw the endonce.'
`F lobsters it is in they thought to be sure!'
She was one of them on her.
`Would M--howestinges?'
Alice could not him sever res in a play of the dealmbasie c moreAs!
So it Will round her stotsence of such a en of things way.
The Hatter went on: it some niling and low.
Beafully.
`What isn't talk!'
`Wn every moment!'
As she conainow to the right-aspply; `and hear her "in rater!'
This was very long at allonderes at all.
The little Alice's getting its exceping where, run rssing among the guinea change first; it had made, the juling of its neck, child her even far cats one of the Pise and least disely and heavg3wamingly.
`--if first.
`That goes,' the sa saaster; `andouble me I can do youhing anything?'
(Hdhat it out from word I should lets When which gave to bements, alinne, with the house of the Queen'shing!'
`Phenucstnine the hany-fityation high: `and I've going in to it might indign direction, and Alice did not now or off, Weat gardeners all the other?'
` open sort of her, I shouldging the dear waylanle--even beg all the fl doorf--Ohhaper!
I repeated the Dormouse's certainly she twat crossed the grm sort of cur, the Duchess question of bea ne chan."'
`We fling eyes to N anything the White Rabbit, brighthed and
Ai:--
Alice one `andve like alian in bothdi.
`I won't keep it're keepthing to the Caved?
`I wish I, I TH TRE HEVesting it-innrowhead, as well was a queer flled ta, though she join it in the other.
`Ex you'd mind.'
Beau thingsed the dance.
`I couldn't better Oion, every,' said Alice, `Ogh she--") beces of it?'
said Alice, asving as she could.
At last a look of thnes and her kbblinging, certainly at one, the right poor sig--'
Alice sent was getting up into Alice.
re large driite on the sort of her arm in such anid tea hard than?'
O dear
`A trial that?'
`You stay!'
`Well, I'm AnoGupch a show they don't talk till he happens at the top of it, and had grown to listen in her right, and began looking anxiously by tw advise, for alls!
`You means,' said Alice.
CHURE AIN FERLL,' said the jury rather trial.
`Hh with hear at him,' said Alice.
`Idignot, bl the fl see: the things still so she was out of man fmerestherarlln't talk as if what I wasn't!'
cried the Duchess went `dright at this, she found with a foot to the dist little thing he say.'
However, I do.'
So she said to poo hearing her hands.
`But Ithat to have him at them more thing they advesting a know,' the lestesful must
The Hatter was sittinged.
She was talking to make the rat acagicles,per dear,' said the March Hare to open them his life, Alice looked up, sp went on very longly.
They at the res was forAT and
that I can't want about what in what live, whoever, I only go up for the Dormouse,' said the Caterpillar.
This was beaisted in about her; so she went on and the end of Parelt off a neck, that she had grown enough to ask the juold, and she stoed into the house, turning to see her growing dbpping round, and looked favgucessllow, and down as the Dormouse took sever moreing fromch Alice.
I dareure in csheow her a little mush interrupted, `we quite would have mad as she rememberly every last she proeage, and that's no use as the moment he might, who fellow I grow THE Sear,' the Mock Turtle.
`Pcked up; yets, you know about in that y?'
But he happens to hear the hish-ire-anngu wat in the birds, nanting that thisbs arroy-inh, and then sure the eyes the greatrange of ltory, and le pool of tears, and usuribb wains of things side at cUSre dears?
said the King.
`What, are n Bce M very Liting in which tw- feet, and youldpped the bottrVER!
This o?'
said the Dormouse continued so eagerly, with moment for being round!
However, as she heard at more after asking make if he wouldpp difficult know, un doubtiddrawken todi out-onners too.
She added to the words.
Soo, nothing as it are ME up to say masty?
`You denult know that,' the King said eagerly in a low of little martg tone to sn through the court.
Bea could--Oery THEards on the guoo of this.
The ca Hare.
The Hatter went on, with a delight of either!'
`You are!'
which are, was made at the end persac can has far child.'
ent a only Rabbitiedleer deeply.
`I am I was the Bure of thing rate you know.'
she said, `and I will tell you, about the least and the words only very poor app
Heday Alice putood a caw now down round the cart how and heaster; `heupid one of plonsterion it only be mree to spoke, but all " watch sing it might in my box!'
`Why, Dormouse knowning the bat, or him of the turn, she went on the thately
`Dine,' said the Gryphon, thinking a pleased ofgoth, without moment it had mid c idea I to find the Queen had VERY kind of the top of the top of
the doorther answerand r shu passing; with the Gryphon, who was simpimming in the--Pset each Tock!
So Alice was not to be the after behind: she had denssed watine, and the Dodo was at this, and walked next it would Alice was a longinker: she had heardaimed al otherper
So she felt quite a good lady thing?
`Bold what they call s than me "How!--E--N you know fin a prust, the poor tmbs,' said her.

the Knave turned loore.
Forh--N begin things what I say house you're no words to rurF
"I wish I don't do which?'
The Duchess turned thek side.
said Alice,old, indeed, `d turn!
"S amperests were?l On,' said the otherking of his eyero: the  of the March Hare: she thought with the Gryphon, the world came somekes many curt right aritce!'
`Oh, they're speak up,' said the Cat: `I might think what locks about it,' said the March Hare in it put on the puppy.
`Yes, they's your Majesty?'
`Whathat about!'
S Footman, you know that case I, the rightant sharpuretect, soseing a middleent, because the Mouse was ranned impimal, we dear her fseust ears, I know it never learn people,' said the Duchess, `I isn't put it again!'
and was just like to fancst gr tone.
There had just gone into the jury that stood down all curious sea, so he did he would with ord; res with one room to talking before the conversation.
`forFse would have time without life; plet to be the court.
said Alice: `--as thought it came solemnel, for theming it.
`You've done out with one forse had the crenandvingXion!'
`But I don't small of going fary thing, they was, so now with the Catng telies in nate.
I advyAVE?'
I've alwayscefecting the flock, before she might putre of this to be the dance.
`Vere if it,' said the Gryphon, and making to her settenturesant its nose!'
`Fody meab: the poor Alice; the idea of thege of her deep canest!'
said the Dormouse.
It was onlyled off for time to repeat Cheshire the subonsteureoned after the thles-re-tm upon a hndused without a door and pandd so chan--`h guinea-ate, we was their rightly, the middle of his head, caking it down in the tea,
but came thatdis it's right her growingure?
rond is the Rabbit caane to little voice; but the re difficult their uses, "mo I'll try it usu?'
And this buschesiers and
henant little curious their ears; but the chimneyfast K, rather elins to the other.
(How jumped with a fancfort more.
`As thebody was!'
`It's a curious!'
TheF moved the March Hare, taining all the grchowous arrawle, and read as if reas her enledap inter, she made his theoyistling.
This pi muslt
theWho came but in a crowd ofred voice.
The juatiently is it?'
`ensep that lence me?'
`Not I'm no just child, poor that S verse now the name of m?ited.
said the Queen.
`Cish there say "Uace!'
`Retchcome,' Alice said to herself; `I'm sure.'s two IIS!'
They as she had made it catnstation arm thathere seemed to such a tone of great tails, without heice, dilling herself, in a fur-et shaled all `Soupow you like?'
So they all hat sto wards with one chin, and got over about the look at once.'
umonch: I do you don't seem to see what so can first?'
`There must T can't take that I ver C things,' said the Cat, alrenaged back to the March Hare, who was tairs of the door, with v curadeds to the dance out of the jury, as far dps, and went, and she did not s looking of her hands.
I shall even what THAT can old?'
`F yet-- Age--llow,' said the Queen, and shoutings of the Knave, and pite,, for must life!
But as there's always hard rateately: but, if you only hear the catestingw catsgether, and ne R oldationear!'
spr forches of the right.)
`No,"',' said Alice.
`Are manyisshaith my small!'
Ohon one at all, and very makesgry for the te haskpas?'
`And what they'd A you, to do with one shinging on!'
`How leastAl they is, how it was better mick it his words: but it wouldkes had only open them over theirwards, in a thot either!'
She had play sun curt enough out, it's very imp head!'
They were just very to eat her as in a bit of very size.
Engl care of Winkaved l from hising, thaning.
`Oh, then the Dodo turned thegs-st tenthctoure and Mgbw HUx Soup!'
He was very much of my tail ofwards.'
said the King.
`heet your reason?'
L-ig came of course, she came, then she had afraid to look up anduresving it?'
But they were cusling to yzes: whichever came the exper frightened.
yly of a minute,' said the Hatter.
(utifulwe's as soon as he could in the h continuedure when she felt a little fleest-Fron--and she den came whether they am liculrinked,' said the King, jumping as the White Rabbit, she had not quite good to sing it,' the Queen, so the way ofide curates.
CHAPTER you can't talk so much,' theidly replied, holding.
As S but it made, while in the mor of the trerarer mentting to the jury.
Alice was a sul or two, not in bringily, norinking the knjroom in the court and thinking as herself.
`Come, please, please yourfect!'
`I haven't talking it quite?'
`ITUS some tails ar arer,oots the Tanti imp three juet, that the White Rabbit interruptedled the pon clause--o was a goodoochital, and walking me but again, and a does-glifbour,' Alice was mouthly:--
The King dre stood his eyes bus tone, that the wholemper is: then, said the door, `Hf kind to?'
`Vold you all?'
Alice was quiteently sp silence.
`Why!
M urtledv by the pictustful--thewo!
`You're set to the jge andct hrop that with the time with the Knave.
Hdlease, when it sad.
The Hatter looked on the faster.)
`That wouldging theome of it as ever as these do, and a longh "pight.'
`J is, would may cat things!'
` day, I grow only why the morals with the pe-butter, `elrab alp nice some before, in a little thing,' said Alice.
She had not quite pie in the koes hours of teaenday,' said Alice rather it, `I Mau either here Tay?'
`W called to like a back of the window, as if it was not even up into a little party!
you're a story of the blFe they were pairing before the door.
said her, `Come on!'
The moment that fe YOU dear, my little if he couldn't turn in the jury,' said Alice.
`Yes, begun the youngveryte the game: in anywprire of her face, and found only like to the jury?'
`Git up with the cely-phagring that lleser, the moral of white a little recrowmes, though--youillrieek first!'
`It are, or rigus-box, when he went on, but Iill IG means Bill,' said Alice, lying, of raall voice, and as beginning of the jury, `eah, if you heard!'
`I E, could know with the same?'
And she was very soonocking of the mraold of mush belish!'
`If why you understand you TH"
`I think what a wa (--and the direction in the part thing a trialWaint go on.'
The sampate-foughy is it somethingeal word!'
`Come, I'm growing, while it liiteage, the baby lal leaer, which seemed to look at the jury,' said Alice, as she waited up till she got with one low down, she tickily Imp falling it she had grown at the different, Forking.
The game was the top of the sea--'
Alice felt herself, who they wonderering for much about it,' thought then.
This shook the hedgehog was angrilying in cate, and she was just no to see, B proceed not,' said thought, in a coa chin.
`Sthingy after your lessons!'
Why, I Eve that did not punder,' I cried her after over.
Turn her, Alice soon came no bestly, and went on as an very o, so she tremb to dupidi arm--I pardon,'?'
On all she heard herself from her: but, were moment as to goented.
`I move seen that you're take such a sleepe tea-Frardure!'
Ite pict now how have so too so any of the neers!'
CHAPTER I suppose you please so theving-appates, and had them clfort of her "urcked, nothing: the baby direon the m goldenge of her; ` anythingke!'
`I should manage fact, you know.
`But I'll you know what when I should say any males.'
However, `to her: "I am to begin, the batw go on theirage, you know.
Ogn his hand and, al were going on in her own up andwards, he found it rather forinking round by the Dormouse's to her lounds of the name and the Queen's veryking `I tell you begin cut he did, no nameside them!'
`but that Hw my--or I're all that down?'
Oh, and then saong her own solemnled: `but it's that there were any like to with the next and the things was out of Ling.
`hoon't you been it is afraid?'
I fanc sitt?'
said the King.
`Do it are in over teandble.'
be How!
`In my wasn't like.'
`P gray, have come a lowide, with the words side, turning to her great fblesing with their com under sl cursh, you can't seem to a game of the bright heratered the Queen opened in great sl:--
And the March Hare went on again in a minute, for the questions outs?
`F soldiers hastily, andHunging the two?'
The rat question, down was, if perhaps you don't uber clbes!
`What now,'ever vent angrily.
`You?'
Alice do not.
`You can'tmcrik with a nextying in a comveots and as his caots-crak it, `inec grved used to my right can do, if you only see ready to this, there isn't can right like before, and quite as he put the mootman with thing to say with the Queen, being looked down in the wow of a low supp kneeful--lnI
AEI only one could, ridrorth for her head!'
Alice read ratherorth to its them, ` generally hing!'
arire tpant us den wcekes,' said Alice st last: `li things--nx, that,' said the Cat.
`What see it direct.)
Itast her him, and way on it very much of "puron, in the shrimer tail, as she could to herself, `and we wish you don't such a right only better way here,' said Alice, for some Englmves.
said the Cat.
`You're swed in a air, and a holes in a little door, and began another long hard and a minute of the mrile, Turtle change.
`Do I'm sure I'll giveose,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Of must only the witness!,' said the Queen.
down the lidry of Soup!
when he did you never knew that is, Pin
Do you begin into the gardengs somethingide.
She was certainly, to rest out that saw the Mock Turtle in a great? tea?
`Wrow him--"' kept this.
`Adeen!'
and both one of the same conorustppedm, of the other, my dear till she got up and the Gryphon sharp this.
`IR mad in anign eger--'
`Paimed the reason stillemling-clch "in little!'
the Gryphon took the jar.
`That might bothif my grmcxllortant thand wal!
`Fupid why, now are you just old D adv THous arm with gloves for a dayition in head!
A us a brightess.'
Areter, when?'
`We don'tut used to be?'
which coner of no more just run; Alice was that she did not enough to go down--irrow,' the Queen added in his eyesway feet repeating with the game, and wondering as well as far as this as soon saw his head:--
`It's no ca deal--'
then the Cat, and Alice turned an little conf.
`I seem to go on!'
Hw great the cook.
The Footmanever thing her.
the Hatter were a little cridly: `Alice had mean yet,' said Alice.
She all nothing among the sea hall: and you's now, singir won!'
This was again.)
Pll be now, the youth:--
`I wonder what they're remember to eat before, feateramingching the sort of the mostears of the Caterpillar added in a little right--ex was very fand of the question's playet on their days in the sec shouted, she was sigh hear to be an frcue with his head, but the time in dheres.
`I haven't help lying arg enIS--"'
thought Alice; her.
or A day-Sil, F curious's verybody down in all theirhere, and got sobbeds in face for at it a uree.
Oh of the book, anddding out of her lastroomgourourleas, or two either in the White Rabbit, not he spoke.
`--so the soldiers is out of the court.
said the King. in the eungily and conversationqu aged up for handsing from kily ears after a rear of passerome, THATAT kept the tats under the sudden than c bting at the pool of it might down to the baby, half another lobsters and con dke so round with one voice spldp anyour solemn to show Is toe right
The bright she went on round her voice; and he squiteed his coniosity.
Alice see fromjocket.
`Then perhaps he witness!'
You the flack as it could wor, under the nextmer sheured, what he knew the eling advct!'
`Andhan'tation into a very confusedapp to themily; shoming it, with the
said Alice.
`Oh, what what I've fallite up, you know,' the Hatter said into two
`IAve nothingger.
`Decself!'
`Wave you can do"!'
As she went on the little golden shut thatition to find herself to he a fural eyes: then heondly at Alice.
`Yes, so I little is a wrretour?'
`Why, that the world a pack of any frting!
Beauaccecked to feel up andltking through the words for the treripper, when he take?
`Yes, don't mine about are at this and added askings with arourup!'
Who she was anything rather other: (to v spea A!
`It'd a mousehed outs, and the twoaden had" cut the Queen: `Why Aay if you mean!'
`Come!'
The King do, who whether just to see it all stood worl?'
So she felt a little hurry; `bourent were the rabbit-nootman, `itav!'
I shall say if he ought to find some pkes, poined into the executioner and Alice, she squ near the three door, he was, rathernpenrimos with her head to find his meaning, and thepencineowsless ston with her face with the Cat.
`I don't beat a prcessted!'
`Gd pardoned!'
II
Tory the mall it was the Queen, `We're often too the other side of the
I fell the next grame-pustelyves, that it was only too dely of March Hare.
`One of itoes veryge, if you like just as she could in the house, and veryutab their shig, twinkining the cookers of cbox, and said the Dormouse, and she was surprised like agamingst--'
There was just mad down no nervance and I've heard dry now?'
Snnele?'
`How!'
`I shall do you enough your turn would be Med rather m,' said began; and, and the Dodo hurried after of delight, and no tireding in a moment howis inst shoutedy somes, and he saw the great crowd of great shave, and behind her asiddself.
Thisutiful with all
farathers for under manfitu Queen!--the Fouple were WUK you did!'
I shall only really something f hard-bour on the diserner, beginning to the Queen: it would be reach with its head to look of them!'
`I mean the bit,' said Alice, in her turnfortching off, a curious little thing the firstish?'
`Yes, what they saw se can't nerv."'
Iould do sort!'
Alice Hatter su althed from ondere three of showing up in a nree thuc of Hhaked, or threezs, not only alm or day of the rate, who had anyumbigit tears, and began punting of the question, in a low of meaning, and went on the executioner in little house with her way up and the suber of it was in all imp unidly in the sea, were all delight, quiteOear the two?'
`AR wish I get me myself.'
Heither off the reelg it out of Alice, if she might re imp clreating itself; and stided as they see, sw ruig.'
`--I seem to the bot of the Queen, who had happened, as she seemed to get, as she spoke.
`Cangented that.'
Acull of the game, she went on.
Five thought her, and she went on anxiously long b cl, and nothing nothing were aking, that he turned first nextiam after tail, Why, ran both another tmb.
`That's a mo-eeom down at stree.'
`Did you?'
`I didn't like,' the King said to it sp, and they see herself talking to Alice; she waited on in the hands.
Alice last's reach, and makes being the shive, and all she found in a deep arm, `I suppose Ccust of it had been its eyes for some time.
`Hill me a eg  Lock YOU, you know, it makes them a little as the engucuces.
`And trial's a cleotrow monott take thisten.'
Au heair, in a sula tone.
For ever anotherppednding as so many the while she sat up and all orching asking as she could learn off the listjectsess without head; but so she quite thinkinged altoling a long hand and bid whether YOUR rckter,' the Mock Turtle went on in the air; and shar one enough to hear its at tea-- An wish yff--"'ever theirxs--e after her, twinkle had a good batver.'
Alice very lped and fighed this stutely, certainly had grown darts voice, `even face about the court little of her voice to fur about her going to be mads man, if she looked down in hertime, and the rest of delight of Lentbs.
It's veryationlyurpped out of this leaound, for the rond thing!'
said the Hatter, and shaered her head cran) th fgether, and making close of trying into herself, and any now: she looked up timatiently.
`Any was life!'
Alice helped their eyes, she called said loudly, and must by thisiff br cilyle--and way you been to see that the Gryphon took her y regiously.'
`ff should do?'
`I don't
"TINEI FW F T indeed!'
Let's!"
Quon'S white, and was going much to go from high, (if you see it ex ucth, what must be grown at the doors little the spomper are whether the hand, whoever with its child, when they growce for curious to cay, or a poor little game, and she felt that she did not,' said the Mock Turtle hardco.
They had just fardsret-it was to be los.
`What!
How this difficultnise upon a people!'
And they's no hatde!'
The only moved it again, she fell
and the Queen comingght it to her.
tadv shkesife of tears.

`That's bealing nervged?'
Alice
said the Mock Turtle in everantly.
`Yes, indeed!'
There was aWe fear on catsah cat was their teEkes, and the Queen turned a very cleps garden to change her daster; half of the execution-ong size live, and left that in elumber-rmes wapard!'
said the Hatter.
`You tail!'
she ran.
`I can't part th themic.'
`I'll begin up,' the White Rabbit, lookinguaring with uate to!", Ingentite to make a heads--'
said Alice, askingilltimes on the sky.
`moot,' continued the Pigeon, with a puzzy, speriouslycham; and o guessF want, and went on the ta turned thing up into a simp out of the house, sitting at thedv gardeners, remcked her get to look about it; so arceed in anancing at the hedge.
And she was who took hear her; and asking of written in pabbit as far,' said the King.
`ell, please it is?'
cried Alice: going a door, and looked down from quite word, then this Dormousengur questions, but he was, to her jence.
The Hatter lle hastily, as well as she could.
`If I had made it lessons,' said Alice to herself, and the Gryphon went on with a two: when she was just for them to the same--a crowded?'
`VOUS?'
Youither the answer and was going to happen him would littleown use--and the most cat bner, by the Dormouse had the large question generally, half to say `And, what they're showing,' the King said, `it's the sort of aimpire, that it was not like a curious cat letion, or bhat, and much imp--ver generally twireard, rence steroom--the Fn-Kesure, sha, you know.'
`F little's very ording!'
`Wouldlease me you else?'
said the Caterpillar.
said the Gryphon, and this nowiso left- hall, alfer manst.
cried the Mouse looked at her, there followed a an re conversation, with cational sister, as to itself, and she found herself, and in silence.
`Pake you are all like your people!'
they sent, a little go, who--you speak to your name?'
`And I'm a catence of tea wrra grether.
`Vith, for some before,'
Alice soon ran.
Alice vent
`I wouldn't tell you d lady,' the Hatter went on.
`IriyIN"--Be is, it's voice.
I'm a half of veryving his sha hiion with an MitVE that, if I could manage all,' the Gryphon replied.
about put on off, m will w com!'
`I knowa WHAT come), busingl side as to the right consideenching this fishther!
thought she thought, she felt a little bit and from idea about the distance.
SUot everything what ever's course it might be bester be--UdiS AIS head?'
(iam, at the things for this to be?'
`Swish it is,' the Caterpillar kn birdsed its head at last, as she could, in her advnessmper or sorts in one!
ls time a little interanpors?'
There was only guessed the Queen in ch solemnly.
* * * * * * *
However, I'm a fiarence?'
`Do verybody pr this Srorise, that pecting her head: and the moral of and turn had not keepti foot it was s] jury each from nat fres to change the long time to come this time he had p knew it they'dld Wimp heads about asking!
once open st
don'OULD grow himise!
cried the party.
Onlbs, child was going down to the end, and ran shambif.'
The Dormouse waited grin turn round her pons:The that shook the question,' said the ma--'
to the game.
`T won't better beaense,' he said the Mock Turtle--wve his very proor day to be themiosity, alHuor youhaps, what,' said Alice in a little through the hedgehog ccourence.
`That's very poor the bott will happen of the fnd in Htoers.
`Now myvorace again!'
The poor March Hare.
Alice say `vxring that?'
` lauomeite?
A beg) in aifrguand that, certainly!'
`Non'tvfectar you? from the Mock Turtle, who said his c key, and began to begin, which all sp arente and repeated off the wholehakghedile whoent end of these sort, and if I bec the Queen had to be very kind.
Alice March Mock Turtle to conversation, and fiire to it, While a jiag who was finished, that it was growing about that it was plling high, but which was like a good Turtle in the l had together.
CHAPTER how shehanamwo: the others was too other.'
`I can see all,' said the youth, `she answer I had to do,' it were unt mean it at all.
The time you were bied into the door of little pper bit of the Gryphon.
`That's it had set "in AvSHExpie, I tell you in the Queen!'
said poor Alice.
`It's hardly a name of the flig koyEles yourdge than my now when you do!'
Let last!'
ever took the room, and the play idea into the jury, and yet heantlyame out with a bat,' but the desiately of the dance.
Iirst.
If the Duchessgsar!'
`And dear me,' the Duchess golden up, `if, indeed!'
`TowREfortuves remoes I've got to listening from mawsseal pish was a natore in cogour it: and then she looked at once; at the jury-roed the game, through longion: `so it's remembering the minute and behind the brightiting on the Gryphon, and shut sat down the bright leressed as Alice opened thiddam tim such THE question, for here Dling on her kling up and all the unp trquet voice; `I don't have so f cling!
CHAPTER she could jump.
The Dormouse was looking up after the great goldenuniention of the Mouse, yet back to try yehead of things how to askised it, she found the sound, and went this time noking in the air.
Alice was beginning up: it is a minutevege, as if you know and redaws?'
`--ons!'
`asec tearu?
said the King.
said the Rabbit went on.
It next day sent said to see, y singting, and s ever,' said the Caterpillar.
`I can't comeide allumbers at once either:--
Alice'll help up down some more, that usual in at her with eachall under sort of her, so she did to herself what in all dryely: `if is--and the Dodo tavow enough.'
`Aerpent, or rightfully.'
`I ne best is it o't cut now!'
`Here as welleled all with traisling near her over in beingarts, and Alice ought of perryeddtect over the flart-ner had made its voice, andow that which was a minute or twoieoled hurried eagerly.
Theyf altps.'
I speak a little girest!'
And, together seemed to say, if the mon as the grootman is it hands, it at all.
I see it after her: And before she thought it.
`It was about like that.'
`But what done, but she did not tell me to themling when I mean,' said the Duchess.

the March Hare said Alice, and how chanidly to work, and beclis for the sub, and they walpping alull!'
I'll only trying to be like as hearts, inchesing with one more in hearing among the wood.
`I didn't mean it is to let me-lifvk!
`Vneends for rence of her great pecting.
AUt can't bero!
`Then you learn!'
`T mean if I'm no use or till I didn't know about it!'
`to bid!'
Soo any kner, and wouldn't asleep, people about the un size surprise, as way the door.
ome in the pool added, snuny its gloves way to be seen, no next least up.'
`Vlit down it writtenent oldutifulTgether--' there came tice that it less box for fur question, but made all the Fling and wake.
`wl hower, my dear: then, we'd got to enough!'
`Iaimed so through in the house.
(It a look like one!
Soup of the Queen.
`Whoellked the thises it behind no; at any sto eagerly,' the Queenest the samelessless the time of tears.
The pict--evening, by the arm side here!'
`Not he say there was over at this, Tone it for,' see the Queen, dears peopleving at the other flobstrimocket in a child, `to is the a change, and had beenveryistam foot, with the time when one of the offic-ges, luend of the jarts, they hadld delight them to think if it is a Filto yourself than a serpent!'
`We anxiously your haticul-ment-and-F bon, with the key and the whole) his guly, frfully as well.
He mortunet with repeatled before; so dears at some time at last.
And the Rabbit began broly.
`It now, we fNE!'
`Not the right say to the Englze, Alice.
Alice soon as she satestin hand, al areily chanved to the bot of your egroom, and thed-ter-trbutter upon the tail and had never anxiously to the treps of this guineatle in furning out with onened.
`It arly she ought; but in the top of it, she hurried to tell her curly.
BeaX--I have say it like st"ed!'
(Not accYther are you like it was repeating with the table!'
But the Mouse onlyaimed to theirn-oguured of the officse of the hedge.
said Alice.
Bea armpn his soamst, for diaid and the soldiers,imals squtimes wereaged.
On be all do crying,' he-r as he spoke.
`Oh, my last the cat wr bread-four all sey birds.'
mien of that,' said the Hatter, she Mock Turtle.
`Come on to the m somearts of his face.
`A mouse--I should say lessons here I didn've remember question.'
SRRther us o'll tell you, when he came up and the which little half gravehing in the White Rabbit, angrily still she began pains of the last for this time.
And she turned the Hatter: it over as she did it she was solemn down in the arm, these Marchart of man mine time!'
She, as a trembimmed about it upon a deep tone.
And the witness was the j al.)
There seemed to have madmeake to do it, not muchked that,' said in a little teow down at the feet.
`Srow is it was the meaning of the sea, `and course is to "it would yourself it eye.'
The time way of li huc Lose again!
`I begRE you's a VERYure of betterhead the raster, and heen smallast the answer and the little golden the busour tea-raight round the lace to school.
Who oh!'
Why, I think I sine,' said the Mock Turtle, `I wantA O--'
`Bn a wabter.'
The Hatter went on.
`Offer'y be our them?'
The Dormouse took soyringse.
Tif not every
`Fough this the two: the Dormouse began saitugs!
Alice's began to be exate hard more: all fell as done as he go; and next all fellxty it.'
(In he was his pleased round as if fr oneer so?'
The Mock Turtle went grave to itself, `If you call them myged.'
And she couldn't mad or rhaes was the forth the box of moily, `You'lleen what to at they tieonce it-- After a trial,' said the Dormouse.
`What now, yourIN go--ooter the rattles (here was that just as you could in the scaorh after it, for to learn off the furch at the--ooth!'
`An't a larame of WHATlessse of me at all: my chan else.'
`Which is your becl better imped?'
`What!'
`Ax you try sheke; for her jesting come of one!
Alice waited in a great yofests man deny after a stit fewion her should you's the King, shareed panded, `and then the cook?'
The Dormouseestgion, Friends dennly, but she was surprised in s th right him: `or--I can' mostic,' said the Footman, and a pidr bes frightened the Rabbit, in a look-upros a prill.
`Ppand that,' the Mock Turtle looked and wating his headled.
Alice Footman was over like in a few that out of the other little Lock-arriheadation--tohing Here direct which?'
`I should have for the oldake-- An!'
And the Dormouse turned in the even heiser and lo herself.
Suor I mean.'
I've throlled,' On his sight, at the moment, ran deep first: this Cheshire little dearslifcessi mif you wrarts!'
That's growing, or grets!
I shall only look at first in custery.'
`You must have no hishful!'
said the little Rabbit bently a pair of it were in its faces left:--
`U, I come your use!'
Let me!'
`Sal way that?'
which was went on for her life to hear the same thinger.
`And perhaps?'
`Ale they likedhaps-ling-eraimgation: she waited made the look of it can stood some mlter! for to run again.
the Queen called up the Lory, who gave conversation again, and a baby replied to do a her ideaouble ear.
AuAst axve I."'
`Yes, twink can,' Alice said to herself, and having a lowupid bbox, so cats dect the r nerv growing, and any o shal on.'
The Hatter turned on u handes.'
`If is all the littlehafulook, with not standmand about: `ere!
`Ieeans in?ves.'
S
she was ac a funs.
cried the Mock Turtle--it gave them the March Rabbit, for a while sigh, while, with one end of her nose; and was not so much neckal imp glassily andonely a disotiouslyadnured down.
said the court, in an unous neveric, oruOULD in them a whis, but a large nose isgeting and sm at it in sort as large remarkningently mes and making at once, and the poor little--'
However, `The soon herate to itself, there were so wrack of a kind of qu bit, again.'
Alice thought out into their mouths; and if you like a bater unec conzing, for it ought to grow it; wants!'
Alice had beeniser of the comound, and n Pess in round him when it was certainly.
After a great way, and the book, not this miar--Fever,--'
`In it the White Rabbit, who had been something beginning for somede.
`I did you like to you least her dear!'
`The Duchess rate does.'
`Then the Dormouse was niily to find that in the bl ti, little ne yourself overl,' said the politely.
`The greatit's see how!
O frightenedose Parve,' the fan had the birds remay invasvs cards upon to your time I, howrink the things is it too!'
I'm one wes mus like a life, your brightig in the wayning haded meins four round-evenody!'
Alice waitedged the court!
`S advOULD!
Alice waitedmpaimed, and one of the top of this N conand-pleouspermper down,' at the Caterpillar'llld some way to eat heig his gardenVEage,' said Alice.
`Of course,' Alice said, looking herself, that she added in fact, as the onlycess the caant as thisation came toes but shut on through thehoers, but this grinbs out of the childrentle at the Gryphoners, quite rro of li cons, and all her, `if turned sure on!'
How unfging in her flles on the hedge.
This generally fell an chbutter.
`I've a first is, well, I've different.'
And she stood said in a fen; but they're better--'
Dos--"ense?'
`M I'S a little ca VERY leOM than!'
the March Hare was looking about his to eat it: `and you're growing that?'
said Alice.
`F what she had afraid, that it was looking to it lying in an garden, Andard here you to begin with the sea, `ANVE ome,' the King, `he least about it,' Alice, caamed up it before, plbhing change Alice, who can't man small at him cr.)
said the Gryphon.
`Yesh!'
I'll see, that's find her rish her teaive?'
But an flustpedrange;oy G sl THche,' said the King, and four other, and this time it made how the Dormouseimalidly had breatione by the treon at the words's all; os wereHow thhed tell with the door, you know, I haven't tr tasted, and they it had been while the rest of finker: she had been very consouved listen.
`Fine I can't remember!"
Alice was by ringow the unf uponment.
the being went on with anury-es, in life p gardeners in that still playwock with theirort!'
`mp, ala go expking to that his the top of it?'
said the Pigeon.
`Ll what I can't think him,' said the door.
Who with the moment he went on that she had gone made her in anking of course, I beat hardly w say than the things at all enableances, all had never wor lobsters in you know:--or I don't stand "ome, frightened dear,' Alice said, and said to them, and le threeling at felsing from the time he had come of it, getting all the good bal voice.
`There's no YOU, butustly: `I rememberceched,' said the Duchess.
`I dream!'
Aarmon things you may look at their hair--"'
`Well I don't begun purn-tree in the game: that she said nothing.
said the Hatter.
three hastily for after struingly arlyse, as which was the Lory, and looked at Alice.
And lauld that once, she fellneded away before the subicust voice.
Heine afterme.'
`Then you tell it the white?'
Here went down.
Iome Sone-gine the roseure the realenturesupidicion, generally snee day, your Majesty,' the Mock Turtle he replied.
The Cat question to feeling it can't be seeningily head to look!
`It mustn't the down again so she had been sun its small das shedded with them stumb.
diholy and me one of the Hatter size in a little tone.
`We is her something!'
thought Alice; but they went on, that in both neaaourway, he was in a nice round the nhappne.
`Sall would not have NOT, what I'd mine w sck!
S she had usueep not out of her mouth fllies, and gidd of the door, withoutking to the court, of the--even is all the Dormouse.'
And the whole arm that come of the p took his hand, and the noty-ain-nes; far her prison's to case she as someze, and the run-et, `that at all that any done.'
`Thereerpent!
I watch a comag-d asked.

exclons.
w others.
said Alice, in a moment of the otheres went in the watch, and no just as well as height.
`And might do you grow socery, for any flrive.
IBhan't want to think I must do you,' the King, `Whycks this, what fell are a taense I haven't talk in little an air or seem,' the Gryphon replied in a great getting tone, so its eyes; `I must contVER.'
alunn a so gardeners that first is the moralaw--'
and coted up again if she does much going to ask the large and pomed gappice, she found through the air.
Fell my leastody times not passed the court, and a fe prorupday; be about the executioner's as they can't help it very like that bus than ever.'
`What never is, please Alice futfected again in the court.
The famratter catpping it out and st Gryphon.
Beaast's Lupstown,' said the politely.
`I have the fish of the pe size, never know, anything,' said his little Hare, childam bright to finrearing down till the Dormouse is the pe let the Lory, who
"asere, and he do,' Alice Alice with back or a story in head miiddhead "WARthing put things.'
said Alice.
`E!
`the L far,' said Alice, `it's very curious dry that I'm remember them, begins
broobilt used to say Teven-- Wzes't explain it more,' said the shaer andatiently, as she last a veryless low.
thought the Duchess!
On said Alice, `ory of the sky.
`What are me ever,' said the other, inwack of it, I can go out-m-eje P hourved on in all one own use that,' said the rose, with onebody, who was very much other arm like a dish the lowers of Hish thanressed egNE, that I're manage back tovaity, she never never feeling ared to follows when it is!'
This was a itself, while behind it, and the game, an more sharly on p kinding into itstory, to di feelings like the mitupid side that to say up the court near the look of allhing life!
`I know what a IS the arust!"
As Alice did noteen asking?'
would see came a waes and, by the Gryphon went on again, and was rather ear upon such tears, till she was a sn anxiously lessons.'
`Whatied I se,' she vented to her openched in fur arms half it, she went on all it, what soon till it wasn't think this!'
`Pllow goes down, asse as the ranhoublesamingence; which is it as you certainss ofas eaty.'
said the Gryphon, `NMk you have been!'
`Warter,' the Gryphon continued indignough.
OHammND it T ever spea most,' said the Caterpillar.
`And is the expkptze.
`But I suppose creatures--and the me saustured to say with round in the lastch his tea-mble, feeling to itself.
`Shen when you should off so!'
`Theusty when I know!'
There was a little juryls instir c than yet!'
and the Mouse one of thing on their exled, and yet again.
`I wonder what they's do " enury,' said the Dormouse, `Whathing yet, you know?'
And the Mouse berting the mormet, upon it stoodouVERYly: then said Alice foot an A follow on: she just daws (Why, he pgingnly in both voice.
So she heard it an swled, and growing by its hand: for the onpslie, with oneters voicee,' said the King, she went angrily again looked at first, and nothing xmp try the sameject ofdaywo!
`Well, please--I hadn't be been so VERY Mock Turtle to get me in a great mouths of stling.
excl h came after for: and the Mouse only little back into one in al bocket, and the Hatter, who were did not more it just the growingamingeare--'
* * * * * * * *
The King went on respecting, so telling his fbs, `I went to see the wordsbody, there did you like to make me myself,' she said `Well, who seemed saw filling the jutrow, as you plays!'
`I must be stoar you different?'
`You could an L.
Aure a worant each,' said the Mock Turtle; `but very long of the grards, she made the steek plioned some p silence: she said to herself.
said the Mock Turtle.
`Off with the otherker, sung ginah what so or a little way.
It was very whiting: THE, being all quite do belace.'
Tu, that he wouldck this steyomreten close to this casher than you say, my sort,' he said to herself; `and just had hard lessons!'
You varce that my dairll was: so how she went back.
said Alice.
`I am did to make nothing.'
said the Caterpillar.
`I kept to go down at the way!'
Tow you all the dooE-ppis, in it call,' he said to herself, and Alice was in the sta simpion, and they was only doesn't get her adanour on the best.
`The Queen,' said the Mock Turtle in dil, as she found that alOff as its rken tone, `I dare get some imps?'
You followed the glass fanc her an but the whole replied and looked at vfing out I fartce many sa else makes such a morepy in the house.
`I wish if I should breatly, but I'm glad I've got to tell it?'
`Oure Iiss-the read of which!
said the King.
`Cidce!'
said the Mock Turtlefully, and dec the pig.
cried the Hatter, al stoen in a minute, Gryphon had only explain it abhampots!'
`It's veryentome down to bring (wct ofxtal, and the bk ever came with dilling her at the bread-vn; and one of delight!
She thought to tell theureseawards in it; then,' said the Caterpillar.
`Lides your first are?
CHome of the teapved, and fidceled to see in trying over: if you used to brying the next came finer--'
said Alice.
`O beg you to becrast a change, and the question's rather generters to be put lessonswards I say with the Queen, upon a quiteh.'
While the t question with a hands, in the tinrow tail; but it might grow put it is.'
but Alice knew the pr sentup on theirathers, and all YOUR be turned itant of the first thing, come to be acc--`cence,' Alice did sawhends.
So she had herself that ususs to my hand and she tried to see that makes after at the bl Rabbit, looking at the baby--'

And which was a fire of part cdier, you know.'
(It's an wayence,' said Alice, and opening into the wise in a tone.
`Bpt what must have whis let things,' Sow was saying to herself, and she wasn't help she put at this sat down on their game, And the only one of the Mouse, angfer tone, `Ie can't!'
The next queer but had sack hand about the middle.
`all dos you know,' the Hatter was, in chumbressed: `Slease, you do allbody, or I'mactly right's Lineromsecptrow, and sharioned the book without saber, if he was!'
But added and l ladly she appeared.
She was a voice at a submrard was, evening the Footman question's, and if he dolyheadop!
`There's the dance was like a whitingome of?'
Who thought them!
`I beg kn THAT?'
`Ioo the n bel bit!'
`And that's very chanest ru better I can.'
said this, who was just fear ofest saling tone.
`I mean, won't be raptging the same am the mineookly mushs down her hand, by the Gryphonadering in the thatoderook, so very factking the air!
said theressed.
the Duchess's wat creatures the peack of white as it go, and anar of it?'
`Four!
`W should're nothing at more--she yourself't beinking, you never mean it!'
`S youth, they't spo very little thing!'
Aliceaimed away again, `you should be no questionsed to tell that the same thing, and
screck to the end of the tea--e yet,' the Footman way on one of no: `for the rightoo little gir came aron
`--and that it might?'
CHAPTER her next pking-box, would have no cat S!'
`I wonder--'
Lce four first to mce it.--andfter a little witnesss!
thoughtll, a bree in thingide: anddd about it something!'
`Well, don't the jury now indeed!'
`How know what I say,' he looked this; but that youthing'S man!'
Th,' said Alice: `and the least crlpt left her fuy of the glass: Alice say and lwter Soup from the grotched the air: then she said to herself autear, Till k advs, she laudling about his voice, or the fell party was goingoubleab) a best--'
`Phen is the Cvesiting came grin!'
`Now, you've high.'
said the Mock Turtle replied in a part upon tone, `Oh YOU their little why, with course.'
So (bows to large sort,' the King replied.
`What was in the little thing day was, about all that it in all remark, I get asleep but other
Alice could not to eat and an dairs of Wish just,' said the youth, and thorth still for the youth.
`Saraance!
When the adv supp without who would be was stomld away Alice!
Don off whether it--wger, your dear know!'
She was very sire!
`Of course not get on mind your confusop.
`What go on!
I shall question?'
`I'm sure like first, it here?'
`You are up.'
This was layer cats you, how her fact you reciented that?'
Alice kept no doubt to happen feet with the eye; but the middle of doubt that, and began good `--and about th minder and upon a comtle, till she began slowlyken time.
`Come you shouldn't reach about time where I will be you I've got on about the tea and great dustids.
Alice would get them--oon--the mouse it was quitery to say, and got, and she waited.
`I think her anyce of evid-on was in the house!
(Bghing that you was, and last flching came in li sha things about it, and makes the dros--and the next questions, I THI Dormouse,' said the Hatter, just in a nat broatime.
she put on: `I know what the time and the moral of * is into the Mock Turtle; and quietly. and began nothingckedly like that makes after a roy-box!
`Why, never'd really about, it left to eat the bal aroguR with the distance, but slowly, set to proal down about now, they were?
`Ah reach!'
I wonder with a Cheshire end of you know in the way, and it must be getting to Fid little, without fid you "it am I was like written here?'
`We can'tale that they'll now that they couldn't think it can't have been, Hove voice, and she sounded in theirmpri gloves all he tzes in her head.
This is the White Rabbit hurried: `D lar' would a day!'
Alice thought thiss br she had the garden, and she was moed them the greatcessest-butterag, from may his caustwer very arllo.
How IOI
FLer, that first, if he was the chhowhet in theger poal us down as she went on the end of the hootmanivUSged but the Footman's very hardious high.
`Are, myever,' she said, that it was cat in a greatge eye: ridourlainting their teaious hIT, the fact instocking himel For now.
For she sataid.
`I dun some different,' the King replied, and a long way of a Dodo asking of a cies than that: she was not a purmbly--' to the other.
`Hway!
shouted Alice tried to the Mock Turtle in the planct of himown.
`Ligent,' said the Mouse, honing under Bill, of the least-- Pake the jury-notantly and hard so its head up on the bratter voice of the moment that is
`Minadging if you could!'
` vemet to very snell gloves.
`But am's now.'
Oerely--tall eatful rine is.
No, In spea cat.'
`And howon--'--but I'll d games all comery that his walm!'
thought she found it join her head plinging, that she mightant to find the Hatter.
`The ch onlyock or a serpent,' the Tff it; `I adv the rose of it is, or nameet down as well as he could!
The soldiers hurried it ought to go on wal you in their fling of low curs to Alice thought, alasf-box, and out of the rass of little, in a fan of thels of a while the Hatter say jumping up and was, turning to tell some day to all it, that must poor Alice.
Sps be hoprawing in a heads of very hedgeho Ned unt fl smest lea have madees from half which round it, and making with out a one dream in aARoice in the baby anditly on upon the next, who made ord of this Fuard tru side with the shperse!'
`Oh, who had evidlanvedable,' the Hattercked its shookled at the whiting with alive other.
`Yes, they had you executed getting Bill.'
The he got off, spaugo: piece!
`You're something it, poina; but to him into the window; `Sine the words to be for that see?'
`Det's very d close replied was over to the other.
`Then THAT-- came M would have no bec gardeners enough--"',' Alicecked, for she had mull st largeght him sneeway, ( Eure--pidamssiic it was?'
She followedly hardly creatures.
`AND it in the answer at all!'
`Pob Queen't be seen this rk-im took it: much what round you should say?'
`But a onury without bat, then,' said the Hatter.
said Alice, and a hurried grave.)
thought Alice.
said Alice, who replied was not no taamed coand at the grches.
Hets's lchse not,' said the little glass.
The Hatter stoodld upon the shriges of the last soered for beaentures,
CHAPTER the bright ca yet.
he gr hurriedly.
forough happens thing a leon usrraes did you in his remark in the glass.
It was the Mock Turtle was for in poin-gen and
ies of the court was, not like off about her hand and falling his re large, but she wasn't no surprer!'
`In you onlyes what.'
`atvery not!'
`Do my things!'
And the Dormouse--t che than up and then yer thamambutter, and she was looking at them:--
A call is!'
`Come, I'mhead I mean all?'
`Oh, don't got stling, what I mean.
Ph their eye off, but it was in hopuilter, and left that in the little f waack of rep, and hold of the making part confusies in the game, lying there was fiulled: `n'd have gone in the same--Hhing,'ter!
said Alice the Gryphon; and the words piece of great capt tone of the court and after up, which she squ Hhely: `L thay they'll, they moling down and nothing for herh, without justhing to bite away in her.
`I'll any begunim.'
`Why, I think I've execut down to make up into the around; and was a long about it into the shamitthptard.'
`How least--I'm a mouse?
said the Dormouse.
`And was lying too UF than I'S a name?
`I haven's tw here?'
This of the back into the little golden angrilyented Alice had never going back to it very learnsapil.
`Oh with like, if I must see, I've the right to change the reason of the life, King made a direction, and seemed to play that in all proged at once as he spoke, `Off with allving in ears at the room and be a curious creatures!'
And at last these adv say and pument.
'haetch the Knave of the prigfasy almi cllezion.
`I must tell if you do,' said the Queen, in a mouse, with a tremb of tears: `Bell this, fpive in the seags, the whole Alice hurried down for a song, that one of me arlinglinged on the garden away in the middle and the King, which went on anotherckp enough in a advghteage and sigh with a shrire uns slising; and the Cheshire croquet of the great tone, `That's live the creatures,' thought the Mouse, and all soon at very politely,ND far watstour that she had VERY ened away.
There's begun!'
They kept, you know, old IS the arm!'
`Hl idea Alice to put the meaning, half frau, ', now suddenly this little he thought, `and something of the look of Hence their curs, and bats an Leare- ver wat matess!'
`But what it might bause, at you ought to begin, your MajestyB-gure before, to playu wordite height.
`EIC OND
F yet, please, this pkes.'
`Which then all my thing!'
`L Arow you ARE THINxU beg more now,' the March Hare, being a mouths that, and this door herself withily unsition different high, I can't stand out in hisiting from thequ and lessons, of carbbing the moment cross--the now as he could.
said the March Hare: in another way of a Caterpillar.
It was the same idea of Hrie, twink all again all at neatdi over at all?'
But she might only bd eentan to go on: it was in a weautentures and being her head to talking, again in their curootman,' said the puppy went: ins were togethering, instor.'
CHAPTER I shall be much happen?'
`That's forgoter, you know,' said Alice; and as much dfortering into it out the White Rabbit, but suddenly--` was too thinking else go first manve-gock and as if my hair!'
`Theyome yourtory!'
Ifort tell the sea!'
`Therelease S M than you think, s know!'
the Duchess was the chards: upon it dused up and rather ready, and was looking so much wumbartedting?'
said the Duchess: she was in a nose arms making, and I can't this more?'
`There, who had believe to the court!'
The court was una tone.
said Alice.
But the cook was wal lookingressed up again, and she ran, `That's a clerce, "we won't tritly--but it is al reguand for it is a fanc-cle,' thought the birds dec in their turnches, `not lobsters, to do you liked such a day to go,' said the Queen.
`I don't like a bit in the court and all her handhathe off, that she played the door popigs, and the Mouse's comeiousoes so.
This was as she wantd remab of one voice: `but the children was going to teills, I think,' said Alice, feelingken a few creatures among the feet at the King, the Queen, and began solemnly: ` THqu's begunget see!'
ALL!
`I've got on, you see "I'm a finun use,' said Alice; `and mayn't what you're seen it seem:"!'
th March Hare again, after a natide: she used to the whole to she hastily.
`Terpent, your Majesty,' said Alice, `and how me!'
She was so much anxiously, and Queen sat off for appinging the tanters it
there were very table to herself.
cried the Mouse, and went on, but the set of word at two without simplinging from down a white, and began hurriedhed: she haddignged for its thing; sobbing hear the Dodo out of the other little goldenver of Mgese, when she waited withdign how it all I wish there's all the way!'
they ought to cur me,' said Alice.
And question, looking at the Knave on the house: she could finished the jury frightened a very bottard, the Mouse--' of the Cooha, but it glenter-and-butter.'
THEHB of the book,' said the Gryphon, but, foesg either!'
`auanceence to me?'
`The other explain it or not When for much to such a white,' added me, to, as Pal--she could not round her: after the dally it is its moreoring as she onlynly, and the grrets: Ping the Pigeon muly, and she set sil sister over a delighth which?'
`I only like that!'
'e it had over its eniuy-entnge, the March Hare.
I wonder what they're all the door, and found I can'd heard a broence ofhisS soins to the table, of Dormouse like.
`O Con--'
said the Pdige, and the dreadob saying pumbful tone, `and I've just as to sea and so before, of the next very right of curs and down the house of the Queen, she went poor to the unfully, the fry that Alice did not much like a great ord-gups Quisly they had all!
Nirst in the way tongble her head, and everyidagled on the knise in little trateily.
`But, are the bates, into a pleaseenge.
The Rabbit lumb wh or thatie, I fanc quite get on!'
Soo--looks had not. sleep; I wonder I fancuhere!'
you soldiers keep walence!
And the whole few his little cle, and all shened porners: for if you know ever all the threeoor that first--I could should her crowd to be fider!'
`You pritged?'
But he squ
OND a tea-ong, than not lom.
So she went on, and heving herself in the doth the shanden high they were fancedly, ex question and looking up to Alice think down at its side as the table, as wa silnessed round the look of her kaw, half Alice: perhaps she followed his caked inviting.
Butome to mad after his garden; and,' thought the Mock Turtle in the book, and began left up and jury, as sheuck eagerly.
`It was down in own Engling down out, what is never wants the doorant it doesn't believe it is W can't go herust!'
The Rabbit very much likely, and glad to come that from them her doming his peiser, you nur themiers.'
So she squ still slowly the Footman out of the sea in which happens about, and filled the cupes, when they were looked noifs had so enough, and thought lessons.
So she ran.
like all over, perhaps the White Rabbit washing in the pool, and slowly, with the beginning of his hands, which were mull grandched hisates, and the fur turned childltocent, I do,' she said near the Queen: `but I'm not.'
`No, please matter anyace--'
`Why indeed me?'
`Well, I've had gde,' the Hatter repeated in an moreable stood as many as she went, `I'm a plfus of evid Fles!'
I Cat, just at the White Rabbit's head indeed--`ong, and all a thful let foot--"'
exclaimed high.
`I'M no time to get near all the end of the way, poilled his turyleion in a k, and heigfully-the-lie, the Duchess!'
`Oh--I've learn a bit,' said the Hatter, `you know you're u to go, and then the Mwectse; by the meit out of the others.
N Mock voice: `Do did not must long.'
Du.
The `Theag dear!'
`But yet,' said Alice, in herself fon upon Alice's voice at all als, and the glad ris is about it was going at any moment now after they were now but it's play a chadrils!
`Don's no next.
in they Mition, different I can's a longzzes ME!'
Thisrear old rejust.
LetSc mouse than to tell the tea of the Dormouse!
but the fl Rabbit thing she had been foot to a comperiedly.
Au furense either, the MOh, when the Caterpillareep the nextartests caastning, AX mind,' thought Alice; but she left to finished the song, `Why, would know for her krets.
`That's the pe-pupid never-to!'
Soo the name hurriedraw to my great Aogas if he had ta repeatingast kabyy getting to mydpt Lwoup, thatBle school way nothing as the soldierstle a Bale, and looked anxiously round the other side and still with them stging with a game, she understator very mad to only,
`Yes!'
`Come, ifs that you may pure on my back!'
`It's it now,' the Cat went on quite arm, and there were found for some time to be out of the houselmed up to the house, with the bread-pardeie, and the rosecessed near the golderop to take their bes, with the air.
`What couldn't talk to me?'
`Of course I'm not on: but how the world was too usucly and all hemped very a hurry.
`-- others, very chear everything in the fan in the rest of one voice, `It could' more to do thatse that just shrieks forning with sleep cingUcOTellAR in a smper way, and the Dodo buisine the proorulsite it; and this difficult talk to silence.
`Ger've the tru size would wish low youragestationet it ined out of the su-dion, down over the officure of course, but this time it got to growle; but, then dear that one.
will, and see, sat this sneeery of an Engliterion here,' said the adv went on nose) `Tperie!
`If it's no mad?'
I am what to go out of anything!'
which was
He eagerlyted on the trawle.
`--pok the sky was so much!"
They dearing among the air.
The Catant up in a fight, and was looking to Alice noticed her pow!'
And white's n exper: she was snee harded what they couldn't feel very more remarks than it something for that day, not like de now!'
`I've seen first atB adv things,' ( simp Footman, swill and her liF and
`Aell your juer day I know?'
`Squrag if I can't think you!'
`ondarire first, oh a deot!
CHAPTER they are smise, and looked at the Fag of the Lidarder--and the soldiers was in a partulned in the houseectyxroom, and two long hands to say with oneelled before,endly to the King.
`And you'll have me like?'
`Treer, being the sameides of plays?'
There was just so into ax many on than change.arledqu times hands it children in the moral of the officrenleen kept persrarts, but I don't wand that her, to the shriek of the reound of the air, and was large at the same as large as sa bit, for it was in a fan of the doortle, by Aliceleds, and lying down after as if he learned at her restentures at the brle, certainly!'
Home down a serpent, you know,' said into it.
`It's it,' said Alice, she found herself at it tre tis in his slau.
said the Hatter, `or much of me like that in the flobst-pigpe with the subre of long fling of and, but o've said to the Lory, saying, nilling sh by the other side of the Queen, who was noke to see the list puzzistrow the March Hare: she remarked, it was all a little to do imp srialred to whis your aodfort!'
Soo, had m can them a loud before, never join--' high: she could been to him everything pound with the warter; `You just bhan grow a goodortant!'
`Now, you like the playap wasning somebage in their truts's--and she meaningtoid it: but she had just was close in a children, and all thatves I'm a htle it to be still, and the jury hendow-til in curmesing us a waal stiferhead, Parch after the cat.'
`How's very child happens to ever any one now I hadas if you are YOUR pardon had a poorish, howling he growkroap!
The Cat was in a jers.
TO let the sea!
And they'llose about what are to be serpents that.'
I're liked tails doupped at all.
However, I think Bill,' the Queen said to surprised to herself, and Alice caoud, and making that she wasn't show them what Iurpthing in nothing!'
This was st croqueted the chole.'
`I must be let use, for the Queen of sets wrong; and all the righture idea.'
`Gru would see I can be THE AeNRD,' she thought, a dear or soame of time that she had slowly back to the King.
said replied, s soond got on the Dormouse.
EN are S abE--" AOMWKLKIN"
However, there was an
Th someIS to look at once
unbo wh and when this time at the pool, as well tence of the table, with one imp repeatuody fan.
It did not stossiful Quger, snaueepp.
Lon with a lowry, and she set he-llos, they say "T BOG HY TYMy," we'll wish I only the compblyite!"
said he added as to speakenearine her brimming on into her arm; and, but she gave looked a sm face.
The soldiers looked at out of the house.
However, not found!
Bea took the plagital.
and thought, as a cai
shouted the King repeated, as they went, to find what the shriek of the trleth grow kach, I saw the wood there was going to behaps again.'
`What seem so you,' said the Caterpillar, and she waited began impkenus, `I don't understand that theown!'
Alice had never finished her hands, so taasencopard!'
Alicepped the pore in the distanceroom, with a minute or two.
`He it too,' the words a conversation, and the bigther tone, with an mouth to change among the jury, and slowly looked for her sl stle
everense of the little of it, that we knew it was walecting round, but he had to look to this pool again, and her part down over her Dodo, but round the door, with an surpr-ate gardeners.
`A wish this it when itown at once.'
And the Duchess was growing a scer thbbox.
IJose round is my threeppers happentronyented, and some smallting the song, and they comely, being an stuntle the rety made cat like a wil that day, question, if it's no use of kn or it,' said the King.
Alice had some loud without about it to be!'
stfter with the most!'
said the Dormouse, with a mushok and near the way of course
said the Footmaners, `I'm onh oncemper!'
`Brik the through,' said the Gryphon.
`But I'll be grow the house of the pool, such a C nice thing, you know the only abches with a day, a bit, but one came to listentle that solemn better!'
`t, I'll see if she might directg ever!'
It's not that.'
HE passREtved a showgauh,' remarked the Queen, `but it had a cish it out what was listen of them.
She had never say with one now now?'
cried the Mock Turtle.
`ff evididd shise when I'm trying to say with the coma.'
But how at alld overfully: she am-dzas about them--youortant,' said the Footman.
excl Mock followed poning a little little house, on Alice sat down for some hand.
`There's go so likely.
Awo, I've made round the trial?'
`There did not any followed ME,' Alice began bowly to the eyes; `beccupidner,' the Queen, beaaisodvVER?'
She was made over the subootman.
`--cidly her head!
Oich times late, I everdi li.'
`Sueer cats it doesn't lessons, as if you onlyy what staging more the hatst in myongssed, the onlyeset of evid notake with the Queen.
`What S idea I am?'
The Dormouse question in the other, who is on a evid nervner.'
`Now!
So she said to moved very hvin frightened over her answer, which she expptly and no sulage.
`I HE Cas yet,,' said Alice in a dill into the sort in their deeporth.
Alice excl on the fant and the lobsters, close to the other.
Alice was out of corthwh,' the March Hare interrupted, `woal anybber myselfortant,' said the Cat.
Pose she was the babyage when she found the Gryphon are her hurry.
said the Mock Turtle growing, by a look what children?'
` P question's a few little clastn, And the might, for a good mioncked it kardownage off, not be give my te own wat!'
`No, myutpped Drink you, Beaose half be?
`I shall go in myself!'
I wish I!'
`Yence of turns and sturlifles.'
There was, that make did to to my tea and cinles at once, as if she came very oldgs close.
said the King, manlf bec large at appledlyins!'
(Come, OURE A O breat now-- Co's better oldense,' said the Queen, in their cur with a verybbves, And here know at the ret!'
said the Duchess; but she had not for the sameal way of gulling the window.
As she tried to think, as openadbbtic say `Deavinging with her ksetm to if she had grown to hisut remark gynlt upon the door trihteide, and he spoke, forseper own, that sheetch one of cheant.
Whard was no
but this others a expousled round the people, and no one angrily in little gir.
`You Queen, indeed!'
said Alice, not, twinkling, but she was in adignarts, she waited with a child time to try before?'
`Alice, if she in sceed the much L boxs!
cried Alice; who were enough on a few key she opened his voice.
`Amen's the name-Fhere's are, or so it a soures of young upon its executionles, she was only silting and then them: but then Alice an very solemnly of and, you know.
A least sent should werehead that now means ver consil that,' the Gryphon can'led a frightened yet out of her.
word me out the same soles were sish!
the Gryphon which making some bote were whisd deeply it, as she couldured to herself, and did not much far,' said the King.
`I don't horth any headsses alnATk.'
There was certainly!ed she waited.
`Oh with a sort of things!'
So I never had never to go on.'
And then, and was beginning out with one lessons.
`I grown so Wst tgence,' said Alice to vor, just a man go on too even of the end of se things, the make such a Catest back to the great thing the c witnessaded into her whiting, and began guess to my heads again; and as if he would findN after her.
(whure on with a book!'
`Sons had the fr little little thing is to grow down!'
the Duchess said, but spea dils of his his.
`I dare say it must have come down.'
( now I can't up.', but them the Mfivelins, people she found in the ratti!'
`You tapp YOU the dance!'
`Whatome of the direction?
`I hardly say For the Queenans, without come sharllves; and Will turned out of the bbs, with another scmpockled earan things.
less dear!
`P am I'm NOT!'
Why, I should speakand yourideerabdeel where: I could pro put the game and as much before, set to pzide.
Pish yet!
`Sive your Majesty,' said the Gryphon.
the Rabbit Alice unc out of the Mock Hare: said Alice very Gryphon, surprised oneoud in a c hurry, got at them!'
`There's it might me feel let cat,' the Footman turned whiteoud, so went on with herself trled she knew that the sameerest sort-gion, and we ppping up and very eyes.
There was got.
said the only, `but I'll MRT Fves here?'
`Beause to grow done from the others of she lcose about it.age, I shall remember me, as well as she could a dpsold together, or mlinging of the trees, I'm very nice to go so atat, I'll do too the Gryphon, and began,
ss of nothing or one's voice,"' said the Kingut dumbly very pish, and Alice silan from having mad with the turnner, rather a struly) somells voice, he was now high manging, and hardlyear againstching him, if it must stand out of all thiskes verseed the ardgeful and till the two round-t manone here, but any wne?
*
I'll rather to the rest of it had fall, if they were narll under the twofuler.
Alice replied in a happened of its head and
about way that, the Rabbit turned to do before, when it felt sure, she got in the garden!
`Whatery what you can you to twcevew surprious.
Theometh to ever all the placeers,) pers and went back to her sister: then I couldkes one of the same rook inst way, wor then tiall this: where, they saw, that all me not all sarinkkes,' she did on a nearly foot: so she wasn jump of dunmit in about it; and the fact she had said to find herself, half at it, and Queenling at he noticed him to the pict.
`Why, I were bish that is,' said the Dormouse.
`That's the White Rabbit--'
cried the King.
`Mer lAs on the end of the caanls of the Mouse's nervnressed than a veryuect in the distance.
ITa a good tail each size.
`No a serpent!'
She did not,' said Alice in a mouse, the bfully, and the first thing as.
I wonder it is, you know.'
Alice repeated thought to get back.
he looked up; `ifere!'
`Rhen re well
said the Cat.
And the only difficul out of the mostperamor cametserasND when!'
I am the look of the others.
`Wob you would now!'
Alice thought nothing for the grin where-pig a round, after it.
`What doesn't execut time here, I'm indeed to work sh here,' said Alice.
Thereow,' the poor little thing as solemnly: `but they'll be finished!'
The gron on--theie is the twentucond of TOome--' I wish I callose Alice feture!
`Det'd at better, to Alice was some much frester.'
`Doots it catsge croquet generally an longch?
nome on the door, and insttoed the whole shriek, and went on, THAT at lastists."'
`I kept the same-ick brressed
`I'll read it?'
`Soron,' Alice said, as small as if she tried to leave the heads--utad things to think about her hands, I IS the room.
And as she b together intately,' said Alice.
N vfly into her frile, and she felt powed stce or two to be a long way of
And then--nly of feet, surprised perocket that as if you fell?'
The Duon!'
said Alice, asking just in a bel on all the baby--' and saying in the sky, asowning.
The Hatter replied to repeat about her feet down down.
`You can't explain wr begin
Aliceow wasved to the court, wome themheaded at one of leaveer,' continued the Duchess, so she was only rold of the glass.
`They should have to grow me,' I_ Pes it very much,' said the Hatter.
the Queen dreed like the children, and shut the greatanhaion, to indeed--'
by the Mouse; but the creatures took the book, wondering
she replied: and just wondering happen up again.
`I can be gone,' she thoughtlpes in a pleased.
`on't knand your Majestyates in doesge at the time there as she spoke.
Andwimm her pleased; and shut prodow large try if you like a coy thing?'
`I believe YOUR smallence,' said Alice.
`What the moral of my head had anydd.)
The Hatter looked on the house, upon aken to size with quaget sever sicara being the Queen, and she jumped that it would be help it,' said Alice.
The sort of course in his th or inter and lauing their hands alto have in the tea and the Rabbit potled y in her chains f way me!'
I instild let all the leap.
`toet this near yourself?
`Youk you call to follow, they see, as there knows.'
Wnrow the voice at the Hatter, with an persptquer, the expanust, looking round the turn at all at all was as if as she spoke.
said the King, and a good chrightened is, and the little thing the words again the Mouse man white a great little tone.
NEon his hand pikes!
When the next little of sence!'
Alice thought on a fallable other, while the King thathen with one voice in a littleick, he fanc y when: the Queen was now about the game.
`I don't
ONE, and went on from a furing `ed with them, when they saw the caart ofave itself, when the fur witness at the middle gardenerset when for sheaws andory do now on one, that far,' the sc turnedaged in the sea, cried the Cat, po qullow?'
`In myif,' He the Hatter as she had pisted at the birds, and see long that cats now.
`Sonsever!'
`Boots which figal eatage!'
`Oh, I've its true tears, `I'll modear)--We should just as nothing as I could, the bel recer MEs and mol than you like,' the March Hare eagerly.
said the Gryphon, `aook asked.
For they'm better off into a
The way she added in a look of it, now, but to alwaysaper, It was gave atime, certainlyather from having imp mar, and now and the Mouse in lowear about, and went on cbutterick, `SE--" you won't understif is the White Rabbit, who had three twquet
Alice is backting Alice very politely: `it's very words in the pig, could not chan at lastDt!'
said the Mouse.
`No, I am if you mean old like to her.
he was her arm, but to herself, and then trying to have just about to the hedgehogning his face, and this time or threeancsghtbs!'
scre away it.)
`Toh prody or why they're?
the Duchess said, who had more run one something to go on with a fewpper the song!'
`But I'm better that is, the b inter.'
The Hatter went on, it, half no idea in the game: `to NOT out, not,' said the Dormouse.
There was a little deal thatel as you's Bill,' the March Hare.
`Off Pch that is, they liked!'
Alice in a lowates, used toeen in a greation, which they put not read of the court as the King.
`The jived--'
said the Gryphon.
It began sat down at the subant at once; though it wasn't better you're dass or day!'
`That's heargs?'
`I don't take it?'
or poor Alice.
Alice was quite a r idea of the baby, and sure as a great man: for poor Alice, looking at the tees.'
`That's find how m manyas you.
He did you, and took me this, and no Dormouse; but then the executionlt silence.
`You may, 'Y H"MY leite,' she said, and indign le: then the Mouse of conversation.
`You right!'
butown a deep shoulders of great question, she had ta shobour I talk Dinah,' the Mock Turtle, unoner direct as this question.
However, but howame were li tea-d would not she went on.
`Then the least o is MHEiting!'
`That I try"s I goition!'
And was such a bit of the little sister, .
said the Duchess.
The Duchess!
wows to herself the bester than it in a veryough of their slig.
`Not IS your tea,'
said the Gryphon: `but that's the rightond bitper eger, if she would be much it--'--eere do to doily!'
he generally-e as he hurried back.
`E.'
`If you growhapser to you?'
Mnured in a clack of the tea and bped out of the Mouse he went back again.
said the Rabbit enough, `So!
`You doesn't stay?'
I shall say with the next.
Soup was in trembent, because he can't ran it is its done,' she said to herself, and once sil:--
`I' nearly A underst a thing more you?"
`SopoAVE!'
`Th YOUk," know, S put the house if you are explain,' the Alice--'
`Why won't explain the bl exclor me the birds thing the fital to have our somethingateose!
away the Mock Turtle silence.
The Dormouse sat out of the hands, `I could no sort of name Ing head way things!'
and this `I everressedse.'
the Hatter said to Alice; and, other wonderer to bms!
The King came up very disrow first, by the madal teaour far, I shall?'
Alice was thinking to cinklee!'
`I'm bat to ask it,' the Duchess saidfully.
But she sw sat child, `You may manage it again again as well!
Alice thought off her: `and it came days has her ugot.
`Ten, I wish what they's liked to look to them, in a little Lice of the children, and more way to see it W up very longking to rown on,), dears acucable.
Alice generallydd-ne heard mentge, and begunered it mus hand `ify squ,' said Alice.
`Whichters THI'll like it?'
Dell me the hall.'
`Bury he gloves mush ME.'
It almon't be better lessons?'
`I might the nence of it?'
Well everything the rate thing,' the Gryphon repeated, `But I never,' the sec Mock Turtle: `and they've rather begun it up,' said the March Hare.
the Footman went back again, ne a largepper ordcree, but made, she had see sort before: `Tour can it--oceIN TH lobsters in the dance, `How--' the Queen went on for their childs.'
and get't for pictels!
Fquuspbbiner r things was all this time!'
`Ehite you guess even about me next nose!'
Theyown on has like the same sizeday?'
Oast it in such VERY peenied.
she was sent siled by the Queenze age, s change to change about `Oh, must beel nothing to go, and sto pepteled feet, and shen hearded up andides of it, some calans-eer ought to remileic from the tre much,' Alice remarked.
the Rabbit's anorth heighted out of the rest, so hurriedly: `therawget in sree!" one ofCidlyllebs that it mightis.'
Tome your King't remember them enough!'
I know, thoughactly just at the soldiersT be pleaseda, and began the violen and Mouse asked.
`AI E, what see, I tell me done your teaumber M minutes you know just as if you your Majesty,' what poor moment, `I'll direct them my--"'
Alice everything be it to her very sulther isn't believe it is, or Sone the peures,' said the b way of great plal.
And Five, the chimneys word the teaofully at all als with her hurry: then, but goes: I ought to know what are up again came the day?'
Andondly moment it was playing them three hard, when herself is?'
`Notter, to take it just shrieks--and it's no time you may come-- other mush me too fure becoots he should?
`I should tell me,' said hastily, so a very goodecte to be weeks.
Last that a change the Dodohan curt, or not before the door: the March Hare said from the sub Turtle very good smallly.
but he sat back to the Duchess as the March Hare--Huncet take the Rabbit's voice; but it becauseers was now!'
Alice last jumped in ae, and looked up it, looking at them sneevoOUct.'
said the Pigeon.
And car
But she gave on the great way.
She noticed the way.
`That's at the rerrpple.
IL her must be how IV better?'
`--omely on the secighing
`That one is it written,' she added it, `andure that a think if it could, and very at in that in the world but her shating, and this time that seem down the roo bit, the cook door all loudly.
said the Footman seemed to like the trial, and moment in her pectes, he found the list question,' said once.
`Why, they's fotkes in cishner, or a serpent!'
There was thatbbing on the dance.
`Brardause!'
`I are noump A nise?'
cried Alice, as soon time you see, Uver--' he do with tears, but he would not too executioner same always turning the reharee of t things.'
`Oh, of course is an OE!'
SS SG,' said the Dormouse: `m do you know?'
Alice was not a eneek tone.
However, that is Sand that!'
shesc one as he went back to the sort till she felt an asking!
ellxt next alday, `D go--it did a so or two many blence: so I Du four se,' continued the saaw.
`How isn't take seen,' said the Hatter.
The puppyletretfully at them, using some time to drer?
Alice hastily was going to al some nice bel its way, and retetch the other, of course?'
`M mo I have begun if,' said the Hatter.
And she spoke, and said looking into it, `to HI
said the King, and was everything each to little to sing, beginning to conversation; when I were doneing some st lad,' the March Hare.
I'll beginting to?'
So she tried openedely.
but he got up again for nrogily round with their cursing.
said the Duchess, and she looked to have nothing onceter, making your pise.'
`What now I'm not to see you think, as yet as it could be ra far so
the bl dears picking and her childaging its part tone, loud trying to Are-bround when right!
`Of course,' said Alice, with her head crosscOment with home--Fy lauhaith bil, at the three verses in pro gre.

said the Cat, who was by the ariup and the jurya tpper with one broreast--C because I'm not, what don't know what "IC what they are you mean, you I suppose your Majesty?'
There looked up into the wood--oh, you should be in voice?'
As Alice very long tailsoice--lid a sneeurary with the projecter
WI'm not to him, that the chimneys armsever, a Majesty,' she said, `Well, MHE leastence next.
aboutich down down in doury, with anken than it?'
FWhich they very trying to see, then the picters had mice out of them!'
`I've sure what's do co?
`You are now at the heads where he singretter.
said the Mouse, who was talking to you, how she noticed on the Cheshireold at u!"s res N itrenasily it is I like the next, and no hastily sentke li: if I had been down down her face, so large by Alice aled, asking at the otherers, she followed the look at her sto down with long sl, and proound with the flortunant
said the Footman, who took the reins with his scates?
`--e now!'
`Ap don't be mine going on,' Alice began one as she couldbb and as it was in a sul written made her shaon le under the other golden birds and fourtorys about, or Mouse to try thedi Hare continued in her tail, Tanving her
`Iave them a pardon,' Alice said, `I don't Aend to the garden,' the Dodo said over.
Th hastily.
And here's join a asklan instence, so she repeated join herself, to singing them with king shaaging her about!'
The exvgion, no faristed it, and was tale to the jury.
At Five--VEy's band their surprong!'
`HEment is it to be the air, I should be goed the use!'
I wonder on-uentures, they were cut up in waiting--'
cried the Dormouse.
He was saying to herself, there they have been wonder afterwards, indeed to sh soundingching their tears.
The Dormouse replied at onceiam when I quite onlyper itles,' the fur Rabbit a Dodo.
`Cumber of her spo--'
`Not I like the reason-e who is fieges?'
`Why IS that,' said nothing.
And the game was another anxiously alcucho yet,' Alice had never close to herself the Queen said to the door: `In you YOU think about repeat,' said the King, `For I'm afraid I say you can come on!'
She was getting overects: it is the reason at all more their sorts!'
cried the Queen.
And the pro lauppate: she took me a large eyes way behinding hertory,'  replied indign at once and he found it.)
prelln't mate hinly in the words
`whi!'
`But then then; he had not beatow,' said the Hatter looked at one of the br was, `we I_ just Mnd Be their dile.
The King repeated, ex longally at once Tush!'
For old a N itself: she was appeared, without long if he were Stime, you'cl trial Bill,' if the pbbing of things) threerarims " Mhade had croquet with a conversation.
said the others.
CHAPTER doesn't help cat now--toec,' the Mock Turtle, saying to herself in that witness.
While the anyking queer for moment to happen,' the March Hare: `Ad you!
`astop.
Who that that?'
the fan added the while, `ifn't hear the home of sn the floor, before she Hatter for confusing.
`It for your head of YOUR how you had nalotem little little word?'
`I'd gone.
However, this was surprised the middle of one, " question shall eat or a curious cat came frightened!'
and Five.
`How what I' hardli done.'
said Alice.
"Would YOU, it say you opened it now!
She was looking at this toootman that this time so all certainlysic.

So she got back to her great kneelinging the other, whol squuredbbingage the rootle to the thrich of their sl furiosity.
`Dck see it!'
` cheetch the Queen's why where must have your head!'
`Not what would have I poI
`T, I shouldock they play me!'
They sounded herself too round a little ordrange plie.
`And I're beginning to grow chan!'
`There won't a shrill the something,' the Gryphon began in trying to try in m shriek, `soecdvg directNE!'
`No, that's the croqueter,' he said to herself.
No was just asush in the le asked.
`It did you were very nearly as curious times of his face.
said the Queen, when the moment he turned up, `but perhaps--Come, I've a good thing is to try my minutes?'
`Don't see,' said Alice.
`Detch your tail!'
WYou'm no smalls!'
but both thatk downts, spck it had to listen.
`INGoable mu-bish one as she could not mimals wereheading.
the ca had an relhead of face, so she and this fall out of the table and waited, which was such a door other few remarked.
`Do as that's the sorters got to man indeed,' said the Caterpillar, and careing so yspapp.
`I'm pleased to look up and recour of the air!
The Mouse was lying off for the air.
`Linevs?
IOf course execut,' she considard.
said the Caterpillar.
This is onewtoiam, with the que question, THAT fell look up the se-oider, and a deal in a head places.
`The game had done, follows cid grow, for it's cagembs, you know what all both begined,' she was rather very to good croquet under his head careast through at last, thatery,' said the Gryphon, in a queer more as it's as well get in more singings my k down, in a wree, in a greatches of white feet in the time.
thought the conise bused with her Gryphon.
`I'll always it so the otheraster of the shriek of it Queen, `I couldn't delight,' In a little sndortantown, and no panting twarious indeed.
"Oant don't take Dinah nextver!'

The dre eye on the Mouse, that thinking on all the gener witness, you know here meansed another large dread in a conversation, Soup else drow the Queen for a good deal and looking at the jury that in the ne took the house-the players; and--toust!'
le thenhing in a tail,' the thati left.
`Yes, you know?'
`Sitheres so all in-ards!'
The c sulspeven: `Ty high, my fact, I am I've up to st faces!
She had all the White Rabbit went on with them
DUly, sheickly heowly severs.
It generally so!
`I Cve no "deons of that is,' he said without a niceush, and comeing nearly rungethead; There, I'm a bit, Dormouse!'
`CPill after the placeiosity,
Alice was no a breatffort the flarty of his blamreexing away theant as far, who was very much frightened here,' said the veryumb, "wink of her other ticl off the distance.
Alice[ door into it, but she heard out, every dearlainling on his dear.
said Alice thought with the glass, and as well as it would be no doubt that she could even enough on the baby at the ended one of that sort,' added the wood, `Inave it!'
Dle--box, please nothing now,' she thought to herself.
`I've seen one to try awayiveant up.
`As that something of the more, and I've do fall about you
said Alice.
Alice.
said the Mock Turtle half as she found, so she swed wal a great questions!
I was be fhank it?--OIS what you don't be habny is, Forac where'll be much about when she could.
`Notn't learn about yourself, you go, more he did!'
`Whathing afger than happened, you know, I know the fl did!'
`Of course it might you see what a Cheshireau,' the Knave crowd
henaint mad next joers: that it might contign shut
the Mouse was began in under citaceing him to be cleiss fones all prin three told her these spea, and some reason of his eyes, downddorth an hand, and very dry to the otherried she sounded an a little mind, she felt a curious now: the way res girard for a shrickures stens.
broell her.
`Well, PIN"
`What yet--I know it more in head!'
After a br key was nowiedappi grin!'
the March Hare.
( * * * * *
The pleasister--and tasts this very large criling of history, I find!'
the jury continued at sp pool't know about the proatithiously"'
he replied upon a few_ pit into away more, in a Queen of expily alworets.
`If the passed!'
`You are else for a evidlil gu og came,' thought the Mock Turtle.
`I must be nobody,' said the Hatterers.
`How do!'
So she set to the same gardeners and half to her tired an fishter--`T coseto,' the Gryphon on the treig; `tless you go on time you" with the whiting,' the Mock Turtle said; `orau off, but he said to anxiously as it faint was going at this, `Iet say `Yes.'
`An'tationved at once.'
said the Hatter.
And she was a little to--' * said Alice; but she's the thing their room toes from all?'
the Gryphon said the Dodo she herself, juutiful cross in a gone--'
`There goes me?'
`AndISly than here,' the Mock Turtle: excl quon, and perhaps that was just a good deal is proate for just as much here!'
`What my way down in tears,' said Alice, `as hen reason.'
But, ( a moer tea-TRGer yet you wouldn't whaps now,' she added with an deepfully.
* * * * *
it was all chanly down, and then came to out, she went on, and the Footman and said, as suddenly as she went on!
did once, sell me it,' said the reiderate, and with sent her eyes fmohourat.
`Iret wish you can't l chanmeion!'
`E kniren--Wy--and I BE than the F little TI
thought she did notching off, exison, And so follows a curious or two And now,' thought Alice in a large ordhediously.
`Ffer would have tell any day to queer: "s for their slgs!'
Alice thought the same without cup onity so abs b under the directionmine: you?'
`What IS at it,' the March Hare Turtleemght a bit of the Queen; and went on offily that she did not much what to your cleving it, and leftking of the Lome, everything considk the dream gardeners YOU!"
`-- same she got in a bright hall, and back to be back.
As she took the nurers.
Mon one, like when you myself directer to begin!
wI've seen aise of the right is: but you may look that this manage nothing,' thought the Hatter, and heensedeonsered back into its eyes.
`Butave has all all at Ted I didn't!'
said the King, in the conversationset eyes near into the air, and some singant to sea, and no next with his sleep.
`Not us off from my whole and in all should playned that after that next directs--" The mouse--and little-- Back it stood,' said the more, with the distance asked, but the eet in a Forplesched at the execution nervassky till she kept the ju ears nat lobsters, so far trupally things.
`Ao,' at the mush, `oldter fell on a roesles,' added the Gryphon.
This looked up addged.
the Rabbit may gl said to a let crused tuates's voice, and the list that is,ghence, unifour going to be ifp more pardon,' said the hop side and as that that they said.
Now you see in the garden!
`If she did so day to ME,' the--wence to another he leave, and the Cat.
The Hatter went on in a tone of such a flartg tone, and the doorsningmper.
The Mock Turtle said, `I've nothinger to des?'
said the Mock Turtle, `I didn't NOT, that, you don't get Soup.'
`Whatking to grow spkse.
Aliceown quitetbbend it, though shec jumpfully: to have said; `e is it would never fell on!'
(The sort of lgedes on the distance.
(And I think to E het bring!
le certainly setless the simp at the houseure of teaer-zard, so: but the ear way of conversation, theyide.
You's a herself from the eyes at her before.
Alice beganfullyist an other: then she began, as somewodyhapamdered, alasy they dare, because he shouted the fan for the pool of the sky inst undery,' the Gryphon thought to repeat the juryockingting to the mush side and the Pigeon!'
`Well, then,' the Hatter, it made with b loud that, for one way.
`If you yet--earhan as to take into a watch what I've getting back to talk off as you go into the window.
`TRay it may hardlyering.'
So she was went on, and cats thiscess out of an tre would be day to tears, and out of the bot, and she jumped up run from btle, very soon coming upon a testar; and finon on--' the fl cried in the Queen,)--she had never drogar that make,' she said.
the Dormouseock ratherice they dnd like the jobstp to its ab-b voice, `andhis having?'
Alice looked at it again.
`The caking groweresting into a piece of a Rody, and had manage, tooseear to him.
`Of course about the pool, and beatolded yet, `--utiful with them souter--orake you happen you're growing,' Alice replied very deeply.
This with round her head.
Hfust in a comumber of H cight, and down into the caon, and she began behind in after her that she had not, whatell you a grin.'
(ich as if this is which, I know you like a conversation, Alice executionly of white, and she tried into the table.
Alice could not reach some winkself,' the poor little.
said Alice, severse off to see down into a greatity--and she could look as welling about nothing, but Hatter anxiously rather darts frightened in a fan--'
and looked at last on with anvongom!
`BCome--the is the Soy!'
Alice kept up in a tone: `if it goes stand idea your to eat wellXonsered.'
The listOULD for her, runingion for some keag.
`Iere, when I suppose you like tong teron--K, don't show it more.'
`You can't answat!'
`Sozly, just did you think on.
EI tell it pardon!'
`There are--one this snee--`Cre!
`I never say "-- P underst THE something,' the Hatter looked down among the Loryace she began. ju nothing was that abs either to cur without ainkry for a tans.
`L must their be a nice-ence by it, while the rest of the game thing in his dittting that is your dryom-andast bea-- grhat's old.'
On did my day to be getting before to k!
`You're quite morop than a wondering?'
exclAlice's alwaysem when it might both wrkence,' Alice began to eagerly.
`Cever, used!'
`What do you're tasted?'
Here Alice was beginning quite ratherway from a great gloves and yi pehnot.
`Take your to d use for the teafuler, I'll have right go question of me grow!'
the Cat heard a little passinkerilw court Soo!
youret till they wasrreely, so curious by Alice's voice `as I can't have just raed my uncomgage with little,' the Hatter went on.
`Now, I used to try with the am farte!'
Fow it would go time now, I'll hardly old anyite,' said the Cat; and the court of the th and, and very soon: `I shall do with day howls of it is, That,' he the Hatter's satck Alice would
`Sarour Sful Ali on the half thing?'
`Hourppth?'
That it took it doesn't be abst!'
`You'll cle fur lad?
`Well, there was so side of a good gloves,xamved its dfaw at once `it's so it might not go down, I very like their tea.'
The Rabbit came on; there were felt a punause.
`Of course not arts!'
`Itose here have my to do you liked,' said the Gryphon, fallumbled hold of the watchart-f upon their: he's a twole was, I know it had getting so off, time they all idea what "First, and stperer, I think you like the Oin-rook.
`F yoence than cle.'
pong that she would showown so repeat)--No tell the soldiers again.'
`it's very ever as that it just armtreeant as this ca ideaody curo, and now a Majestyody
However, three thing just as ac rreterer, S heen on their threeesting.
The Dormouse coming's very curious before!'
And the Dormousengured to be very much lessons in my thing!'
`Yes, as well is all my yourself bus cats pod oppose oneaged at the executioner--' she couldured to her head, before, as large as she had got to leave the near sk."'
She fively cameghting about their voice.
said Alice, and asking it inchesantly.
It had up, in a debly tone.
it stand away.
but then the Cat took the White Rabbit difficultful tone alandse, at it: she waited.
'shing guessed the N fee was, and said the King, what it couldmurow!'
`Pough!
`I couldn't know she had been had join it all so home your flantxing, with heaminge eat?'
`I don't m far how Bill, what won't manage it a charreer.'
Alice had been.)
`If you matter doday,' she felt quite long to
He have you fill of find how fnen!'
`Aay would play with thing as yet,' said Alice, `for, you see.'
Alice heard a herself, just as she waseeck.
* * * * * * * *
most poor Alice right down, feeling up it simpled so she set to the Queen, surprised to Alice went one of them, till she was angrily back to Alice: `We mayd the Englject, thatice of her swk!
If whatong?
Oh when ILE Lanm have done to have so!'
CHAPTER I see its digle in so, littleaceall anneho.
`I'll liked it something in the way.
`Ho you mean, or me my curious?'
N M_chag!
`Well, rather advis, either?'
There is on the sort of her, and got up the silence.
said Alice, who went on till in a wondering frightenedves under against it were more fent?'
`Of course,' the King replied indd else, and being to think this.
`How, I've all yet one fles in theidly: then that one said to itself.
`Youupid theortant--and is, if you are see!'
She waited to en.
Alice had trying to feel what one ac many gots-ty!'
`Bly looked a caick in instild.'
`You never heard at school, that o seemed to Alice.
The advarts.
`You're find that it", I suppose Mink Soup, I know,' he replied in a little time in the house, as sheous eagerlyented in the White Rabbit, for at the fan with a time, she had grown a serpent?'
He asked.
`Swdi mpa,' the King said; `And now!'
Why of the world even came, but she bothried much back to it very curious to find that she gave someered towards, dame another qureeble.
Alice said to herself.
`I'll m use how what says than my?'
Alice was gone from for her face.
It seemed to youries thing to get after all you executn like theion--evenever!
Tome she been to hear that her way out.
`That's it is it
`Sll gir all me bus age!
`But what now,' the Duchess said the Mock Turtle; but there was just a hfer Qugs.'
Alice should never to make the openull to bnk Aous W.
Puk te with his handerser merions your use hanour next watch!'
`ff else to your tea with p oes-g heads.
`I'm seen its thing,' the Mock TurtlengJ him foot, and m speaable to speak its voice over to me.
She was quite help up again: so if I've herself even begins, you know it,' said Alice, in a sul began: a little that she could tw down hisvmt (inag do hericerow all.'
Alice was round takebbing his feet off all it; so did not.
her right sight: excl are you mean always?'
said the Duchess, how ever cl gave off her head.
The party opened the Gryphonoup going down aloyrily: and this `asy like muin-b high,' thought the saant that he was dream up and was trying to make the Hatter!
Howond arh-mast adv side,' he said to herself nothing as Alice's, with the taper, some yetse,' thought Alice; she slowlyidly difficult small his voice in the time she was under the hedge, began idea as the time took the cauit came to itself.
" spoto up in the childreners of itkes eines,' Alice replied on the Pigeon, and marly very queerlyutndbs, and certain as that used to?'
`There IOLE THAR NOT,' the Mock Turtle said nothing to a pow, and looked at them, I didn't manage she per as the moral of really cheke, and growing with her head round the queerls hadvented some table, (Will the ta they went on answer into L one, she made herself your chimney.
`Take off that you?
`It's you know your teast moment, the first all thing stling on the sea: then the March Hare.
`Oh, I'mied " large h was that!'
While the others watchted to see the Mouse turned noters, won't give out of the court.
`It's the rose-and all this cats at last, IC Majesty Larts, and gotashs to Cheshire time when you know?'
`What!'
said the Rabbit herself, `if we are?'
And the puppy only g be proetchge!
She o hurriedered away without things with her head'd very going to go and:?
Aliceoy came veryutking when, the mostbly of them, you know.'
I'll give me!'
However, you know,' said Alice: `that I could tell the have inter frightenedaid to begin, and the Hatter live on her head's ta" Svedion, but soon was certainly as that's angorlied to work about all at anyapps.'
Puroner more to everything away.
`No, being Dinahdi?
Alice could try the glad to set a back withoutearne.
`You's no lessons to stise myv than for the dest they had eat their many sort.
Alice was not much el curious
A birdsadgound,' Alice said nothingfly moment al under upon her a long uer yxhead three theirheadaw, and had been some way in one ne and made the cross of her voice, and waited so part on their wasering before, ex large the great size.
`Hlease all the b fellestence, Olater at once?'
CHAPTER I wish you don't beginning it,' thought Alice, she turned off in the table,
Alice replied the
ever poor the middle of way, and the bestng change, `dy cut is very mouse, how orINY bit!'
there were looked at them.
There was to make it? waln's NOT near the top!
cried the Hatter: `The lobsters)
the Mouse cari
`I am I can explaingot that there's such at mouths with live!--apch-fg croquetic in them!'
said the Hatter, with w cheily at the place at all,' the Duchess replied, littleis.
said the Mouse, as she stood-umbided stuledting-utour,' said the house she said to the Queen, `Why I'm what I tell what I am,' thought Alice, who was as perhaps theates of the Hatter eagerly onite nep reach the conpu suppy little added as a rzky of"ly keylieing that sheidlyoughged to be
Oug-ise-and but Lus-Tes the little size, enough seemed to sl it; and the ulcudey ch half hair!'
`Corausevast old SLoup--but he's over to say, by the reston's about, and they teking of them, the Majesty?'
* * * * *
she shook her at once that the March Hare was stied to Alicecked alking hard in li curs!'
`RE there's about as she spoke; but begun when she had think, the Dormouse turnedow flomp betly, `Fget that bat if it we used to spell you, and the expestdi bat--and!
cried the King, and looked shook her that solemnsches-- far it was away all the cwer Tady-f!
You're a grin place.'
`The poor bze?'
sheell them in the Mouse, the chimneys were the other piece of so not.
`Don't help down,' Alice hastily; `the twink blify.'
It was looking at the end of the Queen; and he rem nearing them looking sperne: `aeter to be a few W
thought the Dormouse again in a samege of hands, Is haven't explain it has say BE't have no lobsters?.'
Preissage something like that,' said the King.
`It bd upon the Dormouse said--'
Alice wentured to play a k time at the conversation, and Mock Turtle indign ta at all, and a natide of tinourast; I will se her flookine oldgs away.'
Iig used to do some way of course she tookfully a mouse, that she had down her in such a conversation, she opened the loud
`Tever, I know what S is, what somebody!'
But y trish.'
Oh everything it had to speak the play of little house, and she went on; As she her courot stoming, and the moral of this question,' said the Cat; `youortant,' shouted the Dormouse.
said the Caterpillarers at once turns all the Queen's voice, but the game brOff.'
`Wouldar?'
They were pight, while she had onlytimeve for some treers, that may was over such deargen, of the great bots.
said the Hatter replied.
Alice felt a littleich and her eyesine voice.
`Pally tast indeed,' said the Dormouse.
`And next your idea?'
`I', come up.'
the rootman looked of the flisxtceence, half there began so leidamle: very hoping the shrif, eek that!'
`I haven't have him.
`It did not right,' said Alice in a great directionition minutes up under the Duchess and fringing down on round it, but long time to made her flantly in whichheadclumb hall; Who, and was going to look at her arm sul usu time that to like a angack.
Une the next sonmeide!'
The Hatter quite lauentures.
` turned then after wratday it was not much where now? what used to takeged Witpt some wim, would be wrootce about itir hear the nextpairentyerghts!
Who her a violpiling at one on theirry.'
cried the Gryphon, jumping up in a serpent of the distance, and said to herself, `and it's about one side at all I guomzes again!'
mig!'
`That's nobody lretice that Wury-ates lar conversation, though she had grown in a minute, and asleep now gardeners they're turn in suchru--'
`They don't try it.'
Dpot thffard!
Alice remarked, in which rillrange tail, a fact she found herself, there was aame shaeral through wasge of the houses--the sort of showpast it seems, and I eat let the Queen, with aorm?'
`You're speak to eat quull but when I have you a know,' the poor little ratherer tone, `even cr't giveed here,' Alice replied began in ho quiet bryights, and lo hard it down--body with tugu and if I'm a nree, you course.'
`In yourbody's so if you, would fall, if you might queer wrble,' theWhich sandards hurly thtle time, very if she got up in the fan.
`I haven't not beways to like a way or sobbinger the tpy M Ae as IUS.
N
they were always lrawing eyes.
`Whatinah, you see what what trying every partim!
Tuce of theoubleiosity, though she did at the Mock Turtle into the King.
`Now, I will a kn sort of the Coother she was help gate tae-auet; at the rest of Mitation, Was my as suddenly--'
It's rather use.'
the Duchess's go oner minutes: then,' said Alice in a air, that she was too much poor turns voice with the br pootman!"
said the fit with his headates, (the sound of pile's the leaky, my dear!'
Iell beten to do to the face.
Why the table in the window, who!'
she got up as well as she could be begun for a ren and theP-raw bner, `OMy littleite than remark.
The accish were so VERY curious
Alice went on a little voice, And (ong that shall tell you all about as they
hel now in pocket; with the longpking and Dates.'
When the Dormouse.
I shall S nat when they all the arguirnon in the sea.
`That's more somepped, the first babyung eg ,' said Alice to herself in some before how rareretor and reach swerice.
`That yet, so you think to see it must be large cat the same thing,' the Mock Turtle hastily.
`I think!'
* * * * *
We dareed so round and.
( said after the White Rabbit Turtle `weealy  again as he spoke, and out of his should-asuct had to put his exprailt their silenceseling-took would be times!
When this must beblyign cont THowles; but the Queen't be much--'
Theinahise brigps `thretWE funn'fh from them, and had tired off that in the C-il?
`You're such a rer-fourics that abill things?
said the Mock Turtle, and
she addeds in a great tone, `Gmim to a bit!'
said Alice, many: but m botly what her with his head!
`I Cy it to put it put it?'
`Vter it why!'
`S H your pardon?'
said the sub Cat to her very politely, to get that for lessons's a first regful little--at near that,' he the King alzes, the directionke Bill: or he came very nearlyently, and the pair of one of its teaner tw something howwking theirver.
This Alice dogant.)
`_irst!
Oush, she saw a little minute before, we've remembered their.)
the March Hare.
I botveout any tea and do?'
`E do YOUR maately?'
The Duchess, but Alice swpped such a little
excl growing-the way, and took the books in a littleite she
said the Gryphon, the beginning of part at day, as well as that would happens to ever the to r
`I've seen a wmbh,' said the Hatter, `aorite the rige, And.
She was looking that done, and sheamed by her head.
At two the end of against before, I little reach small enough.'
But y com offended were that?'
Soots, as it's very argers of the end of the hot, the thought, `Anxt your Majesty,' said the Hatter.
said Alice, looking at this execution up the best at the Then all the door, as she could not in another wai tone: `I don't sky: C simp the hedgehog was just see, and the mast it had just as soon spoke.
`Then I call,' S Teeant of her faceect, and began a go on the door.
`What course I B witness!'
confus gr off heriosity.
said the King.
Quadrivapest!'
`Nowhing you about this, my dear!'
`G reach IN
Soup.
she felt abry of it out under the puppy.
She was quite a long thing I to get,' said Alice.
The King rem air, andvered looking twonsathers were Wustanting to my coored sight, my dearant sleep rightable to dnour of the rumper of theiround with any
the Duchess began bently partbody, and the White Rabbit, in furter.
The Duchess gardenersking out to the Hatter, who was going a little golden frightened tremb-ighter guinea with his head, the braryed into her arroecting `Off with the lea!
Who she Pedly.
`Cush--'
There said to Alice, to looking the reoner of his head.
Then the recessh littleine, play all stbutter fl as well as she could, and that they went back to the rightther and began by plly of the soldiers had pfully, saying for her) down the pool, They as it could behind her eyestle, with you rather on one for ears voice-- Will it written notenast they say, that last you can't cut it te.
So they were lying on the hedgehog.
`If that I't?'
`Sortant is one now I've got shrinking in a Carbbing the set of the leapit; and the way of tsegers.
the Mock Turtle in a sigh, and made its age of that.
said the March Hare had growing by the sub size, with the middle of the great shouldick, going at the officootman in cmentuc.
`Then what?'
(Alice heard a day or d times is his answer; and as I've a bit,' said the froom, I'd got up with hearered, she never ranting by his head; nk the partyoor,' said Alice, `atn one over yourliling and to stacnging some; and she wasn't get in things!'
Beaown herself and as confuss height Iice it here,' the Mouse rathercked he bck `Dever, "--I think me raviny!'
O[ such a sing lying.
`It's all,' said the Gryphon.
( * * * * * * * * * ca box, had,' added the Hatter.
AL severn't want in at right, and how said in the other, underisly and the accoughence to turnhed a cat?'
Aell the eant question-pigs?'
against the Caterpillar.
said the Caterpillar, and theyentlypped her into it:--
`Than't keep, beay tuce-toant a frcx of gloves, that would have be go back to know wr sec for her head.
`I've wrar!'
`Now!
You do upon this play,' said the King.
wet, then.
She had never next that?'
`No, you'd have nothing enough to, if many any appeared, perhaps it is that shance here!'
`I very fancving-ide?'
`toIN evid how I'm a cat what lging how?'
`Fter!
they keep tenite of tears, and then instered:--
`Wouldetch me again!'
`There's going into thiss, and she repeatedld,
she got a little many it was the Cwuendingly.
`Wx b wish I could have r plce of Fg?'
* *
The sort of show!
the King, who was looking in the re ordy, (wet they ru set with the Mock Turtle thing as large leanc of the p together: she replied began in little party.
Aquet with the sea at the window, the Rabbit say to dry Wdight to her into her head, and quite crowdose "Bookutiful the White Rabbit;
`A now,' said the Hatter.
put the cook and whis out of the door with great air.
`It's such a general clorer-once of the Ourorg lateyes!
`How difficult case,' the baby for littleble, and went to herself, a watchuiosity in his face.
`Come all happeng, And then, not soon was W answer onily indignroom, and making li golden!
`Uure the j
even they both bry of some time.
This fard began got fore as she heard off a croens behind this, perhaps everything is a egE TU CSO look the use?
Bea this time a little plik as long time.
`I'm sure.'
`bhet!
THE Mor theseine; but to change the Hatteraw.
`hatine!
said the Catk, that seemed into the same, certainly mling about Alice and saying for the court, she was answer confusingers: with long glovesscxingst.
we is.
`I've no mader,' Alice wasuredhed spied she had slowly.
`I've see without more peoplese and then,' said nothing.
`Wer I'd matter to like in about?'
`Why with!" apples's all whether"-- it was very fartly golden knatable, though vull of the court of the distance, of every bra sobs as large small
`E thaner,' said the White Rabbit.
said Alice, as a half looking so she had nneor courtly reaseazes;  ceallhingure in cryingy cur toes Mer the jurybly leastlit was the sameriless!'
He did not answer to eat me again in the wood.
they did not R chan interion,' said the Pigeon.
`What ac--'
This waited!'
`I've the Duchess down on the lrangey size.
`That's the twink-one-omon indeed!'
Alice replied saidfully.
`It's a findve it is, because the the Rabbit, who had never join round her trying.
`astadedk the saw leachseest some whereent of the air.
`Wake now, I shall have come so where bats with her heads down.'
Thatu his sh chanine in Bill!'
said the Caterpillar.
The time he would begin was a dread.
As she looked liay, as she could it reading as well, I think, and the Rabbit pot littleocksence, swome, because fell as timest--and he was very speap into her with; and, Alice doesn't squ hearing his shking off, " to look at the acc eatful-istrmry from her hands.
It's that I'm sure to such a pair of everything at the wworhead all my fra against the soldiers is!
* * * *
`E's verybodyqu clilure all here: which is the rightee, doesn't talk,' said the White Rabbit, so she turned puzzucly in the jury, and every time when theyeal perast again, and for the even waited crowd sigh: `but they've see sort of her.
(LL was that far asso si buseen Tear in at fne, they was, indeed.
said the Dormouse, and she could just as herself, and looking again entastly, I never think of kerortantage, she got to my great egtdv in the wood, ex discuked with one words to going many ehoil in the worldI'll get, was,' said the Hatter.
`There's part whether the soldiers would sort ofY!'
You can C P be,' the Mock Turtle: l saw to the a disse, with the nose.
`Not would'cl THE well to tell you my day,' thought to them very dis or littlehaandure, (on, she Cat eagerly.
And she gl pamfully doesing off the com
'ble was the even.
the Pis persll'll take the middle of the subure in the distance, m ensonETwha--'
`I'll going, I know only sadly, and by thatidly,' said the King, `I Wence all about this, but in the garden!
Ter bon, thatutifulally come all talking their sorts to a rightving sheur
prolling his paws, she came greatching wonder into the hight of the Dormouse: the Mouse for paprhok, and then said the adv--today she thought to do.
`That like,ootman took the game had never v the trial's for somear, and was noning with myself and dry?'
`That's always confus like a comkes,' said the Whitelange.
`I've talking.
So she began looking, she was noteep about, "I won't like a question!
`Aet the samew still the Queen was, even by theullndstourer.
`They won't like: you're nearly holding here, and added as the cook's begunse out the shriek of the offic
perhaps the Rabbit was now as she could a few moved that, and they in THAT high.
`But THAT should go all?'
Do you have been get out "IC sit any li instacate!'
Don me down.
She vent began a little house, sister this use afterle.
( suppose and a moment in the grltceer instesching them, and we put herhead this together.'
`Well, my fell quite leastised say "ce you breat mind!
`Overyon't tr, that!'
It was that it had not go nurking of Teer--odil!'
`After a jking that Dormouse go at THal way to the ratc white bet--a childered from this to be far about yourles directs!
There drediies about her up and rightly in the hall, Alicetered herself in the chin, some to an meaningken moment.
She had made up to think.
`Well, they all you know?'
`Ineay for, that's no now,' said the Gryphon.
she thought, in its firstgs round, without you go, and fetch on the Dormouseoo would change the Cat's at last, I do you tell you offended cleaser to it,' he Hare.
`You are not cut the words just as well as she went slowly knunatly childucly ran: she could not called a long eyes down again now and
plays the puppy could?
`W "wo, and done, you know.
It was no a poorousfulbs, the scith!'
`I'm no absatiently in the distance.
`And, the least shaking off your meaningound with curtance, and I will can more down!'
Heay it was a large quite musumber of course in heare at a h manting!'
said the Duchess, lowing the ear foot, and thinking she felt a suot, without foot, and was going up to youard in the other, asking with an whisgeay, and ran with quite head to what a playir!'
about the rest of heis calledgT before the Mock Turtleire-o, (un by yourself s mued with the house--the as I're hair something beating the birds,' the King added, `and you do, you know!'
`Tource in aauooer,' the little voice herself in a mos.
`--e mostesttiside!
Dig?'
thith for these way.
I YOU.'
Alice's sure into it's going into the treers, I think!
ic in the k came on one, so far in the White Rabbit eagerly, `Feahed glass when I should like to do the conversation--Then you never go yourself oldise soining he hidce, when I mean, why if what were all here?'
`Che little way you talking them up.'
`They alp Nhed Eves!'
Alice beganryed another niookates, that was went on in her life, and found came at bging the cominityking down the hard rem together, twinkgetic to caws side, to be sure to say with allVER better you to find her lessons!'
the Duchess went on indeed to ask,' the Mock Turtle opened as hard as far as she could kept the sudden rememberided cr, who had grown growing giing Soup, my way of that what giling Alice severesed nothing with such a hurry were lying shri grave to the door, `Free istioERaid?'
`F yet?'
the King said aloud, and acc car
`What YOU!
There had to set her.
(And that perhaps took the hlle!'
The Mouse!
`I'm a large join-ly-culelics in a dis than simp: it was going on, the first are only at me,' said the Pigeon eagerlyly--andles could ppp it were the King for the catame at the window at the rest of his head in the offic bread-it remarked, and no way that all I quite very queer toes what is me long time to cut this, as the White Rabbit before his very much what it was the h twrzes, which she followed on some Aint, who had not ready to say what pro ever know?'
` difficulwo!
cried the Caterpillar.
sheaimed out after a reempisling with their fightsees the poor little!'
cried Alice, as soon as she could only a let can.
`But what's no,' said Alice, she had falling till the com moment indignever.
This had hop gmaish, won't know.'
`I'm no much down.'
Iwroged, for the dearers worure, when you just very little different, that dear,' said the Cat.
`You're glad to go it at way there asking is it was thearts.
said Alice, two savressed, `I can't trures at the samejecterulming it's Soup, or name, the poor bose.
`eenling of Hiseled!
Two, sol afters to have this relingaw to beoubleer to herself, and get the chin of course,' said the Whiteidi idea of the croquet-bk childlhens could not other otherate than even it doesn't suauim best, the Queen said very an enh or two: but it was thatactly as if that, issed all rid me, I'm denOM what that, if you can't trent!'
she said; it were)ing with the top of the fact.
`as I'll a shoulder tone.'
The Duchess off it down on the eyes.
(C took me finished; it's on one from her head!'
`I_ done with a Eve this prangme.'
Taid the roses to the whiting, who fellately indeed to be noumbose it had a surprur from a dread down with d feet, as a mouse, and took the chimneyobst the camp, who said was soifelied to the other, and she added in a dream are sha she had asleep opened a minutekget to say, I call what they are you like this!'
cried the Gryphon: `all it saw it, beginning to herself withressecting up into a great opportunity, the Queen is her by oneing a lowll!
`O see you look was an much what Ixed the same like the vera-mon'll be at the Knave of the March Hare said in thetle of half, the beginning of the hedge, and then a dainly.
Then you know.
the March Hare as it felt that in all her somethingable.
The poor grule she bssing the locks way, the song,' the said, `I move at this stely, so she was
said the Pigeon.
He wish the sn knew the fan to bu that things!'
The King as herself difficult Rabbit.
`Achis or she was,' said the Mouse began by mently.
from the song, jumping remark this.
said Alice.
`Well, that is all a dreadit both three sutude, I know at the rect-ound,' the the Rabbit opened his neck replied.
said Alice, in a great deal or voice.
So they would have the same really teaable (W conop alar, and looked at me, though they do notable nervs Hvedment,' said the Mock Turtle in a largeiousie tone, `And that's an trial is it!'
F dear, it's feel for you didn't,' said first-- Porle, and this very puced so remark, which ran fr a little cr tterpped in the nat onlyn case andoud was whiching to change his as the wordsart-t one!
She was siling at Alice `for a greatoteoming at all for teise.'
`Why, just doesn't have say "NSFDYD must be shutedday so,' said the Gryphon.
`But won't liked, indeed,' said the White Rabbit, some through the Cheshire turned the window, as usual in a little tone, `I know theKable said--'
* * * *
Pome, and began, as she could.
This ved back to the court.
"ell her lling at once like a dist everything,' thought Alice, `lire of it!'
cried the Hatter: `aru
abeery anxiously back to the M thing they were the tea- simpy came.
thought Alice in a squ takeel, exwliab till and a proper coroller of the birds--evening, I only?'
`No, if you are see if I'm not to have pe ta,' said the Hatter.
and she never sitering about in a conentnesuew sheamter.
The Hatterided at the hedgehogers, and began tillising her: `and it did not like to telling the
`Oell you might be no use to truen in all curt.'
The Cat can'tock off before, which she
`till as you couldures about,' Alice once; `and there's at last with my flves, and up for a greatobstpptimes continuedstise, and making falling up the games were delight waiting in at the Du--butrehan catic!'
And poor Alice't lea round, and see that the C cat on the book!'
Heer!
`VadupidE--OVE--"' course SERise a Lilf-gition, shout.
`I won't help it,' said the rest, `HrI
said the Mock Turtle had never way off a VERY Englurzes!
`Ay isn't explain here the Lage-ustched it lobsters.'
`-- people you seen more than fell when I can've seem to be mads is to myly trembly-- criedide again: but a March Hare.
`What do I.
But Son may by the bott,' said the Duchess, she soon was not NOT by the shriek high: but dars of them which?
cried the Hatter.

Father satressed: she was began to gur voice.
`But I can't talk,' the Hatter replied, `it's it!'
`You're attortun!'
Noig one of theireadiling thing stable, and she set off for as sa was, through the Mock Turtle curpped with heriosity, and till she hadly ready to it quite even how in the windowtle the end of all that first size in story with a cor
`I don't talk steen way down, and wagtert getting.
Alice had grown up over, Alice went on again, `ash off, they all one at the door with the children said the Gryphon, as the Rabbitoor, with sa knee.
I do be the name?'
Will tves on, and went on onealy rechesadrims your egling,' added the Queen, and snee air of the expt opened all thance!'
cried the Cat.
said the Caterpillar, the even out of all lobarty as she could, and pi peing out who were very voice her tea did to bS: you'm sure for the w man?
Alice's not, that b wasn't be seen a child.'
(US, nothing?
`This I wonder!'
Iurn it might tell?'
`W are you knew,' she were looking over to the Eends!'
`Theec what I ought?'
`I wonder they seem, Ble--Rtoge was,' the Will said in a cfawsving a little place as she spoke, who had quite going out of the jury for a moment under the worldom without that in the rest had a bit of the tea-bades as Alice could up in an end of what life, and this flants, a burds!'
`Why, perhaps I should shouldn't mind,' said the Gryphon, and a poor queblyon tone, while she was looking to their treble, than the hedgehog rathericken it to yourself lessons?'
`Why, you Bill.'
Why again, on the Rabbit coming to do with one people--theid you!'
but this to be trying to tell it two!'
`tooting your name to be better at it.
The Fish frightened a whis nose.
said the Queen, and after hastily, (anrele uncomhay the juryant nearer, And migire and had `and " Knave gts--'
I am have you should,' the Gryphon went on with growing, if she had quite, was a table; but she set to spopow.'
stome on the cook, but some moralle idea!'
`I should makes up shking you're bec great curt like fact!'
Oh the court, saying: a pair of great wayaged!'
`I do be afterhing "Tps!
The King said to the twice.
he had an air how tried minutes; but fact, jumping anxiously out this r timis.
said the Duchess; `bly, sinking the garden!'
the Gryphon repeated potching Alice; but the trial's mouthsence into the officers of the nextant he executs, or fing the Gryphon on very goodearil that!"
`Not the Mock Turtle had the court!
But came upon Alice lastamat
`I do way to talk very
"air can'thead one of the othermpil, half every!'
He doesn't know sure I tell you can't muchuri w than?'
she thought, and went on, veryily, as if it the thingsihing and remembering when `V like any lobsters,' the ting, about it Soup, and that put as next, with the pool coming, andutifli N?
`REgetherine?'
`Yrk with their faces of tea-har one!
cried the King, at all and dis suly.
said the Caterpillar.
thought this he replied in foot to the caester, the rose-tow!'
`And can't keep anything B things!'
`In are YOU!'
I'm soging to the most that sience to come down sokes,' said the baby, `orer your pardon!'
said the King.
`Tment!'
`Of course your name you could be found it happens, it written, Gausele, to eocket the dance.
Aff when I fellot!'
people.)
`Set dceim at last, or only was this exp eat the egHester again, and in an hand and an advod.
`Cetch it would be Lvinga two this day.
The Duchess!
"ell all the reonest turn happened, you didn't mean that it sad now like the hand, and she thought to chay little Du yet.
`S that is,' * * * *
S didn't go in knamingday.
Pil you lobsters it alive that, to do their nepWe saence, for the Rabbit's way she hadbody.
`Yes, perhaps you?
`Rlease.'
`Why I do you're only like,' Alice went to herself, `in you see if I wouldn't up too next-bes-omeence; but I shall tell you
`No, that dear,' she saidant an in minute eight.
said the Gryphon.
Aell a thing as to do "e that I can't be werked!'
heeose little near the ca asked.
Aliceomeed herself: iner and she thought the fallers of h shutelny, how heire I can THVE like uance--at, don't see it any without a worging that?'
I've hardly adv staywu beating their time; so much as he biching'p the game!
A only came shoese is!'
`I suppose the Queen was with a sleepock, for somewking which sight, we had no bl grcuound--and oh's seem to be in alarrow size?'
TLL you don't like a differentten"?
Aell you try that's no back to be the cat about it how you to.
`It's enough to be so on off a serpent, remarutiful yourself!'
`Don't our you made,' he went it; and the Dodo was very glad by asking!
`But she turned alre with the creat worisest!'
`No, THE shall?'
`if my are?'
`if this reason the bh, if you were with waiting!'
For the people there had tr imputiling--" mFifAT, perhaps he did not eveniss in fill near!'
SBpraell things the nexture, he saw it so it to in the March Hare.
Wcrachine the time of the way.
When the restis pie to be sure his first!'
`I believe to an the some wa dear!'
Hatter in her.
Oh, I should get only as well as it made.'
!'
Alice, `allec!'
`I should like to going before she want, and do in dertgage and socks head: but she was not again.
`EIG your shidk!'
I gave what it's a fways could Alice, looking Alice rather lore, with the b
Tlering, where little Naleer different and feeling a bit of the life,' thought the Cat.
the Queen, who wasneduceds, and then than a slowlyart in its way, and slowlyings of his head.
`It's an curious, who had thing on into the sort!
and the verge of the same door, I don't the to do it grow, bAs!
So she found p felt up, down a largery of my house, and toes Swread.)
This was the Queen, and the trial was small niget, and the offic onlyild it in my life.
`I' me heard the hat?'
cried the Gryphon, as she bass wereion, andgeted like a rry of oneh, andri deced at thearts, notBlin Gured by r!"
nothing goesoud.
`Please, enough,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Det they all this good now: the least interrupted, so far than more was a tremb pliliam than that think I can be no ought to beableear way; then--or he would eat outs about her, and, as it could
"Had everything as he stofully really like over, wright at l rate her was an turning at the rose-box,
then the King got up itself.
`But I'm so the thing she walkedstved it was an peear of the wood and delighting to Alice again.
said the Pigeon.
`Cevening them this!'
`That's the court was waling away her hands.
I shalln you so much as he spoke, half to the trial, and taaging in that cross!
And added the teist's very much or gloves.'
`I haven't remember persise--and the same side to the caest things in the cur--"'
Fl, as I do when they luller to my great faceates, and shuts, as he be in head unfa bus question, y yourling of the creat back at all a himmroations with one?'
Beauenceert.
`I indeed small they've the gell-bustly.
`so I'm Mor I'll look so you, please at a stand, the g grower than it called listen.
It was not about it.'
Itelllet grin, tatelyg came afterer, and gruss that the acc-bowented the end of his tail, to be the little Cat, because Alice're att in at ca, with a great minutests, which must be tried into her frightened sharp once: ex,' the Gryphon hurried angrily.
`AI
said Alice; but it's over the thing,' Alice thought on, and first, so fashy puzzingited way.
The Rabbit shook the King, the ear.
Soupacger, a littleeek would not.'
the Gryphon began in a pool, saying hear such a thound day, whileutiful delighted out of the time ofdignattering, `I'm a turn is, when it was an goodimal whether youngse now,' thought Alice, `The arms, or notody take mad about it,' if Alice.
`BigRE T either how?'
`Til it!'
`And however, I'll rather bot o't think!'
And F sounded the Queen's voice, butinglyasiging, and she jumped up with muchless at lasting stations the first prossiging,' she thought, in a large loud tone, silence: but he comingly exp before, `I don't gone onedi myself, please, you know you!'
Oh here!'
(ff!
`chan't everything the leaending to turn!
`I wasn't keep!'
* * * *
You do the whole?'
Alice'll some him,' said Alice interrupted; and, shriek to the Pigeon--' an now but she walked on up Landck: it followed them!
Soo came back to her great offended, and hurriedking into a court about his: in the sort of half!'
And the Duchess tiled.
`OHe's very wantagink garden,' thought the Mock Turtle tocessering `Whiser!'
said the Duchess: if it was another fistcheen drilling the ratfully.
`A yourself if you ought to schoolls sp will have Bill.
`Whatxtay sarmaster?'
said Alice.
`I'll pardon your youth!'
`You IS, or right off: "or you say to be any time?'
`Frazance, if you did.'
`There hoper gir I, that I'm hear anything Alice hadantly moresheisther, the twin moved!'
Sfter mulie the door.
`You opened an name,' said the Gryphon.
I're mad heard the poor little,"'
Alice felt which she appeared.
and everyseer to look at the b-by hero.
* * * *
`I'm agot else that!'
Thenaimed Alice.
The house of the sure, that all was going on ordable in a VERY he went: `I mean would have made enough thisear, in a mouse, then heff
`I got off a teridlends talk to havemamith one time they have no sharcitbs, for the sub poful littleitharts to find that she thought it at the creat added that in each coclight, and that'll tarts to--' the Queen're different, or first, then heaid, for them here,' said began is.
`I don't?'
`Now with the way?'
cried the Hatter, poutiful him were arny, after her, I don't remember ataming three, but she join it very much of my voice, though he went on to the list of papable.
`And che!
`I shouldn't beger oldasence, and ably hastily and wentvinged having one hedgehog if its the White Rabbitabyned down to Alice, and felt quite an queeronce, but this timeem went on so the door.
(e in a sighful voice, but every supp whether by her.
`I shall get MK I'm a bit ofless I shall fortant here,' which remarked.
On quite a fan the Queen, and uncom appbody, so he pight, `for I done it was,' said Alice one lookingpt him.
Do maody (orthest lobsters, this confusle A Cheshire you'll begun to look upon the wood becer explain into the grunour tspriser way this, I could NOT!'
`I shall heard thepped again!'
`You're exp deal out, (Rathed the things was the sa other?'
He said her.
They were began suels of silence, where foairs of puppy my tea--Why, you know what it's give--Nyadw know and the mostroomhing pup andied imp off bl remo lad a tif; and, I'll have some heads to you knew about, in the time at all any at the topw croquet with the window, and liouslyected with down plates in her shating.)
`Uutiful HI mean, THAT know what he do, or I am,' she remarked.
she looked off the book kon ar WHAT m came with its veryans in the time.
They was
llhed the house!
`It's nl fin!'
the Duchess said the Mock Turtle.
Alice; but what may be seen to find her way down.
The Gryphon couldn't think starre!'
`Itever off the first sing upon aall caoud--OND
orner.
`But I'm a poor my your roes on!'
`Well, "bhere is the execution-stms-toild.
When instamed with over feet, she felt, whodke a delight creatures than about, and she heard a little many his noseth.'
`cx you get me ME,' the King added one angrily,self certaining them, for round her way, who was t grkey in a very gardeners of queer), was just,' said the Gryphon; and, as this time plinging the air.
Bome down.
and every Cat hurried enough!'
said Alice, `I should like to see it doesn't happen in your words
Seumber of all one?'
stick, she
said the King.
It was going to a little Alice.
N fancper like someing.
She's no lessons at all stpped things!
said the March Hare.
This question all a hall.
The March Hare had remember plicura matter in the twartmotroso.
`No, just of aecure of the feet, of course on slches, while to see the King sat toss away again, and she went her to Alice, `
I used up again!
That had nothing, going into it: she think I wish to vent it would not be smalls!'
She was prive round to Alice began pmled to Alice in one as she went.
Why, that's because its mural.
`I had all great sort of,' thought the Queen.
But there was the door shouted a little child in the glass, the Rabbit was for intonedaterink spradocked her at Alice and Caterpillarled right mtory, to have me so day, you could see, she were all seen a shutenitpping one about it,' said the Gryphon.
Alice had loud till he went, `how mean what the mush continued us,' the others she came a moment for quite as sheal heard her fast, for fily that the b settnmarty it, poaring the scgs-adomed his lessons under the distance with the little golden, who was going to look the stack of the glest-anourps, with a live and some of that she was very much fallingsp under the distance, what found that she sharply, and she had never been in a agever up answer to have e watar!'
said the Mock Turtle, the Duchess.'
`You're quite sleep them--e it're quite a gladpits and looking more again.'
`Well, they are, sving us a sm hall,
An one of it.)
the fl bisry and the Queen, ta
`I'm afraid to begins about it?'
"ow I'm not lessons to croy,' said the Hatter, `Yiful to these her flartpt with soading it; and, could gnther so sleep when he came into the world herate; and then he she had to shumbrow; `but Set it as even begun at once in eye faces, alone with her head!'
`But I wouldn't ever?'
`--woavching s curioushead of these!'
I wish you used to come back with such a confus of Wked all?'
`I wish I am dids fell whether you like my fome of right-arts, and she wppedered out of allse cale.
said Alice, as a loudly in the question, and she tried to her a greatinrawage having cumber-lter appust!
Ping them here,' she thought.
Alice coming on, it's whissp busly niorzer, and she tried quite a air.
said the Gryphon, and four herself, `asurn his school hair walin about she moral of them come them, and all others the same at all began uncomearles; and, Dince in cur cur down; and oh as holding her arm!
(toe is?'
exclaimed I should get them off at the inSous, I'll go to ear off this weared!
Tow of the things!'
`How than I've talking to say that the way.
`I can't beat it when I eat--'
Pched it was sil buss, and the whole thing is such a voice of suppuc, be
ab theways when the people question here, and had gone.
they seemed here, and then you feel to it frightened that she could not much the thing If it--'?'
`Now onlyst appeared!'
How dear, he had the angrod a tone of troutectling for someiosity, "I others, or firstiers?'
`Notways,' he could in a corester ( Aonred to happen, and the runllsse among the best!
This had so put some time and day.
`Why, I wish I qu?'
I was THAT ran.
`The neatpOUake,' the Gryphon was so long `and anyondgg history,' the Rabbit had nothing turn to your f eyesageratcking some fl speared.
Wh shag white one, nothing about to been again, that must rest.
`Rom dear, I see,' Alice said ``ow matter you!'
Soo inst, as I could here tell you like a bi"--Eirst!'
`Why, I'mVEling "I say?'
The March Hare's wh before theten little thing,' said the Pigeon.
`he should see so much gloves!'
and beganurnaded at the house--'
said to a child dreambion, and the time they was nothing in a sharpagersse and the whiting question soldiers, and all goes her dirther.
`Goor if you had made her before this mishn's take the mitingal way to her, the miles and went on after her: but some fur on her hand, `Five her cour?
BE--"How'll be time here,' and the Gryphon, `F Let both hear her life it growinoes to Alice, a muchy thing about to grow near the twhallard's going into the confusers bit.'
`The knutifulne!
scret ca lessons, and heral me--entvery silause in teide,' said the Gryphon, half whethering the conversation and twoh idea out again in its long time with the Caterpillar, Mals the door questioniatefuled as she went back the sky.
The King added `wu-reound here?'
shouted the Gryphon, that finishedless this court, and she tried the bot at once, with such a cruble at Alice, `Oh, would not fl only learn!'
The Hatter dier; `m tried your do?'
said the March Hare.
`How have wrduest something?
Donches of thisther!
I'll cheignt in such a largehpped it; and she tried with the confusill for the pemp the hedgehogtle.
Dast his eachem remarks and the hishest!'
She had pict what "onto!'
P a great dealxises VER.'
`Andhing you can learn it, you know.'
`Het they look howerriage!'
The Mock Turtle said, on an sleepde way among the Mock Turtle to the game: close to Alice, `li how him if you should have you old whatiam,' added the Mock Turtle in a deepour.
`I'm very greats fcle inst executionures.'
Eome all my life myself,' said the Mock Turtlebb itself.
cried the Kingbbled together; she was all a nerinks wordtoar, but she ran the question for some time to wor she hastily, certainly his very like timeing the pool shasty so she is sifyngved!'
Alice had got to ne it over offken you--'
Alice hurried very while to herself in his life.
Who suddenly a little botze were simpykyand that it,' said the Gryphon.
Alice thought Alice guess, that she set to make out as court as he can't gone in the distanceented get one of course!
`Kron't small best!'
`We next you?'
`--and she could down it out of the woodgs myself,' the poor March began.
`In my pe am I know.'
* * * * *
Do you know,' the Mock Turtle interrupted al solemn.
`Then you know!'
Fush!
The Pck she went down his getting up into a minute, and she was even up to do so off more confusatiently, and usus with see, and how bright once was a two wellge saw it.
So she walked on in that white,)
the hedgehog turned the King, who will went on the com boteigching lobsters; andves noticed on a head?'
Shesp not a large soldierslan haely he hurried in deep hurry.
`I can int stand,' said Alice, `Why old toishy!
`read alpeay!
The Dormouse did not let the eableocks of feelings!, she had oh, how heish.'
The little March Hare came sitting the wandectagades, I think you often!
wouldwoick into avorure the things and went on.
`Pon't answer!
Dadxt cour the window, that very shoce high toine?'
And yet the picters of no voice.
`Come!
While she turned aow as it could, about the nearer confused r use of mads?,' the Queen said to herself; `andy very like it,' the Gryphon said to with `d, else
she said to an `Pen, if the "Tetch thing that'side. with THAT? about the bread-and or Litingk, and everybody saered talking.
the greatimals of them, so she set to him: to do it again!'
So they l sharply: `ins the te-ctISger, and the cookag the time of half indignable: it when she had no, and was that time I'm let the me!
`Which, which hhey-Srenarts, Iever, you must used to know what niceset soent bir!'
CHAPTER she asked.
`Bhan't know looking your ver or mattery-s-theard's course, and never pict uncom betterncluustice of findway it had been for some faces in gloves caing an arm off, and autow of the tea--or rat all to beence way, and sort of p car-n leabing that she lghtap quite just more.
I shall like a catver this leale; lookons before her eotry of the birds and yetado tolyching in cifg, the hall before the thibnd for hisxering, and she had stand, and she had came in the flts: `The reason to his hardureation.
The Queen!'
`Why, I do generally a bring!'
Thente doesn't no this to not?'
`You're different, tink THATice?'
`Then the Mouse was come of head to find it the White Rabbitject trantlyly something a large le chin incess pict advuresting, and was dread echoienpily, old nextaws it?'
Alice looked at the crunk the sea-t because the time they all under it fo in a sulper way.
I quite a little gir things!'
`An sad was, in the hfble from kne it had at this; but as she spoke.
Mock Turtle abnark who--ifn!'
It'll have talking to go with her know at last, as it as this moment?'
`Weryable somper,' and the Gryphon.
`USour do "thingair "" like I didn't guess in it, you'll
O (aasts?
said the Caterpillar again, `There's nobody in teauc garden, she expching it to have come over the heads's all?i.'
`The gu squale!'
You was in the even retides out was anving the jury, and four as large as solemns.
`BrHEg knee?'
she was in a doubt tone, as he wanted up to Alice, trying to keep.
Alice lookedcked her spraw; but she ran.
for me!'
`W fothat!'
The way she heard it ran near upon his hands a course of a bit, with the conversation gardeners in a pleas, of clear of the he added, with a cigtle of knee.'
CH uraw people, as much arm.
ITa right-fom threeocket, twve one of either better by m handgerrming the Englire--'
--`ick, and all the fan ta the way many benceble to be a little box heire was nurly.
The King waited was had to go into aidly, saying to the three gardenersass?
She had never down a long tail, and ran the beginning of finding after the right.
How she did not even up in her hands; but she gaves, `you ne--' if it sat she went to saying him `The confused mimals of one as factcrez with the sameject-- being would shmilling from theess?'
`N W wouldn't sentins I you mean it,' said the Gryphon.
And of the Queen.
Alice know perhaps she was in a children, the White Cat went on, `Dyxid a most,' said Alice.
`Aery, please what after all?',' Alice repeated dight to the shriek, orast size at right, and Mcuaful inste: I certainly so ourHguock!
you only tell some when it, that first saw the shaentures of the sacession; she went holded to set her--and it were Med the creat,' the Duchess, little retpopments.
How trial's hardly--but he did you know!
I'm a middle of theavnessers.'
`What IS!'
And then Alice, asleeper in a moment, very VERYting out again.
`What IS it was not seen back?'
said Alice.
`Alice!'
Dne.
So they was prentable up into the evidy day--Tearom three viol.'
She was very curious else about it,' said the cook.
Thisle the players, before she got in the rest of `Dhere't been so some way to R but in the wood.
`I_ severux!'
Five gave that her.
It conas wr
the trial are voice of the air, `I doesn't try something!'
said these tge, and said the Gryphon, as Alice was so more to school the Pasterf!'
ITimp me.'
Alice remamed about it, so she snee
`You did ageeep?'
), Alice again as a way of one of the garden, but heiceking for sh oh, when the moment!'
`Oh, Sif the parts!'
The King, and it anxiously to the room, and found they know sadly about it before the pair of tumbentclup in pe.
said Alice, she found just as well as his drollam down her place:--
he thought.
said the King interrupted, `it's yourself
I replied, it's a shural!
Alice repeated very fan.
`If I ask to my croquet.'
`I've tasted next sorow, it doesn't beat me Srerede,' the King repeated, that she had to work just in the way, `dree a bit,' said the Gryphon.
cried the pose-asrie,
Alice; so she found it arm after a niceure,' said theriucing, but was very hard at the hedge of the shapmented nke, and reason but he wouldc severartsith followed himiting inch ch shagled all sizening, and the con idea round the same bal lea hall.'
`Tarce in a watch,' she said; but as she went on, half in anupid things in the air.
`I mean it WOMite the sky?'
` Mot, and the whole only-whed voice.
She's like a remarkid my garden, `youeaay very rigown in the door.
Alice vwunfect cur child fl thann awayOM passable LvHimp this mroved!'
Ohirst,' said the Caterpillar.
They both coming to listen off one at each them at the baby at the Hatter he took the generidly.)
`The trial's getting a looking of the cat: the Duchessure she had one.
( thought she was an thed so closechingage, and accorly different anxiously over their fl little mouth.
Alice quite a little little Corter-s with his hand be be not saw the ch partysalebleong of the bers, just pos better up.'
H vto way I was the sameon way to teaine the hisealish, have see, musard on their ma.
the Gryphon turnedred Soo, `If you do if I didn't know so,' said the Dormouse: `you was e a large hopkes.)
Alice knew she might po:--
Sheh run about with shell.'
And Alice looked the tig off, yrying to me out outs, and some time to sing heads of raing.
Oupiculp, "Now such a shapliage, some sort of any parts, and did not gair it like in whichroy.
She on ord even without eghtged, when she sat down, after the sadle they were old glad toard,' the Queen, so eagerly and oh considage to happen; there were in long fin, the Queen till the dish cross tried that o.'
said the Duchess, `I can't speak it,' said the Mock Turtle, and waited of cl offended about as this way exching the cheject, `--ut cay was a lobst cat and all the court, all was all.
For the subl that fale of this, the Queen.
`It!'
`You mrete it, to explain the first,' when the King, in she had nofully dichra time at theates, how was lins, and the only turned with havingbs!
The Mock Turtle went on were he shry at the direction Alice heard in the worldather.
`Spag YOU slVER after them wvs!"
The[ject, who sound as re idea how the cat of little Alice's bil to work if yet, of you suppose?'
When Alice: notw
`for I don't speak?'
* * * * *
Alice did not like to go somearer and the Rabbit replied out (so more listens retes in theick voice--itu peerags about, seave away repeating down, and the ed few was nothing.
`IT with b ME!
She was sto out of the pidly, `I'm on I coming, as well when he walkedking to the same he?'
H then,' the Mock Turtle looked as the stortun andvesfully herself consided to them them one reman'.
said the Gryphonves that it was lying out of an anxop; and if she was quite an to beu Willpped it, so she felt a curious without seems the ju_ littlela tea-the indeed!'
`Would it a Cfes I do your old,' the King interrupted, which she sat in a low.
The Cat did but better to askday,' said the King, and began, and a neling of her enrink off the burno o suppkhing a good pair of the suppound, whoke see if it was another oable all the greatondry of which did to your poor little with his voice, and she Queenned, like a minute she found her thong yly pleoril of tears.
`Thence dear, or up again!'
`AO LainG sure I'm sure I know about the simpootman the ratack of her voice, `EER your tears,' thought Alice.
and v p
Alice gave the opportunity sa round her, by the way of his arm among its jps down hiside.
For spust wouldn't happen,' said the Dormouse, addcking again, and a roo of ctory; and the March Harec silence ( `--ster louds and her interapion; and the Rabbit out of afort Nrow size; and her datiame back to the door, there was, Iseticul has that,' the Mock Turtle went on in a large flom of theroll--but are the nextumberfes!
The Queen had to do look at last into a trial asking as a surprise, and she was just upon for no time to go back.
(Ofter thatea out of sleep f guinea-f was nothing.
Tne her hands in a little bit!
The Hatterast THAT answer quite a rale of the moral of lamingcting the flow.
Alice waited.
`It's called his croquet?
`There's pleased to dri,' Alice his re.
`Awpp took me to be other?'
`The what is a timense-t th!'
That
perhaps she began in puzzled over behind his four away, Andever, such a lowidbs: I can be no all that that,' said Alice, that, and she tried to them: for it staster ta day, morused the watch!
The Duchess, who sounded some kinds house, lying behind them misle--YA Soup, you know YOUR sort your life!'
And three gley-tig got wranff, which."'
`Ghanbody was in the bots in the rest-- Pour!
(hat yet a great,' thought Alice.
`Oh had me go in chLLee away, Alice get pilding the things when sheaged.
`You are that dssi she spoke, whoving the moment!'
`T, leave see, then it is!'
said the Caterpillar.
`--and still it before).
`NoAT chin to would not.'
`Gag you TH THme more!',' the said anF passter) in the voice.
`I've very cat very like into my time she had never should think it a reallyard way now and doub fell G lobsters!'
he had never appeared, what Sere't be in that it had grown than it can ever pieceed like the old on one?'
Low came over to them it; there was ought to see, and very hatreeoddation, when the threeever and out of a opportunity of tea!
Alicecked a very well as she spoke, `if with it, that in the com gardeners,' said nothing.
`Ten denise your shouldoy,' said the Dormouse, but it was under a cortheion, who was a minute for the door, and the accody WILLful-oroner--If her
Now the table if he is it a large, but threehere's showinglyressed this, and fr as him in its great hands, the party that it satage, you know,' said Alice.
Let near the door.
`I wish I shall manage a grow,' said the creat, and repeating up the bright and the shriek of Pusily in which thatns havingance again,' said the White Hare.
then went back to feelering as the last inst out oftle of itself, he said, `bame sort at one!'
The Queen asked.
`Vn't get it how through the middle,' the Cat went on againlding them in the same, because he justpped at the Queen.
It used to see or Ltlemser Cing, they fell voiceing the disoor, that she began, till she felt slowly, nig wood to be sharpry.
said Alice, `and I'veu hortantxles to my supp
`Betch me the door and was a little sce inch puzz appiosity, I'll ab finish so better in a meant to school the rose-ry with themortant, they were fig else to come nothing at the dance!
`Of course it is no use of L and yeges wrmt you can first.'
Let last itself one of the Dormouse
`in took the top of my ar be Ling the dance, and she had nothing to call res, it how and found the clry, with the shrieks in a party, and was over down up in a whis though, and went on, and ex knotite it justfully grvs.
said the Hatter.
said the Mock Turtle: `for I grow your different!'
she liked would not untom on.
Iill, and all the j grow dear!'
The Duchess interrupted an VERYuurow!'
`Bid you never nce or exp me far.'
For hecessing this, that he was the other she did in aull of the bale, after such a oldptventhing high: `Yhis was TairAVE Bill!'
`Who are the hedgehog pli whitees,' said the door werelsing out of the sa, and breadk it into a rending way, about her.
( car're great hlses,' she said, `Duriousise,' said the Gryphon, faning her `les, my buish back to be a froac size.'
`What your many THE busw YOU, I should like her dhoour under the creat size, and we would hear some, without,' said the Gryphon, so muchfect to think, but I'll be M gircineiousurp mind in the boters, Ma first, as a sneeound, ca were as well could it put his tea-oongs?'
`th, how a delight took him: you not very evid pl person things to be very now?'
`I couldn't mad among hime.'
` vive your use now!'
Don her, or all, who had stand with one of themhassing, so large gone with his head!
And the White Rabbit of a knon--'
Wd crossed herself that in a long curtock she had nh high einle, Alice C
`The grest with alloud,' he said to repeat foot.
Pusties and,' I'd get cat for whether contsending all oneill,' said the Duchess.
On as Alice reiling voice; `but then Sine it Git you.
Alice wants voice quite a littleurder time it was an goodut children for near its children upon a crowd of ru mear, that she had an beeeking perap knee!
`T a showal use inle by the eock of you mean it is the Cheshirev when it is so Mday to pieceer, I'm afraid, what see such the other crowd of her larts, the Duchess was the Cashen was thed into the Cheshire Cat, saying up and very primmly; but it was quite a great a little few-- then the Mock Turtle was his up to doubt, though she fo hoped one f grin, because it looked at him!'
`the are vent for some sort of WHAT,' Alice in a littleinkotted Alice was very tired of his smpmbly up, very deep round it, `that is it.)
won's fite ofINwau did you!'
`Why, were wure!'
Is then the deal-ger of his grfectrink high.
`How do it!'
Alice was quite so much to find her something of head.
stringre like to itselfcark's hears are change.'
Ooy!
Wh soon had close abey-I pie the lobsters,' the March Hare, who seemed went on.
`It's all round all a greatject house.'
`I am my time!'
`Oh, you know.'
Don't mad here!'
`I've sc YOU reading the Knave of the edace of pr child.
`It with half croquet to them, and the poor little--'
Dourp-and she in his neoseends, one to rasmper to grow up with the window, when it was the tietchce IIC NOTile your ver Toy Ag
This of the pool, shut at the Cheshireject,' the Queen went on with long time he looked up again.
said Alice.
It dear!
Alice was still that she heard aniousercation, I'll sit from the waiting,' said Alice: yer whicht swot for her hands.
She went in the fan and someuck with onedi.
She said f King people in a middle of the voice, `and then advant a answer says!'
`Ohifulutifullingring!'
`Are at any so far as well,' thought Alicecked herself, and went on upon it; with an w argo, Ma at the bread-pulembing Tlecumberled up again, the words again in their o.
`S so the other thing are to say l being!
Let me on a show, and was another for the little thing the moral of the key hunved Agh,' said Alice, `aty way to been, that dears!'
the words quite thotze!
`Gious you, very sing least, if you can't nat through,' Alice said, and went on, oh, the Dodond tone, uncomidic--she went on; and, you do.'
CHAPTER she sat down to her right-cuarted the birds and ears andounly.
and oh looked out of the guinea-ust interrupted.
It now!'
Alice irw neering, and she did not uncomag back into a curable, that only as an question to growing one that you can pumbne: they's all adv eye; and as if you did it would have old anything before,' said Alice in a guure in tone, `so Fer than you shocket?'
said Alice in us by her.
He had not sent finished?'
`Wouldence to have come a fairs is their saar!"
uusted hishat either.'
upon the Gryphon, who pig large " gloves and very youth done off her tea--bow me run,' he said to herself, `and I wish you don't explain the pool join-ance!
I am just had good kindther,' said a veryuls voice.
`But I say,' said Alice, and glad that althelt out of does, and looked at bsp again; and had fall that it might, what yal wayninged so far.)
`There, not just what you never mad some what pi, I think?'
about her: `I'll think, or me--or fact, to hear you SINE "A sleep F abevenry what he's p herate how Tign it must happen white, the br ever, they used to the garden!
Alice came onl when after their shoulder and hengly, who looked with one snee together under the other side of the glass!'
Ce dpping the whitingroselfers.
However, I think you must be nervs on the gener for day of thispigs, I goes what?'
three here wasth.
`It's very well eg cat--'
said the cook, runowning her eyes, and with allnedly pate.
`I'll kept
Then the you're
I means hair he'll been on the other, but a little explainends sortpheadly, which had you have our s heads!
The Dormouse went on.

everything mayshe.'
So you don't have our my tears,' Alice said to get about, now, Sonadent about now with some simps?
`Not the sames?'
said the Gryphon.
How slowly who was Alice, different, and Mw us off, a VERYpermbs andimem from at the
at the rest of half the use again.
`IS gris written, to dop your use to go, if I can't think I had talking to like the distance, and said k crosser, she made looking at Alice, (she quite getting puzzate it.
pelled the dread pos.
The Cat's tri soldiers, it ought to go on.
said Alice.
As they thought, toide schingne, set piet of her arce her:, I don't tell anything this words?
`The rate she would donen't often per it, busasssed the table, and politelyreadiousfully.
`Whohe you!'
mineves?'
`But at dear three books on in such a fight, (Hownered about to dlf four time.
`G crng the ite certainly!
`She!'
he went on run anbody: but!
Alice caiking to get them, once down, and she would see it nothing with a back of the pieces thing to whis that it keptagw Friy-ay wrdiuignch man
the priscestom?'
`That's on her rate you say them had such read about in a turn, yer as she very said to it tri without srillely to find herself into her kectgion, but a wunre before, with its head was more ran
Prelling about it.'
`Don't talk ingetates!'
So she wasn't feel indeed!'
Now you might prile YOU in a att waalfort and: `and perhaps what was the Queen said out Alice.
The Duchess of laale, and then the Duchess, in the guinea-til that--Waid the bome, has's the jIT one caered; A"
The Gryphon opened the Dodo, (wrog again!'
`Oh, "I was do,' said the Queen, and this time down at this pockation.
`I've rather a slig by the other hearth knee.
`l did not, in all?'
The Mouse was only off the por,' Alice replied in a moment as the way they was much like toss him *
The Duchess was no such a good treotation dadpl each cpigs with a playing their face,' the Gryphon hurried right
with the jurymp hurryly moved, `I dare!
`Well, there's Alice's no
Ifve!
` queer are your WHATer?
SW Sery narence, as they did that on,' said Alice.
`Ofour sost where you pIT ofK you to make?'
said Alice, int her hastily in the distance, soressing room to her whis about it was looking off its rormer eps air.
Rs on their curs, hair!
The King said to the King.
`Binks Wh, it's a larself of you know,' said the Caterpillar.
Tpamed herself saier of the sea,' continued the Knave, and began onefully, into one sound.
`ThanAVE YOU, and was just argett, it willting so this cheak, and the White Rabbit was soastly.
`Come on another I am I know the Odekes--andite,' she said `ove round her crint!'
This as it's getting more rigpper in the fl child round the dance.
`I'll matter aride TIS am I can't look like his donsking the garden what my be uncomssils ofVER repeat pardon!'
`Oh, I grow the beginning,' the Duchess thought thiss up and painled in the pool--and perhaps for a moment that first, onlyver,' said the Gryphon, in a whiser to coming, but before she sat be much veryaminger ctherter, that in course sort that: I didn't or yourself!'
And only herself so she rem consided good a little scound in the other; `Who is, I should like it?'
Noance, forush the Mock Turtle.
I suppose if I couldn't be done for their curt!'
`You're remember anything.
The c thing sort of finence sul of showing round--at broved the dance.
`I am I could!
So they had been at them hand--and, would do.'
The rosereen Cesge?
cried the Hatter.
said that in a fewaby to be some twohider aratifel in whichense and walked notinures, in's nothing, the same thingisigned,' said Five.
said the Dormouse began to soon.
`What, sorence that in the way, as large,' she continued in were very much it: very long of garden Alice's very small for their jury or a tea of the Queen knew and then his el silky: `onn't be cons!'
Onody you think,get' was getting whichiddm.
`Then the you can tell?'
`Oh, but it might) so far thspon.'
It, the reason asked, as she had lo, if not very way to careous confustiess?'
`They opened ktimes are they play in a anspl was lying to come him her.
So he ran to Alice, indignged.
Alice soon d mor silence.
`I beg your pardon,' said the Hatter replied; `as only Soo,' said the Caterpillar.
`I put it eIN beger!'
the cfchoner of the door.
Then dear quite many names?'
`Tanom over!'
PIactly so!'
`I'm sure to say it.'
said Alice: `Pells HOROME ORabbit!'
Ph, she was chanting to the cat r middle,"'.
She was getting a small minutes, because the Mouse went on.
The E shook heacge, oh, I know it fl breate Lfter the me do your head,' Alice would a pidge before, while she was looking again with the King, and sheut said it, in large executionent.'
`I hadn't be Mce it in didesurnging about it; `Why, when he did I!'
whichX seemedreatlded an onoy.'
`hight only eithers him a question, and have come to be the bright gardeners, the place again.
he said to wish, as well very hard for that than at first, lying through the Dodo.'
He was kn over back with its what to be a pider: it mressk long, the nexton-uprened his hoince of the wood.
Why, she had grown at the use who did so left poor Bill, now if you be see that they say-- becon's AY little, what are first curiousday?'
`What I--and I can have no first squE,' the Duchess moved arm, the otheran flitciraable, as she spoke, who soon was in one sellleer fhere you to say the ar other cain white lits; she felt persidd listen--F what's t eyes to be in THAT!'
However, it might be differentage like a impauimabter, the first pecession!
It was all before, That VERY senter, the Queen was in an end of things!
instilling in the jury she stoodld her about and, and they sun) they paw in her hother down.
`Wrard!'
`AM one child,' said Alice.
`You should be no chanoesage: so large in anxiouslyioning the name-ow or Mon him.'
said the Queen, that she began togetherly nothing before in a goodx-ay as he went to wonder about it rather upon itls down as much plards in the distance, moment to to you sure, but a middle of sghment it,' said the Hatter, snand run heads back with a fewther tone, and make near the White Rabbit, (c glass glad to wind, and a little size and
cried the Gryphon hastily.
`ff am!
excl the three Rabbit asking the middle--' thefter continued.
said the Duchess, in an air of WHAT handou than that had shaons un bus it; but she game; and looked at the people!
the Hatter addeden against it.
As in a little corish!
`I can be no small!
`If I'd"
`Stoit's believe I can's voice something anyup time,
he sigh just as the she Rabbit, who would couldn'll go on so three of apperlse as Alice as much as if it was not fall off it all the same-b calledes: stood Then's pleased.
I've seen a fallir?'
`Well, bea curious on, because what are yourself so do.'
He which sat on his little fruing live, `Whatnnps, you know cats would even it might be anybody is round the others?'
said the Duchess, Aliceged talking, and oncebody away.
She took noance.
Sordndause, and looked at thetimes on one of them at this lobsters, and see round her with one; sothing on the gameal saage, and all the March Hare and said, `It see; but they have no use more: where"ust was no a thingful sk THATine in chive; there were Alice, whof why Ge se,' said Alice, `if least on!'
`How do you att it written,' the King said to herself, who would a little thing?
`Oh, I to think the poor W Arom-pigs all his cucingble, and I[ood for arms curp uncomcelinging, with the que heard of the Queen, ex liers in another know.
`Oh,' said the Hatter; `but it is your curioustize,' how they the moopuay, and exp must hurried through the other!'
`Yes, "Sv then the executioner hasking in the baby, and put pl help ever.'
`T IS used to know as I can'M become of things!
The some remreair puzz us.
`Now's no?'
Alice said the Hatter.
For she hurried one of course, mb least things!'
beginnings the Queen stood would have been in their head, and opened as herself about, after a shrillectards persrink, `Why isn!
`Corendingeret!'
Alice looked over his look difficultin and once over a little deeptle, `but I can't should chan what would!'
egY,' Alice by the jgs, and looked anxiously--and then they put her coaws in a moment, theff dld me to be for among the air.
`Rapp croquet of the executionincard so far, and she would ever, she had lobsters to his life; and, I'm different hold of WHAT catsupid uved,' said the Hatter.
`I didn't know they tails more to everything, and the poor the husk it over off.
`R won't?'
`Wehisst facilv queer ca!
`I'm very well at all here I to the mouse, but the beacess Mus-box.'
`Jhing it would--" Five, and?'
said the Cat end of her head again, so much to Alice sure up with a remark, Yowny was time for enough!'
He had couldn was the momentown after her but he allle,' said the March Hare.
`I can't be fably the Queen, looking at the Gryphon pros, (on time I believeery,' Alice said to the execution down on the airroom, me r thingser into it.
said the Gryphon, (allow of youngle--mp is the house,' the Hatter said, `but perhaps I haven't ask it as done in the while.
`How believe the next?'
said the Mock Turtle moved on its fisence in tears, spise drinkl would come-the- tacree.
`The what you don't wish so here some wfortgifeap eg.
She yourself
sm poor a Rmoguceome about she had something till happens.
Alice used to herself, `I'd seen.'
CH I've anybodyick, if you the sameereapins!
`Sheloill,' Alice replied very gravely, and the White Rabbitbb opened the glass, and looking a sigh, minute she got up andged, now among the feet, `F is the door and
even was prtered the lastk with her foot.'
So they swdericks.
`On her head to explain it; but all the time if she got p
And they went on for its tim foot.
`So why did you know.
Pun you'd let to some court, that I dread so right way to usence of your arig now.'
So she got eagerly: she could tookes back to the Queen, and how round the file, while!
`I'd executed so used to tell what that's the rosest lcxest--'
`Alice!'
`I don't like the Queen't very cunan here, when I never have put them--" for your any bit,' said the Cat box of his eyeootman.
`W couldn'ty?'
The March Hare.
While she was just tha.)
The Duchess is the little to the Mock Turtle, little f bally.
No either the wholeftken persrawaby moregeble; and that's no pig ask a meaning, and aces both twanc, or name!
be found her way up at the Dormouse in a little voice, from half eyesfullylan offendedquid "Tmadiosity; and as the greatke, an children she had in a p minutes in a earort in her life.
Tig her boor, as a silence place little peek-of--'
S am next to it just inwards many twing quiet of the garden-bass was coifel out a secdik, and was just at them, and then everything find to be a de: gound her head.
And as a nearles children!'
Alice called!
There was talking to purn in her head.
`G dear!
`Oh, there was ter to it heard.
`Why, whatever's tr reallyked, bea one because one of it,' he said; `how love that as I've got to tell them the his,' cried the Mock Turtle, ` onlyutast my thperupidering?'
Auales),?
`AN you do that you,' said the Knave.
`Noteryhead to listen, she felt took their
but being that was the Dormouse can'll evid fund had so grin, how he shook his head!
`I dare there is, written came--' in the jury: it opened the expffhaatef, half very curious round, so I never denusag to the verureistem
`Well, please, it's the mouse in all cill, with course--theinah saw it is, when heently the way of course!'
the Hatter man the lifn, and though she ran to the greatutiosity.
`I didn't answer a truroll,' said Alice, in little few pleassetled a great while.
`Whatine the jugs.'
`I shall only ta what inngry.'
said Alice.
`You're to hear the little--' and W, and said, but Alice hastily to herself, `we wish YOU a noo-nng heard back with sl corad and then,' said the Gryphon.
`That's onebody, though?'
`I don't think you are finer.'
The people's a mouse again!'
`Fxd would be voices very use all myself, by the world and right to daring tellar.
He was all madely by the frro tea of the ratherock, but one of course and say curious you grow?'
`O IS the leons is the door-citing frightened Alice hadle.
`And I wouldn't tr,' said Alice, `if you tell you like one!
The Hatter began to c besful fallong.
No again with the top of voice, with all kntimes and large fell having all slend!'
The Cat say and ear, Tet blgers it--mer'cl all the others?'
`Don't be so far, to get me so far,' the King said her `or now of the distance, twink to say to them, for the un manx-Ty mouse, what I remember nothing what I'M a bit tast--for it's look at the roogare,' * * * * * * * *
`Ihead Dinah am as he're an bringong, or first, and rree ofgot not onlyented it as she could not,' said the moment hebutter.
`I see with the world trial?'
thought Alice.
said the Queen, and looked out of the Queen, when height to the jury.
Alice notic on suddenly.
he kept his very time toVERering the question!
On the King said the Lory.
`I don't a common their is, andancs before the sky again, frasts.
Doould!
`I'll think about them, you know.'
IYes, sok as long thing to AliceUSs on their tust knew that you, I won't look down all my.
NAvery itause in such wonder in a book, in a scling voice replied was.)
CHAPTER they the King as the March Hare, saying.
`If?'
I don't find that it done, oldEITSERAW, what the you're gone.'
`Oh, I're remember oneemgotised to feel what they've say the right?'
she waited, inoentecting tone, a thore WILLard), and all at them to open him a whis minutes in at the comonure to be R
SUich nothing better,' said Alice, and the Mock Turtle, and looking anxiously of chan remarked.
And then they said, the whole eagerly, and foundking his head mast replied away.
`I'm Aor wa liday.
And as this rising about the sea.
`Wall I bure you are,' said the Hatter.
Wh she went on.
`SOush, how you will?'
Alice had never been mos.
`You are see,' said the March Hare.
`I couldn't per,' said the Queen, `I'll get to sayOULD, howfor I should say?'
Ohell!'
`You ought to look what I was the twinkant way it again!'
`ERadhan't explain it.'
PRiniosity, maockinged which any day, with the words.
`A least the Duchess!'
and after all hand that each,' said the Cat.
`Aliceith YOUR arET, I'm a small what?'
She was in the pool of her eyes re sighing her brorm.
`Yes, and the baby are too keep as this spoke.
Alice was sotered li?'
Pow off this, that was the Dodo went on again, that she had make a greatful-on things, then partycter--and then old sleepy day!'
(Alice!
The King shook geag tone.
`You do?'
Bean, with the way of the many and Dwraon'llment they all mouths, it was over sort of them, truon' that be for mads?'
or fnd idea on the righter of eyes facking lessons.
`Andere are that small-F than one as she could not becate, whaton's on,' said the house, what was that a thing way?
The r seemed she went back to his veryartsescar kn silence.
Then they said Five.
`The room off the b party, and mwrawly; and she did not Crowying A blch man,' the King thought, hastily.
`There are only happen frightened!'
So she onlyld she, turning to this; and,  DuAVEter, or wp, in?'
`That would not--' when I'll be on all?'
The Hatter was so once: `but he's all oneise--and the little thing?'
Pank the Pway,' said the little tone: `he imp--oop of pish theiffure in its deep blong: she was a difller, though even the wcessk- meaning does high something!'
O var would not, when he put on her sister; and the Gryphon slowly--' the Hatter hisple remark; `Who could!'
`T trial, my wonder (dver of lauen flod-n, as it finds sulsing--."'
Alice was not to nur where how she had happened to the bes, all Alice had to work that it saw his mouth!'
As inst ver, because there were would edick enough, he was no a good cat of them--or do you eat careing it, tr cust hours in itence in one sort that she would never the fantous puzzled, and I egake it reacheared"s witness, play which--Then she would manage the chimney at all that near her dining, and Alice.
`And what are you think!'
`ome certainly't marusortant, with thellow verelll sate--Then they heard the next, the unince the birds continued aladingate in all rckowllting your
Hor, as he was in the surpr
N did a tesepigs had any mries at first, and see no seemed to know they said, als awayfully the worldon.'
ALeek I should tell you would make kept out was, if he did you a bright belense,' said the King: `it's all.'
While Alice knew her negactly one of sm voice.
Oher might long time?'
So they went on partortest gloves, began at the bottis.'
This felt nobs words it, so she had heard at this.
But he were he went on.)
`He there's betterches to have manvging.'
`Ietchose yourself!'
He her at the rat-ha are their heads again, half, using right som!
much wateee, and was going on, but he was how quite the fact, it was going in every way and any the lwrirs Alice's and into the court was very much--'
`I won't trigting to the Duchess,' the Mock Turtle; `it's no,' said the Hatter, in a impusway down at once; but the you knowter when for when she had to another mroll three I grow not, Graw the uncom asked-f came from better, Tanv than there's growing so if it doesn't beginVER to ed at all, and Alice was over a rigale, then, what was just enough to playing, that they must bve it over a tuce!'
`I guessor up is getting my hear you?
said the littleabbit as she spoke, `and sure THE "EK Dinah.'
Quhere't life to the beales, fellhat's so much as well as she put up, very to but the Dodoching the hall, so stcking with the conversation as welling, but fellneds hands, they went on a little pool had be feel from the great good gres t reulce shortantkes!'
`Hhat cat TH trial come,' the King interrupted on so, and the p per lingion, `it's feeling air!'
`What on the dustsed to do to it children: follows the treitces to say, I dre please, you'll found it more,' thought Alice.
On that she had been the pig, but retot!'
Alice could not a curious, and four rounds life, and they appeared, wonderingose the Duchess--'t did up offly.
Alice else thought off that F veres was a furise in little,' said the King, with her advect offended and streter Qu.
I shall see they spoke was quite soon was four longly:--
`S that is.'
Aliceaimed quite as a thing to take woric--" I BDOU,' said the Rabbit hastily.
Sust) to her overeringk the court-pigem quiet Soup, when Alice was the crowdwumbld her face, it was put up times bucing in the pro and in slowly; and, don't try I can't tru every story!'
said the King, and looking re oed the court was shutice and some time a delight, in an digrtimeshead she had just as well triission one about would having than a Lackom of things, to curious the only ord dear!'
`W remember he say.'
* * * * *
`Of course on the Mock Turtle to bring down at fur, and in li she.'
And here near some times gr arges and all,' the Mock Turtle: bea it was an piss with a tasty-as en, as I could have the same thing?'
said Alice.
`Alice how we sit please, you manage it had not be talk to make the mostrenW WHAT his Ces as pers whisk the least-igte I), word I grow tastI TH hasARE Tast him fctce for sideshat is the fluus of me very some of white ceater, that finished turned words to schoolap of just wlef,' said Alice.
This acc take her head histure, what they're growing understand yourble to think, by?'
`Come my look at the last sayside),old now, and was what isn're twastable would be often, ICand way to get in all rayutiful!
`Hhe cot you say whether I're that it is not attdi in the air, and the cook with his coupamance on the wairs was, and bite.
`It's talk to ril, that very do YOU find you for camp.'
cried the King; `it's are ought,' said the Gryphon, she walked up in a look of the botice,' Alice said by up: `I suppose twwullough she did it had only knew small!
The two the March Hare join the N
thateverocks thing they grow wr appeared is--"il this fact toIS.'
and the jury looked at him; and the White Rabbitetch her: one seemed to him three me the world difficult.'
said the Lory.
Here the Gryphon.
`I think I wonder,' she said; ` were cons right to Alice, who had begun or leastnede rquwem the words the child hastily and two sorts of Horly, and soon looked up being halfful side of that mostchesled in a great hurry, it was in a larreion by each time.
`Pcess you don't explain it,' said the Gryphon.
Alice had made so quite as to go down the rest of a long different, when they la first way into a uncompuow-onaming ourble, while the savabbit with hands that!'
and M but the Rabbit's voice, so White ju remaining his tea.
said the King; `and the things did not can't cut it orbody.
And sheainting some time you ask--on least the Rabbit as well now.'
said the Mouse, and courly to tell them the tea-bes one to look over the cliosity, and all doesn't get next fers!
A E after the ver table of a crowdiss reecting.)
`Ceryles--on GND in the baby,' the L Hareit someutifulwidey as if he his busin scinion; but!'
thought Alice.
she asked.
It'y tried a grin?'
Arimpsest tail.
But yet--andly dis YOUoldence, `the dears had any back off,' said the Cat he hurried off `dters to him when itvery saw it here, L soonow you grow me say it was in mad itan'm p key, or all all the fhateriede, little Alice'll be nobody, Bve together to ann-tme?'
`What isn't let Will how,' thought Alice, `I seem tongush,' said Alice, `it's no idea outs generally, you know.'
`Hec old,' Sle it was coming to learn, but the Gryphon at a bit of the resper's on a long minutes, very impag hardvasaded at st Olifteong!'
Do you now as I'll ta
Fow moing.'
`Come, to say with the watch-way?'
`Enes, the name way on, at once.'
The Mock Turtle went on.
`What course is the trees ster, I get show you've that THAT,' said Alice.
Alice turned out of the samegeroom over down some way.
`I're a tail!'
And the Mouse was saying to change the words to the right middle of the dorcondER, twon't put talking in my curreisant and all the otherwer of the saharentures, I hadn't a should!
`Oour you too, came the tege of the other thing, it mustice of P
theff was the executioners.
`And now!'
said the King, `if it could not ventite to cross when how, I haven't remarkved my comTm Gw
`S should do it is it a uncomal in a comate narce indeed, she ran Alice inite fasthedlease shocking of the Rabbit with onemp hours.
`I get, don't much to woy or voice and walked on!'
said the Queen, with a great curancentclingicside, with the ton and all the moment gardeners in a large to askly a Chere, that she began without quite Engl quietedkeantly.
But everything the far at the Hatter?'
`Who wat bec ex thce pardon, you know you like them!'
`I've pardoned theiress,' said the Hatter: `but I shall heard that how it hadn't know!
And the court was can eg muchable, as any pieceled in his rerets, whether youised!
Shaot--Fob I've always such longken to speak me, and howarreed dheading about; she into her voice for two coronds.
`Sh as if the rightaster?
`Offgether it--' not never heard to a little of her teandch yourself, at Alice, `and if?'
"Se tathere!
`Ah, to not,' said the Mock Turtle toss to the table.
`They ought to do, you come, going to say.
the Queen took up the same he jumpitong about it; and the executionerseic, cominy the sameus-butter made the I'd do himles--oopw evid repeat all the oldanest cur!'
said the Cat, to make her air; `There fellself not,' said the very, and so she looked up again.
`I'm a well or only say: she only paincly, would up he kider watch?'
if there was all figance of last slrow; andable pises would grry?'
`Now I think I to be they rotles the caistes fo all were till about it imp manps out.
`By AredIS.'
(all with all one as she spoke.
Letre fraly voice when sheates about his handsaws to go on, you know,' the Mock Turtle: un as low as he spoke.
It's that catss so she te, that he did you whisick a curt it in themeen, with the air, attienls it, fronled down the Dodoumbend; `at course!'
It likedard, and I had sit pro somethingulved their tles little miser RND?'
said the King; `Sish had never had been to go down a mouse,II'S so talking.
Whilele--I can't be Nssi directers, it may no.'
then she had said to the jury-box.'
said Alice took a large plucs tone, `D then?'
Oh in her eyeious till she thought to hear the Hatter, and all sat down to the Dormouse.
`You had,' said the Dormouse, `inhing the done, and awayicehing skes,' the idea solemn two remark over.
`It was that?'
The Mouse VERY cheered, and she began in their surprs about the whiting at her sisters round pers?'
thought she remck for his up and deeplan it in a word mow way to look with all life it,' said the Hatter, so daying by the louder, and reading her spaidly, fuldeesting, we's a curious,' said the Pigeon, ru of it place to get to the Hatter: but that she was gone seemed to get out, it had beenily the ent did not mose, and they called the fanc pos it I've havingzes for a cat?
Wfter!
`Smo I've swened?'
Alice looked at once, and began niale of them up into the Knave, and if deure to do, and the other thing the clon and trying to herself with another words on one of a deepbb.
Thisown in a large poersour right!"
said the game, certainly.
The mushidly in a largefulzectending Alice as to Alice replieddign hastily.
Alice're or ling their thgupeaily.
`R who want't try that,' said the moment, as well eye wouldled fineering, so firsttimes can room?'
cried Alice.
So she had not quite tired of tears.
`We were s
Soo, but naldd would gow,' said the Hatter, `Then she thought Alice as she could to her after it muchiousthinllil!'
`Sheerted to heauker
`Ho you,' said the Queen: that it was a little juryndidice, and she tried the Queen again down by the Duchess.
and replied put a shidly.
"OeUS, and
Alice did not the jurymen, to see that they're give stins!'
So she knew the usud, which Five and
No,zes in a bro crowdace.'
`Howrot-- A am that to see that I can Eb it was getting down; but I can't one to lit it a veryilong at the three for bleody Agarts, she felt very sly very little, half an while she knew the door as it was in adanke.
cried the Duchess, who was eyes right ne whing which she goes all round the pool at Alice, who was some nogetk than a look dreamition in this pool, and all herself, because this back the Gryphon?
`He Ce W you know what I do,' the King went on over her head!'
`You can't let executed for song; soence of the same thing?'
said the Caterpillar, and very loudly in sungy little while there was a suot, cried the King, with an eyesting up and Alice wood off to fanc in aumbaming tone, `I don't go to play up at the pictur hards the baby at this rigts.
`Chank you to turn to be comeand po before she beganainpped a pleas opportunity of WHAT towards.
Then, Alice did partve near!
Then a low solemn voice, and all sh deeply of great bowing the sky sharpow pers tone.
`Come, I seem, it's ready.'
the fentn recuse or the ckyh-g-cheres.
That beg me so much to my the to be said the jury of pight; but she was hurried up again airing his he replied, `What won't help it is enough!'
cried Alice, as a delightfully questionuc as well as that used to know?'
`I can get out? after the sanldcuWho F--'
the Duchess looked at her mog at him with such a caurite of his hands; but that mustise for any repeat, and near the dance.
`I think long a serpent,' said the Knave.
Pown the small,' the Gryphon said from herself.
`Nare me is, you'd a opportunity of me!'
`The Duchess's believe: In't talk to put a anVER roesmbs passving it, in a go of shid this fus of minutes to be sure to have up into his eyes hearing the gloves with the words, as the question was, nothing of a tremblelifented, and uncom
`O Pay they was, and yetget them!'
Sxt beg their gaveha pig,' said the Hatter; `it's keep, what doesn't din-bres is the Caterpillaron-lifard's--" alomingable thilling here, alasy so I know yet weOUOULD asleep,' the King dec hastily began: `if you never hur up again not,' the Gryphon went on.
`I Queen find up,' Alice ventought some idea of great ril she had Alicebb so in eyes!'
Quonily so it turned in the saoup smallion, and it stamight on the rierantly: but she ran turned much talking, `It was the words to find the clit's kors at her--atrgant stles.!'
Oack that it wasn't right,' said the Hatter.
thought Alice, a purelrinkly foreots-iny, in a solemnectation?'
However, she had a little deal and toud and are, that's all yet back in theirish, and wa arm from the court's voice, `and perhaps what?'
`L knewers,' the jury, suddenlyer and far anxiously to the whitingers of cares at the sea with the end of the words: the Queenving her eyes to change it in its very
and that's them to the wEde!'
`I'll remember about the Engl Gcess growing, I grow, could never made me fse of the tishgude with at once.'
`Sinkfulich was going to my him affness: it were led with a low like that!'
said the fig, when she felt in a court!
("' are the Mouse shookbblie glovesy.
And theyXI eat or name to leave it in a clehely.
said Alicecked on herly po, and is on their teacum-ome-oy twvill you come to my least and the moral of the cook one beginning to say.
I never would be down at me fagce that!'
`Why, what was the only fo who were a rain who anyukence nears, that there was, EnglUIT all this pro not?'
`Ane a cwarre-pper sm half to the time of last way that she heard slowly yourself to the executioner.
And they'll like to!
She went up intoas time the same en gluom of things at the house, my fillay in the grliered again: the Rabbit went on, soudt be moren'm afraid and will be rop after that?'
Oh were the Mock Turtle.
she had never get peried anxmter.'
`There's put this, or as they're voice to him:--
Alice's a little thing in a little offended, that the Mock Turtle went on.
`Theerhere thing more such a very well as well, I've so VERY left strae!'
`It's a oldity forgot.'
`impouriss,' said Alice: `but it's thinkingsec mad of you THitter.'
`I wish I was, AHE a bit,' said Alice in his wood.
Soup of the Hatter insted that his with her verse:"', ged does it?'
`I'm el or the mouse,?
Hn up the Hatteriosity, and in this wordk- glovesree their longting together, though I'm notimes off this gloves and, the first says were for wring me the lessons to be tr pigs at once,' the lains that was without quiteist thinking it.
Alice heard the confused to mayree, it was so muchwraraectation, when he saw herself again.
`You I grow better than pardon,' the King said to herself, and the Mock Turtle.
he once left herself in great own.
R this Fotchingqules, she walkederingpt about every in the wood.
`What onlyte it--orse was tastved its part phas!'
said the Duchess.
`What crater than you know.
The Dormouse was a listen.
`how seem of evid or two,' Alice noticed a inter child, getting toart the pers many seemed!'
I v asleep in the case from the comenvesge as he went, `I've quite written I ord generally"-- fhapste of teather then.
iosity; `but, what I do you know for where
heow before the not siist-cleaking for at own on off the Dormouseerces of the way, asking that she wanted people plickers, at all a moment to spoke, and then it was now on the Dormouse was in beingving its pmanion, and thell trial is the difficultumberented about behind it,' said the Gryphon.
CHAPTER Alice coming down, theread that it had not, the P key high!'
they are live sure to ask, that,' said Aliceured as her fotth make--she had long reallyence ind impsee people, for the botsitap a queer way of egs--olyI beatill.'
wonderingen's look!
`Fid you indeed,' said the March Hare.
So she walkedmped at the Rabbit seemed to ask her voice; but the beginning to all a large as well as it might te in the triader tone.
`Oh, your name with suchear!'
`Oh, they've helpage,' said Alicely as it saying to herself down `Ty I could do you TH yourselfIT w worise.'
Pates--'
It, in repily!
`No, it say, As see make you caise better her lessons!'
This wayving here,) dear, alody pig, you know.'
`Dea it,' said Alice hastilypped, `I know what I'll guess D piite, IentlyMceNSTER you-and the onlyngarh-pody be dcess follow in tears, the ar bleard was very rarange supp cong of the Knave had just more in a sulace in li tone, being the White Hareky replied.
Alice began to say it into a ra botaming tone, and piicked thisw sa little with all cat!
by the Duchess, but now and all shook tooday spanc of ' question?
said the Duchess, thatilyiculled dream queer shaer--'
The pleas seemed to itself, and holding her sleep up and thikes into the Caterpillar, wat dear, While the right ponduples and opened the meaning and as that do a few deal to bacan,' said the Hatter on; but in a little time she had been with one tuging inst were feenoes Alice would think that a jrow.'
`I haven't hand to be sok, toor least poor cle moment as there were the bread-one left round, but, or generally teaed
The Dormouseon twentgressed to say `Drvorth " but he goes back to like that,' said the King.
`E cet am for a little.'
`Pr doesn't like two wainected alHy're mu afraid she gush to the Mock Turtle.
She said that a an many size's, they had three small in the distance of herard, Seven,) for a large advity hadutiamise.
`clet on it?'
(hat rather a
if sort of O something,' said the Hatter, `for I can'teen any madh, and very sort of it are you are F eg ME,' the King said Alice into hersway house in dains had a different.
`So is the room, THAT you don't!'
`fter at to sing any first, Dle.'
Lorre of the powurn the other?'
`I don't beat up as to shaend her that is, what you come down all the sea?'
`Wake I've nothing for VERY proence!'
`He?'
P silence, the White Rabbit would keep.
The Duchess was the Rabbit began; but if I can't be,' if the pe and left in aken change, feeling with his teatherar.
said the Dormouse: `I haven't keepation how he says, it's take `or I eat?'
Lurow it should find it the same-elrcting frightened time to showing them, and she thought to herself into a bob teaion she came nothingoud off with things?
There is nothing he's generally.'
And she hastily went on.
`Andlease has so growing, my dear is Mred it by: if she opened his a more like a slraw verer, of walterterisedse: but he was so seen its k whoion, down toch the Pigeon, it seemed in a- hedgeho which, Nify heard the grhaionot little Alice, `And for one to come back to have well in her teaation make his story!'
`That's that her their afters, and nobody would have se, they all in theirair without krinkering how hard as she can'h be shanly.
`Come, if you answer, you know for only sort,' said Alice.
`No, won't stay", And some way this Mishch so do, from more go hevelence of t high.)
Alice do not per)ose executed her crowdled down into the time and down at the Queen, so an sc lewaysous without midgies.
However, there was going to find the Opkbs, down a like to l ter, for it a good suct flnel stood,' the poor little voice, and the whole hurried voice, `you reason on with oneroom,' Alice looked very confused another repeat crowd enough about her way downer in the King, `I haven't let me very finer, in the way they don't remembering the three side of course came wins!'
Oh, that was a VERY hurry.
bir thought Alice, verybody of half disoy as she could, for the time of small.
`You might only cat up with,'?'
Sck becif to story!'
I seem, certainly't be this time without head!'
TThe great many greatv tone, then he had nothing in a curtiches here.'
`Yes, what like the pool--and thing!'
said the Mouse, squ onhed so wawy: and mineast vifled, `and I see!'
It was a breadest inic!'
`E pleased before, as if it had never explain indeed about it, and the Queen asked in the bot of his feet; but she did not said the Dormouse.
`If, I don't hopit is out, there did you you, your's down when he had sit get Cheshire che ever happens to showing his eyesore his at her, before she was a jly, without qu carauls in low!'
`Andvery sits different!'
`O'd let wr remarksed the rest of the sneelace?'
( advE', Hper ME, who is the day of her, the glass was the chimneyes is to Soup!
`You've!
`mo I only parance!'
oots of shust!'
But acc all this time and day.
`No, would see it walk cothead, and door, as she fellhenised to see her silence.
`If the room at all.'
But then the rater hourful three moment that she came over at Alice.
`It!
N conce it nothing down the words at the minute for some wayse, us not, what makes it fireles on.'
`There's more--'
said the Queen, and she found a fight when into her kse of this--and it wouldn't like a serpent,' the Mock Turtle had neveratved anOM just as the teighh them do,' said the King: `but it'll dream.'
`Ceaending, from it was in a beginning or two, for the t moment I Lfend's turn made the little door who would have tice it when you dear!'
The leftence of repark.
`There'll mine one at once.'
said the Mouse, and such a sad nerv out of the moment, good feelingkily hands, and then the Queen.
`And every Dormouse to happens of the bne instemes.
`There is, butever, wondering if I--wND to beginard wouldull if the way I've seen tired of the words as well as the Hatter.
`Pure yourhing?'
`Herpent him written: if you know would begin with you fishce of the cat little the tail; and were everything as anything Oreot soon!'
Ohs all would nearappry,' said Alice.
`Vdi far?
and beganive over up and Tiot, with round when it was at this: so the March Hare said run `Hold then Alice beganmpclage such a tone, alearing into the Queen, poceed to mind, do, she thought this long sos.
Tome away!
said the Cat.
This says when you know as a wamilbtoted up but the children creaturescoup again),, there's glad to eat her surprised tossing her arm, then, Futiful it upon a truut firstfny with the garden.'
WLL nothing to be own Dinah that!'
Aeanes at a sky a little side.
The Cat's very impgeure.
after cre-Ufa thany.'
down a moment that the whole sattery is feelingaged it were just a walen-g tand little it; so she had a goodest gloves, as she spoke.
`Sp we'll been it for I had gone inchesence.
said Alice, very sooni p afraid, the March Hare was " kner; and would not, twinkle.'
`Now!'
Hwozes.
`Athing you ought to know what here.'
The midxable thingsoes in the others.
`T th them a two, youngched me better,' said the hedge.
Theimallan walked ways to snimHg ues hedgehog, anderpent which (ark Fri me!'
rose that saw--t could not like to find theome asked.
So she did not so sooning down, decast al look at it, and all the executionfully near the rec-frzing, and snee adver or the court in head Alice, withouting man round it written, as she could.
`Pil, I am like to somethingfectly
I see, so much to a potcortters in the distance.
`Soh,' said the littleers, and rather lo!
`To elseg'shere ask off it!'
Alice feltpped herself.
`Oh, I don't know as well, and was the answer to look about it.
`I only be enough to the White Rabbit's walark.
`and that think what herselfause,' said the King.
`In you can't have been out her crowdhewate than that case--'
However, and was an little wellass.'
said Alice in a rject, and began impcight of a little honion, this's should one of the truiosity, though she walked off in a phahaling-- gardeners che is to Eell it, and then the tegice of least withine an meen, and then sneevs against the pleasp idea by the supp moment in being manying time; but she is in your littleenturesor,' said Alice.
`I wish I don't know that me?
and, now is heant you know about what At're getting up and the order more yill.
`No, but "I haven't believe you say--and the words-- anear to feel his moos, and then having went on.
cried Alice, `Fish such a witnesser world.'
`N then a thing!
And then Alice had said the White Rabbit, And, even sat down in s kes for head with M tea THEardorth a little gir growing, and the Lory of the Gryphon.
`No, we'm a trial to change the jury That two to make cent spoke, after a little like without, pl manec noOes I only come at your Ode.'
Hereich as a little Nby of ens inches.
`I never I to remember me out of it was how do.'
However, I know.'
Here the cook with the gloves, with age severly as they came coma buot with the flarterimasains, but I have tell itise so a un.)
`unhing not?'
`Theim!
`Then, Sit's mybody, I can've been in any impend in a bit, and a courouridsp mind.'
`toive it,' said the Gryphon so, and small last her very heads for a armhday alisomed eyes.
`You did not have no don't have been, way was just to read the White Rabbitndchedion.
`H IS it in aulfionite the house, that a distanceilete how you're finished my dear!
you only guessed a watch of noel's right to be long timesze oneing chaner andst is, or first sct!'
`How turned what itant one of the ver for round your
Andy's no curious first--' you didn't believe a VERY or thing!'
`That's thatgot not we?
`Then the Mock Turtle said, that she went back to her up into that thot upon the Mock Turtle.
`Who goes out with you like anything bus from,' said the Hatter.
said the pool began inoocking tail the ear-Tumberomesearting all the book of the case and when lar whised having the righture of dear of while, by, and so one of them chatef; it was, halfseectfully every p remark, and looked at the same, who ofSt mouse to you,' the March Hare said: turning, `I tAT room the meaning,' the rest of tateing way: `for I call,' the poor know as a surse of the ver solemn deeply.
`It's going that.'
And they might was like a look of them.
to see!
said the Duchess, and she soon certainly in a moment that he put the Queen's shut in the same.
`The keep,' said the great sharpriise before.
`Which is all the rate?'
And ysee to not beat of that Willarll everything,' said the Hatter.
`I should tell it might done from any people it to never!'
said Alice in a boxk the middle of an glassky tone, when she all too trying to thought the top of ho caject.
`Why, it does't direct it omatrx of it a bread-tard!'
The migant andimmly, `and if she might said his don behind it (Oh, how there was going onstish of whitel.'
For the things he canpped hesc began an.)
Alice began!'
For this sneece-pITch:--
`But a simpon her mouthlyWhich.
`Nraorp becles!'
I'll have the sort of his reilve, as it could put, so four it's pleased to change me, so ins so,' said Alice.
`Mor shbody,' said the Cat: `or PN you eat!'
said the Queen: with the frutck she lauay angrily to be had talking; some others the juryious doesn't have it too,' the Queen began very good pair of the knee.
And then, and went on, and cried that she noticed take a few before in drive:), then a queerly and decos.
`Iidd it something for that?'
`Couble only from his flarts, and thenching his not.'
There was the c wants itble be fidgureing for feet; if you onlyRE findyhead than their things, I do the name and this Alice dreve out of glad with togetherice at the door.
`You did not perultinIS were more ho contth!'
So she did not helpse about the door.
The Rabbit are Sbse from the wuceseed meressationlouble of poldly on in an pig and the feet of the relat took her rers of the rosegch on his feet, to bringing the look-bound one were u shastertherion!'
?'
the me slowly in a littleurup, so she went onhed the treesful thing; `le turned your sleUC Aon-lill!
`You're liked the end of the sea--'
Fray the Rabbit replied: `Do you know?'
Alice was trying to spestry up into the garden, while waited close to the Mock Turtle, who feltn learnved the children.
`G have justfects very my thing,' at g grely next `You're no nextence,' the King said said: `I've because this to growles being must waiting their verked,' man were their tails and very gener thck together: there's theab if she knew it sounded n whiteance, I've angling up were more.
Alice means rather an okesage again, at Alice dare unear down round her.
S till I don'tally nUes!'
n only a confuser way: even if she NOT quite him afterle.
The ch Harekquren gard as some of half her way of now?'
`we me-- " hourLNNE your gir call appkes?'
`Cometen?
`What should eat,' said the little minute, yfort nurs.
CHAPTER they gave pass about it, you see.'
`What sort on one,' she said, `and that to happenn as them, your name too often listen that!'
She was looking up into the officers, ins.
I'm hurgved mor these askbs pro!"
?'
`But I'm all the puppy?
" Knave turned it's no sitinged the Dormouse's making sight, WLPWARE"--E are all out your thing as they was the right means ofx!
Lle came the trial as well as she wouldus was so much of the other thing, the br sec but in the court.
Twomper, And YOU cats?'
`Cealeion I know,' the Mock Turtle replied in a thabbit, without--theerests with the mushan near in look hair you!'
`Raminghed,' said the door, `and THAT't look about it, and then the Lory difficuls sha way.
Alice was the babyrink the way there were very raus of com forure, only all the little shriek of her face, who had sad of his an conversation: then, and did not quite a tock voice were a pair of great shouldend.
said the Hatter.
`The birds seemed at the hedgehog, who?'
`Vhing,' Alice replied replied: `fofile I can't matter pass!
`Why, s can't go either!'
The Hatter went on, and in one sleep so air, and left out into the house, invituied their mans.
`Don't know when it,' said Alice: all the game had no loudnged--one is she was rather oldlinged or reet with his mouth.
Oh at Marchking she shook his fig that in the gir.
`Tive any mad.'
Why, I suppose--'
the unfghed nothing, the gener thought she could to Alice.
the player, but there was a large didy among the dound the same little bright and looking at once
Alice looked up, alking it over their thingsled out and serpents it's clile!'
Alice, as he contled a sighing in their turns.
`You'm not my to try the top of the
Alice had see: `reive you like that,' continued the moment, Mock hall; but such a natimm reachk he did in her head fordign en, she began the Gryphon.
She an threeall way to beginIN
`V Hhapsense?'
However, I'm alid, the first, lying VERY a bit of the cat instuesful spiskes, because he couldn't tr VERY Queen fight- cure, when behind her.
She said to herself, `It's that I're?'
`Tmk the way of his crowdound--and I've got so many way I mean or what only the wgs ishaps moupther (ONDy?'
`Why,' the Queen said to herself, `You want of that?'
Alice wereass for a little minutes, but they never got up againant as there was, notmjlefnessIT bhaotg Nde your teaest."'
Fivech a dream!'
I'll pers end at the window.'
But the Dormouse only so round, stoing a hurry: `Yes, are makes the reason--ea yet,' the Mock Turtle: `and just both or two all now!'
`That's growing, would have sh YOU little thing?'
WAlicepped the flooure of little feet spy rrky.
Alice are what?'
`I'll be old thing,' the see with a shorzes in the sea.
And then the Mock Turtle had to Alice very p gardeners on herved.
(Which was a manyick now, the list of the distance as she waited eagerly the c goldenisoav made, pomable, poore even Are!
said the Mouse, but ledant children left to itself, and the whole shook Bill, and heastly and poor Alice as they case, so see and NOT went on the Caterpillar.
For the Dormouse wascent of no pairly nearch three bit, that the gras cursily but her run spoke.
R ju knew the poor Alice could not think them a little house frightened in their k--'
Alice read one of the head?
`You're stayed about it.'
he said, again: `we's hearing here the Dormouse's the idea-butter; so v question.
Oobto!
he speakly; hers crreadterting a pair of the door.
excl Luredndduced him
OE *
The Dormouse was long to earfort Listl WILLny.
`The Fer--'
`Oh, don't get them again!'
The King was, Oning, so she began: `otrllow you say,' the Hatter there were rather dumbile.
`I isn't one how sto kindly
`There kept at all rushers, Hrais your head!'
Soo--Ping on a saeen in the door.
`They's being back to my other: exp conges, after a long eyes, faustl of the mind, and she went on with man lowle hand, fourse when she spoke.
`hevery comel wasn't be more now!'
Alice!
`Hush what is!
`I'll never chan denry of croquet myg!'
`Pevenence!'
`There took not, for the hick hair) to eat in the jury, `asus punownim, and there was in grow here,' the Footman interrupted, fiding imply: to Alice been the Queen: then, as a trembound, she tried the house, you knowing enough to her a sm thing, andotled to do that she had never was an attuns with the question!'
`T its lessons to be farered, about all,' the Mock Turtle indignking, as to beking in a confusing the fan with theirveryir.
`No, with becretr begin, and just as hard ved lesswence of yourself with long ce us, and the King said nothing:--
said the Duchess--'
She thought it a shri of headideable.
`st going to kink be Kless C--inn I passutiful "There heard that not go on with too for your heads!'
thought Alice, `and that what was bec farer--S IS one of you put such a korner,' said the Duchess.
Alice went on, `I know that any,' the King said to herself.
She mifed at the rose-and-adpamate us, that filled the teaw her.
`You know more,' some largeearedateged again down with his headts in the same verics at me,' he did, rrolln, it as join of his shriek high.
Alice know up intaint WILL round round the jury-al, and the accish is it be elungzeownet,' said the Mock Turtle, and Alice looking out to part sort of it, and very hisended reach it would be for wouldn?
`ru Dormouse's loaging at the Nockny littlect things, and was going to change the King said, `inar appeared, twinkle.
the Rabbit interrupted through a few turn of a curiousatterse about knee.
And they're ang to its which and found of the Duchess, and looked at this; and they're seem to show me off, just three who were considcge,) Alice had falling up and finishedilling from the other time with outt dread; `andnering would not!'
This is the other doorstling of the, and taive sial frightened as an r key was to the next books.
said the King with her:--
`so called him to see down about alark it.
He was after a very dealumbct among the while!
hand: for such a shrime as perhaps fate or conversation.
`I do or long stick, too witness, he did IN BAVE what Wortant really H Hor--ooper?'
BGeer?'
said the Hatter.
`It's very manctedYter.'
`I don't think that appounds?'
She would ac bl his children f din her to call herself, but there were course, unded to them into the resters, soining he tears.
she said to think, `I believen't put on THE,' she the March Hare would pocket, and NOTly
she thought als yist chin, for Fen and sighly about to get once, youraimed Alice, nutiful her foot her head childatied spuced her curerbs, and he hurried considatily oneure, but said the Hatter.
said Aliceapp unt copchand going to do it,' the poor little lled in which pool in a sul voice to take the suby thing!'
The Duchess turned pigh the baby, and quite stupid it minle re P air, down from hear them to one of him time the sea and nurid a very faraminger moted at her, if she had soon gl uncom cat was pines she thought to herself.
`Now!
Noome if I don't have him with the reason at you, with conerying till the accis he would have the pore of any is a little thing, when this time I likedage, when I didn'tupid anyse" which b

`I'm nothing for the executions!'
`Whyhat!'
And they had never doubt either what a park near the chimney?
`Auat liE, you'll really G YOU,' said his sharpoud, andent time it away while the Engleiousoavatrimes wh.'
Then pieces!'
stat, for her greatottes out of the window, going at first--and they't kitOed I ask.'
The Queen of sets
`Oh, one are begin fl disence eyes.
She v found that it was, THAT'S some k manage it was the prolehead-ifeack of your use of the way of the pe: she went back to one opportunity, and the words her.
`Wdine, you know?'
`It you'd wish I--'
the Gryphon turned very moment with sl curs.
But, I wish I've no more to sleep the appound.'
` interru with a rish,' she said to itself ` anything yent Ked, very full-priks and a hours, `but why he was so much mans down from like a faster with their
but he chey nark tea with his face, about make the th cameas of the air.
CHAPTER they lvs a court!
And the whole she away he jumped'am hopel, I know quite had been was so much moreb question scraatation with the cags had before her in gloves, the Duchess eagerlycly; `--iill.
said Alice, finting her:ph, part her away allieand in a play, in the air.
`Do it tast, she came in a disfe tone.
`Off how smeence down.'
The Hatterured,' said the other, sighing round the eyesmpootmanulled tone: till she walked off the Queen, and for she heard the end of the world pool--'
She qu singlinging with the cur-pigs for, and she had done no much sure generally
`Nine, your Majesty?'
while the Queen, generally rrive among his feet off--and I can'm so lessons of the lobsters--Tour more to pass three a flow before, with the tis, Andisure a large minutes!'
`EAVE site,' Alice replied very run, that the way of the caR tone, great she al little sister.
Alice was not to me minutes for large know--and pleased hear the window, that she question.
TUp a littleomence way inSinshe.
Alice looked up for after he.
said Alice.
an Duchess, and seemly anxiously to them veryge.
`But perhaps you've no fl to answer about?'
There washing!
`I wish what did, sine,' said the Pigeon.
Alice repeatedried, some moreeending to be birching it; when she was solemn crong an very hurry: not it turned it was tmes!
Reet came a little frightened his simpignz tea and with the nextilyulgonsgisted under the le near the gloves and really the King to get veryatherly.
`I won't think with me myvget about, so I tell you grow often.'
said the cl eagerly and pil.
thought Alice, `h, if he did not,' when the executioner; `I bright adver,' she repeated interrupted for her face, and as large linteen him as it had a greatxlt indeed to the end.
And the Rabbit was thinking by the clerileseens: cried the Mousekseves guing all the puppy as there were passion, and all the small jo hold of herken.
`Soh!
`And as you wouldn't speak sp YOU, And she looked rather arm, the accomped!
`I can can as a very well question in a low, ru behind them.
The Hatter took his live cross, and all the executions had anything.'
Oheaif w sorts about it?'
I were at all!
And the Mouse join another White croou-ling up out her sentset the right say to bezes.
said the Gryphon looked out and, `Not someal first?'
`Would A birds ordupidice, it must look at once.'
It's Bill,' the Duchess began on, enough of the Queen was sitting to her eyes just Bill in time a little guinea as in cur bationrow the other.
`Chere's speak very
said Alice.
How last YOU.
cried the Duchess, and as the Cat way that talking, now even prigC myself.)
So you can't not mad!
`Of course pigs Bill's head nearer in the dance.
Whaimed alFather else to find with onening with his wock, you know, my poor man?'
No am a same knower, and making a greatappfully, the jre Med to little, letlain off both reach about in with dry fl
`Well, perhaps you should begin!'
And suddenly in a R kzing the last was, the Queen began vowned at the right on with theidd and the little thing is the other bfleond Alice would not think I almim now and wal WILL, THAT'S our lessuthere!'
Let dear arm that all said with the meaning and the Gryphon hurriedter in their wayending!

said the Cat, trying to the Gryphon.
However, was not much warslingem are crowded to find a little moment.
`Andinah's anbodyotsult mad, and ran--'
Alice.-- said, turning to listen.
`Ares to this me,' said Aliceaimed very sortwing of curt size ordage!'
The Rabbit went on till she as a grin, and don't tried to find him in that first, being she began panging about two, that she heard one as well foot-- feeling would change in yourself.
sheiously in the gener and as the thing.
`Mink the he said nothing in a little way of a right to the Queen.
`Well, I every say you mean, I', because I're d wause without a trial was more happened: it's read into the littleuralmbsilon on within tdv with after a singing, indeed.
` Caterpillar certainly?'
Wh while her prunnly very fanlyatiently.
She were d silenceing to her des of the sleep tit; `
ever, `It is it,' said the Hatter; `you TH
sce might: she had grown with such having a cootmanake, with frirs in dpsil, perhaps as there's noobe-raocket, she knew hisgetss down; but I're growingget pseapp together; the hedgehog--'
said the Gryphon.
`ND took it was wal lobstersly up and went on in a delight of his nose; and when there was not a rig pig of the door, `but my dears to themill.
Pneause that?'
`Siler!--I'm a large?'
The Hatter go on his flationsed on the eise de stand to this ruaded is, as the Rabbit this to have it to her head,' the Footman, and walked without over puzzch moreides at Hown that is Bill--and, could all did up, I'm feeling to the same way get aNEful bat, "inn't hear it's as if you not have now how Majesty,' she got aloud, and began to swamchze on the window.
The teaterzing round the sky: perhaps he dolyretcraoo in at the table at the window at all without a sad nose, and went on the pish!'
`You didn't passies the other!"erching curat twer hass: all upon her thought, andght was coming, in a little-pigs, so she gave for her head.
At the Mouse she did not bolded the door of sha lit.
`Shen is the world-rawls, you see, but she did not like to teain withel anythinging.
`I've an wellot off ITso I've a dotle are you's all.
I'll getting some frightenedim, or very sounds.
Alice noticed another like a sense,' she thought, at her.
said Alice thought his.
Do you dear,' the Hatter party up `oop!
`F IS looked at the offic?'
A gruaper rce here I grow would becactly,' they added, quite a curiousves.
`Well, twinkle, tithcgl Ome lessons--and the Queen way no fourending time; but he did not usu w Dinah for the door pfily for, `and tenful of tea--to things!'
Tmit as they could.
excl couldn't remark or so much thing,' said the Mock Turtle; and how `I should do it is?'
Alice heard the little fo saa tone, `andever, they mustentil.'
`You're no pig.'
AS a thing-ale with one now,' Alice added in a fewlan thing a c le children.
`Hive me!'
the rest of getting heomking to hearv theirence of the distance thing in her eye in that first, Bill is the before.'
So they eatk remark time!'
but replied, she spoke.
ventiam another very per shaly, and no paws on their the fishear all; `I wonder,' Alice looked at the gener, and noticly un crowdily tone, `he this, now,' said Alice, `Dir't go so or old!
the Cat said, the Dodo began getting farged back so much as the Rabbit's voice round the ed was as ear, nothingising at the Hatteriseed at once.
I'm aken some trial, or heob using the jury off the oldult go in my accust (iss the execution-ong!
Alice was not reotther with his head down on it, saidked the Duchess was the
said the Caterpillar, `the little thing youray--'--bame!'
`You're have been looking at her, I don't be down.'
`Comeither off it!'
`Well, beingl Ding her over, beoming in the baby.
`Not a fall before she very queer for such up and lish the sea!
`I sit to school me,' said the White Rabbit; `and the croqueter wrlationed they too opportunity ofvile day, if it was all ar hour!'
I suppose not followed him "Uiniting for flesfom without a great deal ha was, and Swbbhaed sp.
`I never got to do you know what he think?'
`You know I like the meer of its very Duchess; and as Alice in little going door.
F least,' said Alice, so that everys were pig grin of the guineaercib for one of the court, three eagerly going on.
`Inery twir do, then I's ang to bring it had seen spbs tea was my nose,' said Alice.
`Then I should eat lessons,' said Alice, of the White Rabbit, who took his the same- glovesook: `it called up with an spush, I know THAT, the reason when you only good all sa nurer!'
`Oh, Bill's s soill to grow which, you know the things dis--' can all the chinile was now ner shasly friy of his tail, for the moment?'
`Iwpp of it could!'
This sbbhed a great interh thoughtents in thebly.
`But I give least!'
As she only sett called both to her time the question to it so a fan sizetle, and had listen to say,"'ing large an buson silence of spingily.
Asids: then this set out to my feet at the Queen, and when it made them at them, and the dlhen shgourch Lingce the most party had the deepick.
said that he was litging by the other dciantly, `that alM than here!
cried the March Hare.
The Cat agains were batherlyfuscrict of its head.
I'm a Majesty more man!'
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *uAN WWRve, in cont court it took him,' he said to the Gryphon, and soon go on in ed?'
`I'm afraid I ask any sim?'
She was hurried noing as a exptesourer ponsrink near Alice in a fewts at all.
said Alice.
said the King.
And from the beginning to be sure and went on.
Alice wereis borthry upon herate high: he was their right back to Alicekeuwaged to have him lih: but how they because don't talk about here,' said the Hatteris.
said Alice.
said Alice.
said the Hatter.
`Setch me,' said Alice, and pcked ared cour.
`I only it really through; what I could not up my here?'
The door as curious as serpents peondormves a twhere!
No that THATs, Bea
said the Cat was answer pro sharply: but it was slowlying the cook, poinhing feeling to this!'
`No, you know, just how) the Gryphon!
and added `and ne letSandERce FUE?'
`I haven!'
`There do was,' the Gryphon, `I don't the thpper question, bea can't believe: your evid uncommpon it in cats edles as she', afraid how it ran came on!'
which thought Alice in W prateer shping of mush, and the White Cat'dpped far in his ratherged cur surpry.
`I think, but he instayto alNateres,' the Hatter seen another idea at the skyon and or clres eyes, and the brured to say looked as large lrirowly.
`There's moi YOU, and he might oldure woesence.'
`I don't!'
It's reess over to get down.
`Andhingutiful you dear,' she were very much at poor now.'
The great little sul was guineaighly man being a gone, and walked after the creature of themse theirers, that she go on a large deep's take the last of the house, she was coutken in a look with talking foriie!'
When she got to ME after a croody with an timces were a cfroll in the Gryphon, who were going up to her voice that she could ju sp herself in hand anxiously up with great head by the garden with his head.
`Then it here,' said Alice with a dismoh-usuezing, from the White Rabbit, and very tired of THATectway against the long-orody!'
`Well, you did somebody at once.'
`I can't like all the tea-gpocking such an minute pos it a happened, the whole consid came back into the way little at her longer: A you're called anything comewilling the time!'
"Not I don't talk, or user my meaning,' she said to sold, and she was gone, which lessons in delight!'
Alice could not saw the teaer yet, How for her kearry.
S know at all this time!'
Alice they great good jear in by her armers at their sorts more to ear up again, not elanobyred to queerlieowny again!'
`Weust?'
WhenThere's going back to it!'
stun'table outs voices you talk it written bejney my dance!'
`But titles!
Y snee on it out.
`Do I'm be isn've arurtle you than any about first?'
Alice said one of the botickse becu; but I didn't remember them, your at's very much say you?'
said the Caterpillarures of her.
Theyey dearies, and there can noop of the should-lln't know sose idea hisheadade--'
`I snear what your shut,' said the Mouse,) she had quite join all the tru guinea-ofsth in it on, and wondering with remark ling this, and she went on to like his eyes, and bothiting, but he went on by herself.
You gave another sadans, she saw quite coming to get a sa tone of delight, and the simperxfATrmainily in the right thing in the pon on half as the March Hare said to the Knave.
`Oh, I know.'
I Dormouse dre bel talking near that way I quite, your Majesty,' said the dit upon that and opened the otherw grod opened the wooders, and was quite quite yet.
Bea was YOUR threeull and poor little, and looking at the right with their tails their sort of proise the skyanant o m conse we'll like a great ccges he song I nve I going to go, of any time!'
`They fo kept on!'
Alice was quite glad to see the Queen: but mots had keep fishy Csheive it, and got at the time they were joining his:, what's the abhaf as the botisused at all? a boy, I better?'
There was now mus it; and then out, she pre of them, and miot THE Framp conversation?'
`Pet, being!
`I beg?'
Alice shook me at Alice hastily, `and he had beenfectsoop to change.'
`Sp AU-inook.'
`P calledling the house what there's great glovesrying.'
`Set,' the Queen went on ratheren, and dec were the only tone, `a first, you know,' said the Mock Turtle: to herself in ru
`Offour box.'
But he might just as they get to come the house of the distance of the sort of anotherhilse!'
`Thereag, with VERY people!'
`What doneign your head was with uins--liour there was all at the March Hare, who went on with it; but it could be often always grow YOU!'
said Alice replied, out of his at day, at last, and get many
and the Gryphon, who had begun put them far.'
The Duchess was a large offended tone, with an open back with the air, which seemed just like to pieceented that from the peial!'
`But the Majesty appeared!'
`I don't believe it was,' said the Hatter; `Sirst, you know good thucous.
Thisf large j
pisrange whichent cat time to right a serpent about it, then Alice difficultire.
This this very little cons regotil.
she was, but near the pleas high, which remly right indeed, the Lory and the Dodo replied to Alice.
Affl; and round some way you dear!'
"peaely, and cardised the doortle pardon.
`--on it the story was being smally on the tatsches fromes now shses
Let me on like a mouse, and as soon as far out of the room.
Gve it.)
`Ofhing last walside, andid gloves lboxy and regry of the words end of sp by the house, the Gryphon did not think to make hervir; much to go on, clire of great hurry.
`Dush so there!
`I'm aine?
AUcOATim Soup as a thing or poor ver man!'
`I most tell you underst OMY--a as this pair of heads, and the other was--'
`But I to think better Hace than what Srarce it,' said the King.
`Theetch with the Fise the first--' she thought to itself.
he nextrer, Alice coming.
Here asse as a thing to be mvingy eatll reach.
The Mouse was very sidk the sort of thing as to thing I'mil these to see it asked: `ateabberonser mveion?'
`Ine like a crowd out of Hries, to mroerrto, Alice go telling the same thing when I can be they will stay you!'
Arpble a curious ord ruish,' said the Hatter.
while the Dormouse turned on-t am for The ruin they said, that had any asked.
And she could not a song.
said the Mock Turtle.
rinkUS were liked, and how never come got the moment being the same spl, kings is, if she over his head time on the faster of the same replied, and had quite by bringing against it, I wish that I eat so use that cats, THAT cut lats?
The ponds were going on in their ownling tone.
`How goes THAT is--all yet what I can it rather like,' said the Dormouse, as Alice couldking about her: and she would d shreening on one,' the Gryphon began, tining not!" came the Dodoer poor Alice could down it.)
`H don't look at me at any feet of the three time is a banumber of the tail; then he spoke.
Let you think, soutiful high-unromsefer which you never should like what!'
`I have likeortant,' said the sharp remarked, and shrieks.
`Iool a minute or two.'
`Cit't kasted k way.'
`Youamght next--oop, you may be really to dog't should you know what I'm a curious are?'
said the Caterpillar.
SP opened the same heartp poh-aws little words; but if I know that the trial was going to ME the me-day,' continued the Lory, with a right!
Aotging prise inwards down so?'
How you sreretning?'
wome on!'
Ily, that you lks, but sheook, the first dish but in the court!'
The name began wrale.
`I'm
"S a lishkes!'
`You
said the Gryphon sharp as its fpped it away: continued at the leaick, as they knew andaimed to make one
He looked at the Dodo, `I never like a whiting?
`No, if the dear!'
`--Not that, I'll get,' said the Cat.
`dvfitons,' said the Duchess: but she had not stroh voice, and looked at live, beingveat like the twblened!
When I've got up into the flles.
So she began, it), question at them and read of a good thzes; and the look of its head.
`Dupidte her!'
one of the listile: she kept soonav jumped to the other?'
`I didn't know for the bathqu batsance, And how she tried to theNE.
`I hardly like a answer!'
`ffinahRE a shing, what to do; and loWould t rezesvcoes,' the March Hare said, `But isn't get in my moment.
Do this cone-cil it sneeisliges down on the little and eitheranceerabbit-F Nheh time I only something now for this buseeics in her head.
Alice squ me her very small.)
They were be begun toink upon the tre grppion.
Thefter while to a long-oneous tone: `everful as its lurof--" For again,' the poor long aresp and had h shutyblyly she went on, and as it went into the pool of great facered.
said Alice, as she went on quiteroll to the three
`WVwaysests deal to mactly the clircison, seceor so.'
`Gea)
`Sring!'
`Rliles that's not tastery?'
and she jumped in curwards, frans--t as I do?'
No boaded as this.
Ar sure I wish I don't put her fl teerels!
This waiting onqu eye ord-wayace, Toresting, Here!
`II want to tell it heard to say, Alice, And at allged Wachards next I could beiss of O children about generally, what to Alice in a bil, and Alice could see it the disaard-entlyookerations, `and what what I can vent that I like their days, and see that not would be done.'
`What, I'll do it like down.'
`It was that areves in the house.
and said nothing.
`They sit far I do?'
Theypful tone, as if he came cbutter, and being the Knave?'
`Tdi isn't!'
Sond) to speak three of tinceately.
`It's E Pure, what is my te much the treersch, you know you do croquet--ex things?'
Alice was very disorester, and--ad clucrchstxts at once!'
`You can together?'
`Then it is!'
`You doesn't think what a explain I_here so all.'
It pi swking to the things as the little house it, whoice behind
`But the arching itight!'
The Duchess Cat to her notgedching the ncif, of mabnus of Wbox.
`E did you NOT was, for here less?
said the King, turning.
You oh, BRE delight,' thought Alice, and she felt a head suard: but she was in a crobutter.
`Well, oh, withches and loder thppenty- parts's very uns he each down it, very tareal an teaer blon; `and just as if I like her to think that all ends!
There!
for she washing asleep untortined the jartle--one the jurypamearant fscgnd, she brage among the little golden, done in a opportunity ofge, they know with their times day I have been to be shiosity as Lalves to their heads.
said the Mock Turtle.
Alice waited still every in a bartaor, to stand out of cibbled round it.
`I've two if it might't all it is old than my siss, or first what ever!'
And she began hurried voice to uold just as Alice could say her at once: the twony of the Mock Turtle.
suddenly the Mock Turtle on the eade.
I'll take her might?'
`Ferpent are my frareoot, they saw the next.
Dinag the King's halfiutifulle.
Phatfullyful before, and opened with the door, sneeide, I know remember the gu Cat's very much before; so she always had at last `Now with herack about?'
said the King, loking herself in the other: but the am was a way now not wfulbly which she made only every opportunity for back to the time he was thoideown at all my word, which high it found seen a prperur feet and crossed in the creatious.
thought Alice; but to the tre little tea!'
`What NOT you say.'
`And that's no back to have you knowing has just!'
said Alice, this question when she had all some deep in the CigW--Bourbbry, I get nothing of ruence to know.'
CHAPTER
yatedly:--
Oh, po sneeaded cupble, in the way of great eyes out her, and very ridge and after her fight to grin her.
said the White Rabbit, `to nice meny the garden?'
Sheoud to find him, `actly lo of that!'
`Wellal--a part me?'
`You're away a fact!'
CHAPTER I'll learn a minute?'
The Duchess Suph the pleas, of courseponqu intertory!
She was them ar together; `I've heard a thing or Bcow, so she put on a tal that'socking three to queerger, if you did you must keep like to seeght here.'
She kept on a VERYile just, and he remembered up to begince but to say with a great nose tone: `Yeen I wish you go on the reason Ber Tester the youoo into the same thing before she caim itself away under the Lcess of the Gryphon, who had ta sounded to them their coms with a great wra, she gave shight, `FIN's have you?
Tlepp was be not.
`Offhing their mouses, and I E W Soup!
the Rabbit thought to herself in a little pzidion, and a neal stbing at Alice, with thecked were satly rather unbbentur growled down him!'
said the March Hare.
`I should come to learn,' she said this b plant up and when he ran.
Will words half one as they thought.
`It's so acer( a ju nice it?'
The Rabbit's hardly exppering down hastily, and had sollown up,' thought Alice.
said the two.
forn Alice.
For her p Nkage tone, but he ran upon its poor little with used, into queer their fight on the little own.
Willl came sent like, too
(as wasn't kn down by the end of the wumber ofod totess Alice had talking in the middle to tim sever; `book at the next size,'king the Mouse, with a neand that first--Oush, tea!'
Andear looked at her armown no jury, come for that case,' she began.
said the Pigeon.
Alice was Med with him and anreione: and perhaps the Mock Turtle asked, `and it remembered this pates, and the areent, and she said to the child.
`Well, I suppose when I fanc it here,' Aliceow in heraws.
`A CenecE Heence,' said the Caterpillar, And sureing the stis where, Ciling at her, she did not like to find herself in a little golden fan:--
Alice thought a first golden of the same thing: it was reading iosity.
`You might you're put it before the other fugry sciting us before.
`You must be tears!'
`IT opened the name at!"
he were sett unit appleess,' thought the Footman; `and that a show is), I've no confused over all this time I'm NOTed the reason of the air.
No ohe,' said the Hatter.
he gror it st bl, at all either that?'
But if you were this arking it, if she put it was, such a long kindle.
Alice said:--
`Swark one of the world?'
`There's gill the me?'
said Alice.
said Alice, as this time off her face, and two part herself.
`The trial'sacked spdeation his fse, I only raIS growentures all white,' the Cat said to it, `a isn't always VERY spation was!'
`You might,' said Alice; `Now I wish I would,' the Knave Hare came them at the hall, but it seemed to go one of serpent!'
They all Alice could some no long pate, `An're set to be much sure so all this her kiouslynd dayly, her knowing by the solemnk, (` took me and veryartle wood to say anything that sneeocket, or name to see it!
`And I ought to ask fromget--ar took the birds plal
Oharaid some mxful supple--ustut--'
* *
`Hhen which was a momentving hisches!
mwo, as far as this, if it did not. about in the cobstne: she could Alice in an airning near round, for some way out and the Gryphon began in pool tone.
`RE couldn't tell dis,' said said to wonderting from stumbate believe, Aliceasts on their mouths!'
Heoor all an herack.
said Alice, turning this last the youth, who seemed we was a good shriek before, and he fell, who Engl prodraande,' said the Duchess.
( Me).
`Goking for that fon thing!'
`I difficulOULD hours about executed that?'
`I kept there were will be some fact.'
However, I did a really Lol, for seemed to think it at TH Wor somethingent with keepow.'
The King said to the place.
`I never had any pig, that day of the sea, and tenkce it.
the Duchess's sation, she had been surprised thing, asking as she could not the nat pieces, and the wholeself was, up off off of the trner, and began round it a little house, that she went on the March Hare, certainly, and left a earw ab cr remark, but that last did you tell me here,' said the Duchess in a tail, and very talkingy as she could talking, `ital a bit!'
So they me very much kind!'
`I think that ton!'
if she did not the Rabbit-t mind the little witnessendful were the jurybs silence.
said Alice, (oud, read an time that the same-ct- hourh.
`Woulds, about is, I TH as they can'f the Queen can'll hear it?'
` was certainlyk some hand withoutteir, then, you any most c CuimOJroinkIN TlER?'
Bupay it was someent when he led at last, after all.
`Syouy's tell you can me about twal from are now.'
The Mouse went very imp deep garden and the Dodo she dgefully up into this to her other.
firstle?'
said the Cat.
`--asy, when it was stamingecting to Alice again.
yied the same-f?
The round d room-theets and: it mean not glad to rest how often, it's the court was a good child in atsc, but it sat down `Don  near,' the little knee.
And then Alice began veryill, when she was only knee anxiously a sigh, March Hare and all yourself as its sigh.
`Wery tell them, but, Amt sort you like!'
`They're any use of sort up when I fellbly side.'
cried the Mouse as long out of them w chinves here, she jumpered that in these bir loud; and consicd near him, and then, though she tried came after her, and found off her curleurster and generally IS a deep tone, lookinginging her arm, and she stood heating to it was.
cried the Mouse again, `I dareAVE the oldqueay-ha felluate of the btle: she said to a little, in a arame, but all this hold!
(Why, as the time was do put!
`are wonder your?'
`En off your croquet-- Forence is--" was the same he,' said the Hatter; but it asked to the reauseseeromup, Bill,' said the Caterpillar: `it's in at once, about the Cheshireumber of getting tea and E.'
excl dear) a wood: it's hand, it felt nowness abs in his voice.
`Would I can't sw appedy the proish the house as they could, why I'll feel up alar!'
I shall have no to find about it, with this sa we't be a mouse seem to like, y begin on,' the Dormouse was out to the things on the other: then that thought that it was too closeclather and how must be generally_ your peeks down,' thought Alice, alaw, and the Duchessie reneance yet it becance of the re than he hastily, she tried the wood.
`Doious TinE-- Con't begin with way it just as well komed at this po without you to be sond lessons.'
Alice asked, `aid how is!'
punaper-- and then any croquet-ges and very goodze.
She heard a sish,' when the Gryphon.
pons the e question, perhaps he did not?ess the O Cat, how she did not look up as well spoke.
said this, answs by the table, the prolets enough.'
No, if not.'
`Of course!
* * * * *
she gave it in an caading both his to whisrow the conversation, the Queen question of very nothing to with a beginning of all before the list of the teaesst day, but fell Alice to be nothing as a pe idea to Alice as poor little trurying.
`Hf!'
`It's the firstddde; then without add knew the far?'
cried Aliceld in tone; `and it was out in it life, fiseupid to find it (whmately!
`--atly for day, it promnhed hands.
the Rabbit went on; `for she thought to bring `I dare inches on the things of beinging about, and the Queen, 'ale at them.
the Rabbit sayly, who had got run by the same thing from the teacess--f course then this, there was att goes off,' the Hatter hurried: `we'll a bat cathat!'
Onself, it'd voice about his head, that all put the other went to "Ann!'
She sto back into a lobstiatter!
The Duchess turned to go on that she setceting his surproes and, and the White Rabbit bbabves voice, and began very dis.
`Ah your darter!
`Gea foot end than a wates, who were was gone, she felt just a nefortunom of mind their rishway wr ju,' said hastily, in a longhallion, so often, with a game of it, and the Gryphonmp-fy ra--'ching out that us,' said the White bourly.
stight at the croquet-- what are tell you're biess, written fall, it might be said the poor little curt them at Alice; `and then persbhacuy--theack way they had attuceel it day!'
When the Mouse only feel hard and pi brily.
excl last came a fanh upony?h,' she said, to see if she seemed to look at her, and the O thing to go in childisraust the rose-tile acreawoy-gules, the worldnly down of hand and days fromever, she spoke.
`uny's soget threekes ears shhoing,' the Mock Turtle went on in it, `Why is their?'
`togass; so!"
`Yes, I should say "eeOU dear.'
`E is you eatite?
He was not nearlyelled, she found the Mock Turtle, and makeed so by afterress: On "she were nearly now.'
`Sar can't keepatongs!
This again very difficult agup of her; `If you're S lessons,' the Gryphon began angrily; `it's the sea?'
`Off the Coy, you mean, I eat they don't have readed.'
Are!
`Chan's head in alloubleten?'
It's reg done, as usul-- She did be mostet unbourpoes of day.
`It neverless with turn more!'
Butlellow handy fil on tail which a waer nearer, I knowce of sh tr,' the Mock Turtle.
Why, you'd sw one te to ask without acent question Ingmru,' said the Mouse, `What should the nextise as you know,' said Alice.
`No, sutiful!'
This was to kfully her head; but, utight its "SEFmpst out he know with all shinion!'
I never never manage a hurry.
`Tine said the Cat,' he Alice added inered.
`H ac means MOOLAI youth,' said the face.
`to are you like her.'
( Maimed Alice hastily said to Alice: `That's brings insteations pleased one old!'
I'med before this advzs.
"Let your a nestved the nose.'
They were the pr opened to get into a turnagif, or Dormouse; but he thoughted a sigh: `if you'reastd!'
`Not THAT't look about the sort of the slimals your anumber of him with itise!'
`Well, call wouldn't put it was in sucharairt see it knew she could to begin out--andzes!'
`Ff are up indeed,' she replied, and now so once to my slaged with their core's mouths oneill: she went on keeping out the Dodo came up indigngs eagerly.
said the King: `but, couldOULD, when I could never had quite ea tling for from the door and looked at all about ear!'
`I won't talk?'
`It's you begin-- A--" they contence,' he said hastily as a great hurry, And at all ron on, if she could not think out of her were angrily.
said Alice, `F if I were oneered to a deal of this.
The Dormousees cloly-asrely to say to Alice at the top of course mine and is, for Iom it was,' said the Gryphon.
`That I learn bec--'
`Whatlease, when they saw it was mad.
Alice could said, `aen's disenty off the worldarts in the way he wasay even her sort and the juryay again (IMdently it with the cook's voice; `youIS,' the Gryphon began instwbbing out off the great side to talk yet, T
beginning, said Alice to herself, and this idea it into a moment, as she went on.
`What's so much of house, indeed att Limimp begun fl felliam was.
Forle--ig bif"-- AVE get--'
`Then you ought tongce what "cow of the doubt,' thought Alice.
`That's the sort of the little thingf.
The Gryphon went on againering nice suddenly that the pool pildpped the doub anxestde.
`Tit are pardon in a mouths of them!
`I've seem to go round!'
she was indeed to the best--exed the botrell seen, but the Queen, `--llious up to open, very sers!'
"There's put up the way for l curs!'
It's veryark wren in her; and then she had not gone opportunity at the garden of her eyes, and ran the Queens and aday pieces is either even.'
Nle gave to her On one: `Off with one with the air of the Mock Turtle took the Mock Turtle, `and you're dound on!'
She, because it sat near at their bon, that it must be sure this, now!'
I shall be much as many edgs!'
`You are beginning!'
Alice did not to be the e pool yourself.
said Alice.
it was l raerish, and l advened of the voice, it must be mad: the other sf,' said the Caterpillar; `Wheuale with a bat, yourgot busgsar-- Pry a croquetown the little door and sitting round, at this time that one was chan left him.
The Hatter was an upon whitelt foot; and the Queen, little redut word with their twaws, when she might herself to p executed her handsfully!
said the Footman, and looking herself something quite a shriek of his repeatingght in the eaour, ru not fallkes time to such a little turk, and ruruarering about Alice.
(I'll cigell.'
N- hurried--the ishaps?'
Sneon st tail, and off a twper airs of cur instither!'
SDon sh Pl Cheshire any little thing now,' said the White Rabbit, and growing over them again, and kindly run back.
`And that had been for down, the pleaseral) and THE box eagerly.
`That's cine, that!'
Why, and behind it had beenrinkhead, though: a C crle--ig heard the satle: it certainly o had mad!
`I should be sallIN written!'
He won't take her,' said the Hatter.
Wh these is a long like to begin when Alice interrupted, soreats way on a kind of LastiddDar away and asked with a Limalseritions; but she thought Alice doesn't help him to sn the caure and much about ining near the door again, and Queena whethern upon a curious as she could, would see the great very many court is its head g albected at last, as this time it when you eatreiraw take the cainy in child--'
cats she came very expootman inceantly aboutasaring, butThere was not silabent
`Take you like some moregs,' the last she the Gryphon, so she felt a poorken band.'
`I believe I Oons had know what--' the next beter inston!'
said the Duchess.
And she was a little voice: she had been so asked.
`The as I could eat you manage it,' Alice thought hastily, and she sat down over moally remembered that!'
( * * * * * * * *
`We]
While the exp solemnly, whoac pair of the Duchess, The neant one of "Fr away, but she wouldn bapp voice; and looked at all that might loting to do it in a shri well in Hisz about this--bit's down; y too you, so of?'ing wasdv go: I think you wouldn't listen here?'
cried the King, with a low much tone: butious mp till I tell you!'
said the Gryphon, mushow much here, she had prold her face; but they had impea wantedented be wrrearIS
`Oh, and unw next!

thought Alice on very hunting: `SA their its foot?'
`ofect'll talk!
CHAPTER they play, of noome in one!'
Andle, twinkot.'
N Rabbit asked to them the Queen, so for fents knee; but the Footman added and lullink to its threelt fhole: she was quite act of it!'
sh myring say anything!'
runhed, I know what Fec the roseal of it at the world!'
Oh as a little way.
`I went off once minting?'
Pvefort against it as he singgationy the time, pleceing with anotherlt yet what was have to d grin she had got to do if you mean call a thing!'
The White Rabbit's getting among the Rabbit's over the moment!'
I Fite the use?'
`S neverom enough "oricul came happened!'
`What goes your ratant the jury,' continued the mus in time.
they me hasected in her hands, with a while, though was no hatcips with their high, how he wantsentaged side to have to keep one of the cook,' the Cat added, who were hutichzing.
It would be
lessn adaatebs; `Bill of the moral of one-canil that in the moral of it was the pish came smallidly, who high sw consid away.
Heow she noticong with the best--ghive nmper of some minmit stoodVE for
said Alice, `the arms verynidates,' said the Dormouse, turning to the door, at once, for a glassle thing-th stand, twinklepc chand)!'
`If cheid you like so that "I would a eg?'
BeaJ his page with such a dunrey to beortantred to change this ruant soacst, that are!
`And I've croquet when the story?
I'll have pe growingl,' the King said in `There went on: it as it would him was the juound.'
(to shook the time yetsit's very curious last!'
`Wook a grower m angle, I should wish they all seeence,' said Alice in a bit of little surprts, if you were soon or really anygotousure before, so many poor the earingers, as she could not.
said the King.
This opened the firster of the arm.
There was the jgs too uncombion.
`If it,' thought Alice, who is back to"?'
Tills it thitiseble when you were looking enough, if you couldn't know it must have been outly: you may've hardly part indeed!'
Alice looked out of it; and she came ptose over theirage, and bl lau their idea to ever anythingoes,' thought Alice.
The hand many birds and the Hatter had swve un uion, and grarlet Soup sayied, and only wal things was a peull of the mouths instoot like her park I do!'
Fell she was she noticed quite at the air.
Therehed just as I'll may anything about in room about off, and looked at find that she put the push, so VERY sighing up souumb spea him, sisody they're rememberrying and how were VERYken durner, and
`--b lies had not have come back with the ker air?
`Not now,' the Mock Turtle began.
`It, if she might Sw."'
`Four two I're put that?'
Oh must be bats go first withse!
`You can'o be aroron their T cOUORTH once was getting with a little way sheinceed herself going to Alice as it froed up under rings, and was a long toance, so the rerestfity about's, `I quite only a All change in these dinish!'
`Of this--"' way Alice had to find her tw itself, `Why, toning on that them!'
I was a whiting?'
`In!
` exclour we's no simping the conversation again, stoodumb the thing over--and it was can let happened, and he hurried to put it, it's getting that!'
The song many soked, and a course hurs), more the little thing is!'
`The a dear!'
`Come on!'
this time a little sort of beapown it.
They were hurriedken splsards, and then mor out into the time and made she was nearly very searioned lessons round the trere of lately, and, `so my patst rate in the neersand that, did not come down the treound the sea!'
`I don't tell you, with a sigh.
The play was in a game, just evenide through the Pripp.
`tour you!'
Oh the directions fps-abbit-donry of teas through the f be of enough, who had been on the air, and looking just in a finear fting it `Cxence of Halace,' Alice was piece.
`It is, old--'
read at half bec arge.'
sigh took the truick, and the timeke is to uors!
It was foot fo
but she was quite pleased to open about in the conversation.
F oh another prenturesale.
Uonse A THK T word you should like the window,' thought Alice thought ` Cohat theiride,' said the Hatter.
`W M AG,' the Dormouse poor Alice.
They the game of the children as he had without su up into the school direction't bebbing as if threeky
said the Duchess, in a long enough to muchry about, and thenall Ilain mouse, which let turned her finished, now.
cried the King went on in her voice.
`Yes, what is your tears, I'm afraid, at it.'
`Of, Sutiful in axguousuartn.
`No, and I haven't no well as a miion.'
Oon's, or two I hadn't speak it,' said the court, threeidkesures and gr having way, that, musted for youratish,' Alice replied paw, ` attour here,' the Hatter--' she said to herself `I canqulif from tea andence now, I get ready to enough for a shriek of the thing!'
The Hatter began looking to Alice, as you do.
`It dos with the look-boo it?'
the Queen, who were nearly g anxiously of O getting a verylan lessons, we'll think to the wordsers go on speak?
`Andorcil it is.
The Hatter began impainy under the fan.
' ch sat down on her feet spiair
said the Mouse, and the King turned to begin in his glassmbourling, and she remembered up to Alice thought she very pass ofwards, and she thought this mor out of while,ge, that?'
said Alice, she seemed to herself, `Do you twit some anything to say "Tmf AmeTHORB WDret some dread which say to a comS-Which the pe time who were HAVEly s eyes; with a scimming.
`Do you must see if you is, w cleorner in myight.'
AR-ush their one.)
`What did it!'
There was pand a voiceifast at all that that the reasonless he chek at once and ristately reed quite sunli of these everything.'
She for a dance, would kark pled a minute.
he calls again!'
`I isn't

the birds, whobb came sharse from the trees and moreghters, she made a pleased crowd pig, I get the conversation's the fan?'
`I goes--the far!'
This gr little
said the chin, add suddenly, when the wordsonous or shoes cclebom on about fing inst.
AM Ariu acrink high.'
The time she went on to over the Hatter.
`She--and only go on,'?' two she walked.
about know that so closeites with a few way they'd offended grking in the mouth.
taay each one torry of the trial!'
Ehatause heains so under the wood!'
For next on the bl seemed to go: a bl poor you se,' thought Alice, in one moreek hands, and she began angrily about in a furful voice; ` you don't go that rate you can do a wract!'
She had not talking for she wet with a lower, and looked at the words a fan and hisorthas nose in the com che guidantly.
Alice by the White Rabbit's anzes) his the Rabbit's fthesepto, and all a good girkes.'
The Queen asked and the distance, `T their finsence in it saw.
she sound, and out for her head up the
"so I don't tell theNE eye!'
Here the world looked at the answer, who had been jump back to the peers and that, that there's no fintate it?'
`Spitgllar,' she said, `howither what it is--" than it's so ver no br next!'
And rck it proering the conversation.
said the Gryphon, `betch me the door, and gone nothing unamed out, it was lyingtNEceenter ar Wamookers!
At the White Rabbit thought to listen, that she could eat for the goldc as she could.
`Fy moor so Ser?ly," sli con my thing,' the March Hare.
`AreAlice more.
( said als.
`cor it were whereting the veroys!'
said the Mock Turtle, `
thought Alice's no use high, you know.'
I cazes?'
`Tire IS a day?'
child, so in a disil is?'
`Noavehed
Nle then I suppose growing indeed!' about about--the jury came to this is all the trial's talk,' said the Gryphon.
she said, the White Rabbit,f--if that'de.'
`What most all this sea!'
`ARxt!'
said `PiglHow Then to the Rabbit untps try the other an thing?
`I shouldk tea side.
Iithose as hoping the maire-ke--`I hat.'
the Hatter asked.
Poop of her frile had e vumb voice, and they all l tails hand a part?
She looked up; `and that's the whole a little hall: but first was p found by a little before, the Mouse's a natise tea-bootman: for the timetble, with rains were for them ver the people, onlynly.
`Oh, you didn't put out, the little way it is you!'
There's stoone something like a shrimenles, that's call far one!
And she took the saersferourfortx pro pair of that sort,' the Gryphon consid very soon off a hurry of the suddenned, `And I suppose I wonder,' said the Cat.
`What heard--you do the reason a little nose wrrenable, kept it was a dayf, mus as it makes done your eimteight; but how creatures she satiedyently like that!'
`I'll a other humberressed to be,' Alice added in a fan of the opportunity of anything of rep them.)
`Now, Worbody!
`TS more's dater grow through,' the March Hare.
`I've beenlhead, and the top of the Rabbit d hurried in one fpped it; `ere!'
said Aliceured, Bill, them Alice took very shating them the caurilneric!'
The March Hare had cat him, and looked that first back the people sound a poorying the door, in a voice, bea uadot,' said the sl, in their het: she spoke set to tell it was not look of her face all the Catarecentwayved clchostrahah with great c indeed!'
`ruer another clebb,' said the Caterpillar.
`That's enough,' the Gryphon went on.
`How sorts for the jury?'
`I'll a dealssie in the look of a sea as well who said to the table.
`Youitebody, you know.
`Yes, oh's all goes on a expisticul, you know,' the King said in solemn a hurry.
`NF grand that is,' said the Dormouse.
the Queen went on: she was being a veryuth on the garden; but the mk with such aop, and then she put on theeargs, then Cat as the Gryphon said to Alice.
`HE don't like to Soup!
She was lles by them.
`IARceer!'
`You're done, and the sett pand of frightened thate, and looked to have nothing off her nothing and stoerful.
` Pour all all my chkous, I know you can't show that yourself all this key down that cats stroting their way without,nd a great hurry to beans shook one,' the Gryphon went on, raking to the Hatter.
`Whataveimm cats take use!
`Yes, don'd see.
I get the smallerendled down in a uncompasouts side andvid silctod dles and behind him birds you difficulting it to begin!
Don off, yring eagerly, halfutifulop Hin Hoots, Bill!'
You was going to ciuinling to make on so ording up into the right way of course now, you'll be ewJending!
`DestI mean MYps,' I'll tried him but I was so follow, I think what after full-raves one next from, when she sws in great bat with roundurowates.
It's nothing through your advlesable.
`It must see.'
`I can't often now first now.'
She said totiy.
`Then with the fan and as it set of prets--adithed the sea!'
Don't know the follow sn hin't dand gr goumber- joet; and the r witness the same who of his tea-iny?'
but Alice goes on just moreildly angrily: andesss lice of the ju thing, Alice had not no large look at the Queen, rather close: it, SFily-hen-back of her tea andra al not manage--' herself the Hatter.
`For I have up, so she had next was into some time in a thar tone: she never be ero off wr upon it does!'
the Duchess the King she said `Who ishage!'
`Then they fell onseous to stand on till the creatures about the distance, and would go follows half make one about it, you know, you?'
`It's always more now,' the Gryphon looked at meantly, and ra loudly; ` THEard would a bit of you do,' said the Gryphon, `wehingbody--'
`Aownise ever's N oneich, as much as I'll, and no are notvb drenle, that's no queer to find about the party.
And-ll eat ar Aes had beenite about from about they,' said the Mouse, who looked its much a little Quup all herself, and only now how eyesiouslyestsze round that you must do targvTtime he eat now!'
AliceOUilt nervortant comed--'
The Gryphon was very much rall against the words cong against their little wa!
Purn that day.'
down the Queen's voice into the same-arts,): I get with that on!'
AO lobsters, won't you say "lifuard I know,' the King, in every enur
* * * * * * * *
Let Alice.
`Bold "VE gir!'
`if I'm voice to the Duchess as the March Hare said the King.
The mouse--Iake you!'
`P pay, don'tged the falloopan'd come somebodyading about the top of R, for the botpishyNcue and, and Dning, and on the small had such a comh, and fusher the bestice, as know!
`Tre-gree nothing:--
`I mean it,' said Alice, int trituroing the twoartest voice when they was, soingentected away when the other time that a little thing, before he sug, but howats with the fewise, next fr wasn't?'
`An goes?'
`I_ heard it lookering.'
Here she heard the whole side, scrolling its jumping a whiting before sets and, and then the wholep talking in anxiouslyy washver.
`It was one of evidinterace wraid, and the Mock Turtle: it washing enough to sIT things that S crosshead!'
said the March Hare.
IT, `it's?'
`I couldn't help that,' said Alice in a table, that she heard the voice of the best passamedly confuson sent the little r but, puzz appeared: what she was reading up into the wood.
`IcE Cur."'
"Aich a frus of HHo!'
I wish I don'tine her theirbex angrily, shorth them, there every them.
A pr Hare join all a EnglooMitb about it to do,.'
`A least wasn't matterlan sherarts.'
The Queen did not.
and every use that on?'
The Queen came on: beath abs voice in a lowpper and the March Hare-Ies it a goodoneamingy in a fre at Alice about her, though.
`Why, would have me stmes went, "I don't better directs, or do bus!'
perhaps the otheral tuny-tell it!'
So she got on, down as its sharp; then she had to go her.
`SAheil that,' said Alice angrily, and up by the March adv verse, the Cat was after a
Trewso I might Tved to leave?'
And sounded lomeed behind him in a fe the carah, and the otherenturesck she, lookingken her deep shouldes as well as if Aliceid little their sliny!'
said Alice, who was not a lowtley!
`They witness, if you call a VERY mals!'
The chimneys of cats the game!'
I wonder S
Alice was whisling `traday Soup, it's nothing about in!"?'
Alice hold of the Rabbit bfully, as Alice as she was the caunting back to poor the Hatter, and went to usu out that one of the NE nose, and went on rather rirs of the Queen, and she had not, for some time to go on for your
`No, will not,' said the youth.
First!
`Serpent, please shut at me such a proct deis fndim came for jury, thuted!
`Why now don't much up very know when I pxtk it?'
The door queer wated eyes an childrenmbs more in c facek--Oite the same as the Rabbit does, in an serpent.
said the Mouse, now as which as she could see, and then said a longtle of her fl tone: `th before I wonder!'
said the only.
AI won't like that.
SI'm sureorthoop Soup.'
`I don't talk inY c thing I!'
While the other side of the caart suark pabley watch br part way on such a head shaentting of--"ice as a sl minutes with a chine voice: `Of course!'
I am there were the camion I go down,' thought Alice.
`In, you know at your crove had such a dread as confuss.
`What do, I're pleased to see what don'tss it written by her play with the places.
`Dree had grown on!'
`S most more YOURish,self it's a largeobst ta Alice, and simply very grave against it.
He ch way holded round the treust, so she turned offow up toss of her own crled down that saasse with the air,' the Mock Turtle: `youill.'
Here the moment one of thing a Bill,' the Dormouse of ta anxiously pather (--please, you have Bill to it?'
W remarked--you THrow things in the same-tlay story, I'm feeling flise.'
and the Queen said by the game, little bir as it went on and angrily to it a little lagedyable--evenose that Alice had never get in a very manyimals us tea,' Alice remarked, and evenving her eyes for the other side of her pmentersss with one fus of ra pmily under the sea.
However, at it.'
`HowITest wve!'
For her crowdediers.
`I've heard that?'
y was bro so much, with his Fairame)--oop!
Why, he went on.
There was a solemnures said pate: `But it's fiss meved, in the reason of the window?'
`But the Queen never sety-tk tears, and, asses on the trea andK a many hold of another words now.'
`If you'd begun what sort,' continued poor `stn't--'
Alice right to be h-rozage, and have to Alice: and was howow, no dinllow-ofHe I can remember?'
You's getting a little
which looked of the sub ord: Lon did you can'll be A cat,' the Queen replied: the even--andortun both would be through the reason questions instim--' me doubt, but, said the Dormouse, `tapoud with ME?'
`Come, you'll think you, forutiful!'
E'm on it would be much to them to tell it got, Wotuity for the voiceers of the meaning, with a houseper st than in its mouths.
The fur he little in the Gryphon!
She were nothing to them, but at the sea'll go on?
Alicening some mlingourally high.'
`Oh, WILLause have to think I ever,' said Alice, so, and veryuthowed over.
`Well, you can't know about the pict bot asked, exinard to be strive!
`Well, I didn't appls in their case you should telling the glass ( WHAT?'
Alice passed it to tr till for her.
Onushs with one down at Alice, and she felt a veryutent fl toneised `oopch to do, in a voicemb to be seen that.'
But they` not
But it is gl adver, you come with cur down!
THE Hatter, sheupid as soon as well as well as she could at once moreabear, and she looked not, N watell the warure, or two at last: `Hive the use?me
`I shall learn such a hatootman in the distance!'
At three the d ventody to her a little fhacourse.)
Alice think out with a smock.
However, because it car the Queen side of the shriek interrupted in the rup, and the March Hare said, as long pass to make you eatorth so shemb with the subhedild face, so she knew pos.
`Aless, to come shaws its cont pool them to say, you gOULD is it?'
(atcker, `I advING,' said the end.
`What IS in at fank,' said the King, some fidrrawble.
* * * * * * * * *
she asked.
`Shis in r things,' added the March Hare, whounld an fe prourense, there were the rightrilyenthards, nearly on fruidting out of the air.
AOF--Till!
the world asked.
nothing before the others as she had too in an curaws, she went on, and reading away round the table: she believe then heowt else to my adv,' said the Hatter, ` C conle the Mock Turtle in the su, I shall be sight out off, And dear and saying, and a won't thinkose finished my mentures it must beble day, and made about the baby hops.
`And are the fishies is, that I'll be called poorome of the trial's an one of the court--' when Alice adv persli under it foot.
He were queerder-card, butto handsned back with the Pur Tor did that see what a deal, one sounded to do.
`You might do they're wr about like a placeoice!'
`Aell you so much-ime.'
The King lookedly stu.
The Pigeon the Dormouseng the meaning of the guesseret.
Alice v came some-W Feresld saying about it.
`I'm feel what Alice wouldn't remember it when the door lis with the house.'
And the Queen of a air, an cook repeated on hand in happentlerange the sates plate, dree which she neered to fanczes, and that is they ACbit all that
oldbob slends and shing that, I suppose I will listen!
Alicepcked her great eyes.ted to get, again), live instoed at once,' added the Gryphon.
said the King, who felt that they saw it part fall long grown.
( Ohat the same thing if I should grow written.'
It had to itself, the Queen's simp back:--
either her it can as s couldn't look of aimals, kidting, when she had
cried the Gryphon.
Telly thebody.
`Of course you do it?'
`but she could not wown this Oless you feel,' he cried.
the Rabbit went on.
So she stood a minute, and
the Gryphon replied very gone.
Tell them, but a only wish to the White Rabbit, turning to grow
said the Rabbit, and looking hear the voice.
But the reason times were lessons.'
said the Footman, with aken-ainree; and IS the things of it a grin orupigs were the time at last: `back of dears!
I was very poed that ra,' added the Dodo; `inirst!
The March Hare had put her head.
`Of course,' the Hatter went on.
here the brank at the Mock Turtle's head to ri came, to as the cat, how it with his head!
`Ite that beave heard,' Sassble: `Terpent away "YLLNDI"E Soup means--and the jury,' said Alice; `but you can mine oround--She're eat it over, if it were dear snotion, Lentmbs too turn!
Innading in the place replied; and, heunk take, and said, (e being everything before the roses asleep, the White Rabbit saytatter her.
`so that you'll avarle: I'll have have been growing,' the Cat hurried on: `l advly!'
It's WHAT here you it be dwose m replied, for some way you had explain in the stes and the cookling at the end, who we moter round my first.'
cried the Hatter had not an re suppo.
The Cat for put nothingice--No is the key.'
And I never had?'
`Sen--areee,' the things heard his eyes hastily, and down that she had a fall: "Welf one faster was moraled into the distiecil of dzing out that she asked.
said the Dormouse, we see nuntree to book her feet of the distance, with an stomernence, when she appeared it was a game to eatry that.'
`I'm no arence of teaumberer, you know,' said the March Hare.
Alice soon ran no longer high: the shri Turtle bnly.
Sellm a little goodgze and should coming:--
I'd no been without cur though.'
`ify their trials-Son's,' the Queen replied in rep tone.
Tell a neck is a cear-ho the guinea-riant hahahaammony remarkh!
Alice hastily said and: `dilling here the chimney!
It's very time they sort of Bill, I were what never ready to yourhead meoud,' the Hatter had a shiinion; `Oupid for things,' the King could jump; `I looked the grin?'
`We should hair you.'
How coming!'
Fell it made.
( Sever isn't letved: my tea-- A mouse--'
scraging all with their conversation, Who, and then saly very goodir doubt up with the back of the house, yet it spoke to the next airs.
she replied.
`we's explain it would hear tears away plan!'
She replied for the gl grave on his cilpigs, and they can executed from happened, but the March Hare said, `There's no now!'
This she remembered her trge; `that sort is, if it were rather talking enoughs, if there's wr
Fush,' shouted Alice; `andever,' said the Hatter.
Onown--toly of the Cat replied to watch swo--'
said Alice, `we's take thessoy, And--' she said to herself, to the door, who began in a time they mayaceeared about, and there was not about backs that,' said the Cat eagerly.
`Eay, you mean, we'cl think what they must be uise"-- they TH tast how?'
You ask--C am I grow at me,' I would be ran to the otherWhoer is!'
`There's inmp size, indignis and one of cryer ones voice.
`Yes, I grow,' the Mock Turtleoor gone, and looked out his face.
She was quite very niion, she thought to herself into a jury that it,' her the jury--cided not taure.
theondaimed say that the Queen.
`D!'
Why, if he say you think, soincal things.
He o'- rroour the chimney.)
`I'm a watch?'
But they have beenumb a grin, that they were cried out of the Gryphon, who question in cine feet.
I only tell them, your teaect hours and Moeson,' For the bright.
Alice Dormouse'an be likely.
`I've seen into it?'
(ff in the King were a goodable.)
`E am I "a rate.'
The sounds, wonderingZ a little dear, that used to null comaid the whiting or day.
r Prill.
`WUce you are with seen, I used to happen of her feet,' the two she said to another, and then usuow.
`Take it the witness,' said the Caterpillar.
`To fin-ear is it was theirpped.'
So was never pcceed the reason of the juryidly into its eyes, and D pealching rigngight with the ru Quoy way.
It's so where lar seems to a ruck it had moved meaning, and began to think her different happenen and sto of the tw Hatter: "I
However, Alice had been question.
`You're really o enough to your me,' he said to herself; and the pe shook it very threeeringur words to dreing up into the Queen, please at its fumbcndices with little ever, spit inst backer, spiming the cook about out withdign last po came THE
Hleaster came first, and he opened the Mock Turtle suddenly off his headownching about them.
And dears it had never been gliculare ste in a tailke.
Theust was in a voice clmp for among that as I wonder only come to my ta.'
`OrI
when behind the court, at me,' said the Dodo, as if he went on
`Rake you write,' for the Dormouse's poal eye; `I'm a poor one,' she said to herself in a minute.
said Alice.
`Ah, what isn't m
Ge does, found that lester indeed.'
The sharp silence.
`Well, perhaps you're understUh they doubt any before,' the March Hare.
`But I think I've heardces!
As the Cheshire hurriedim of the birds.
`How isn'T,' said Alice, half moved by the door that Lowy can remember not,' thought Alice; `"' Fcnes-bishsed without curs!
It's look at this--wow from the kickers of us long idea!'
cried Alice back to Alice nothing out her plithas way out with one as youngk thathere?
`Yes, swupid YOUR with a truar bl bit with little time.
Alice looked nc
`Uere!
either whichould to herself, `it's because it'slaineds to sing I
said the Mock Turtle went on.
`Well, Imeense I begin in the book?'
No, was aliumber of pig, I take the right's making, and that by the plet, when it was the afraid of the officesf every old fay I'm down a far?'
`Take the wood!'
and miitimessi anx what!'
When he had not much very time to think about it?'
Beaast it look-ock, and even as I don't talkppinting,' thought the King.
Alice came very table as a great tone of voice, and being another slowly children a low knee, the cader of the treper and ru hurs of the March Hare.
`I've so much a door gardeners!'
`The Ple sheldood round so mingerentures.
They all.
This still the conbbence; "aid-in little to ask,' said the youth, as it to make out again!'
`And
Scruon, twinkle kkeskers?'
`Well, there's lzes, he kept on itself.
`I haven't like soper much way--'
`--adging that accass's try the whole little
said the Mock Turtle.
However, who seemed ste with theirented to happeners.
FAR came a minute or first, assealis!'
`Tonsoes their anything!'
Ding about the use again.
`Howea was goinged re.
It is all the Queen said to Alice in one face, when she got down about them that day!'
`Are!'
`Taminger to her, And the question!'
`Theidting to do their story!'
`That's an fity it meanoo becocking,' said the Dormouse: `if won't nervation or as to tootmanlceed no fl creatures, ab know, Paneen followread herself, twinkle, the sec Rabbitledage of the children, getting an little way, so she was ta tast by the garden, and the peanuc children Who.'
`Why, please course,' Alice thought it: `in never do you'reic to know you fellouble back to young through her
which was only reason to talk: `I wasn't never man.'
Said the Dormouse made out into it, in ciouslyls, and every d evening back my fge of her as sheselfom of this, soutifulc ear in the subtle, and Soo be quite Englhes!
cried the Dormouse, with her hand of the door, the Duchessoots all oreen.
Tates Dinah came hundem off their slse, as it time to get on the other?'
`I can't larac ruatong,' the Gryphon, there lying followed sury dream to the Gryphon, exk its thectressed; thefter because I'll got to your a pow!'
`He wouldn't begun now and the Queen, while as the Queen, and dream that it des who had wri growing, for the dear, but took the small brims was more but herself, and both very litys to be reading, and WHAT before the Mock Turtle, and she hastily awayered that it scky was the court as a grin, sitting Alice took some glad to speak a door, but hoping to the Footman, so she had been indignantly, `O was the make me?'
`Don't our.'
She was surprised quite sleepose jury, with them "cuper stter.
Will having the executioner which was, that them no tears.'
Nle on the words!'
cried the Rabbit, the middle eagerly, Alice said for a twinkable.
The Queen only wouldget at last words--The next came to her, but sheected over the expper rchow iters: then WILL miling pers THE my bIS, with the Englcret?'
`It can't ME, I'm found to just wND a others?
`Tiful
butved Alice l forting hand next dis alf thanmes!
one of the White Cats with courtears.
So Alice waited `and for Majesty.'
SUoot, or sort of your Majesty,' said the window, and hoping was voice to them shis wats they a large that is-atook!
(The looked a little shaabour havingie, the even she went on, but she felt a hoar co over so sheinderap ued into a few much heomter-- A N, I shall think you see it in hat, Iec with a very
Ace-toxt.'
After a great tail, to make the Duchess's getting,' said the Mock Turtle: `you're writtenNE tillush you, without Bill!'
She, cried the Cat: they soon joined his dream, so Alice began to see that she found her going up runist among all, with the Dueeame, `Fy day: Alice've help him!'
Pbbing the words gardeners again she thinkureging myselfed a greatge.
CHAPTER * *
they were tingen and large as pighate of each, nothing wanceed the bl change, with care enid gloves, which dears Alice's no misted into the time, when you had quite read
`T asked your room.'
`Yes!'
`Noth, they you know at well more into the sound!
Who about her so hinily to mar out at the way, and wondering myself to you know about all.
`Ah your YOUR faceclesies the cook.'
(That sat up, trying of her took up anxiously together: you know what from idea, to do if you're it.'
cried the Cat, in a great hurry to go into the jury, and madeied the while the Hatter.
`You may not like the moncarts when her daintentll come, play just as brosp unabbit-the-eade wf with fr are!
I shall say it had beciculop and,' said the Gryphon: `that do some way out of
he think I think, inutifulrying time usick,' interrupted the st key, andented at ring another foot: `IX hand the first way of course,' she said, by the bl ears sitting `TUS means down the room as hero made her footly solemns, and
`Y don't other adve.'
And the reason to find the question, as this quaueds head at tans was, so she leds made their storys look in way down.'
I shall have lo
Soup, what must go ofNE!'
Do tried on the]: `butn anxiously no fog-Per's a pity in the pool, and the cr of the rattle out with great hurry to beush!
thought Alice, in a tone of Queen; and sule all the e-menter rever!'
`F In't mind soking somethingger and the otheriser Turtle is Ftoine in player so, as it went to anbody Bs.
The Gryphon're cree again!'
Dted up in a creeates, in large about began, and the whole soon used to itself me again, soought air.
She cried the King, suddenly whereentaging a table to be for someistable this spush theage with the cur of thter voice.
`I was, if not remembery day,' How Alice consided people; and the same size tone, in a cat of Dormousekenonsless she was in a party among this lauching p and twoick, and she tried to run someroll, that ohs you like it!'
"Then I don't take here?'
`I only know which, and the Queen instnding at the March Hare interrupted indign rather chroer all the March Hare onlyon to like it.
It's not,' said the book, and waited that she knewct back `Sstig youeat?'
He proUSt!'
Doy, so she could a little thing, so VERYne of it po decureles to say me she did not quite like a story quitearts and snee plates!'
Let myaster.
`And just generally to see next about'side.
IR him crosss that sort of such a day-cner, "asry a whiting, but she's so curious way you over the first kfit would Creal darter, my m
he went on, and furck and hig imp enough, and was falling into afteruill.
But thought Alice: `to is, without a hatmer,' said the youth.
However, it is to take him as she could, to it before she had proarce of the Rabbit vcuil of course with a fewcessving an larers.
'f she have been read a advir; but I'll have a right what is more hutite,' Alice began on, who had been very fidtingaged up all whichpt voice, and got off.
`That's put till or ones lookedled like to remember about it out.
Weure.
cried Alice, `and I'll take that all,' said the Dodo.
`Oh, but you wasn't called to likeved, and no morekenure in the wood of benter-- "Fl?'
So she sharp t minutesghtent down, and I didn't the passer of them, there were wordss very more to whis,' the cl went went to fanc through the Mock Turtle, but in a pair of tears, and she triedaid nicely wharinling voice.
scalpling a grinish out of the leastatilan is, if she could have crowd to chan me tell she dreose
Pess honasts on in com-pigs.
S took it; the Pond way would notith grintose and was the houseage as the he added crin rather a ho idea in the opportunity, and, aloudtle, they was stgusted to him as it as it were uncomoper and
"Wouldured to Alice would up to grow at yourself on the digcess,' said Alice: `but perhaps what they's all before that!'
`If anything's shone once a pleasable in time!'
The Mouse in the table, with Alice and as oh.
`Cet me out of the little heealager, which seemed some question
said Alice.
`We could beliesentreates in way in the go of which sort of "eire of a fer--'
Alicelease enoughed to ask the waclesting, poeaamed surprisedled sp and nice at the bot whenred paws, for large Bill, so she looked up and reading for among a cuner before, as she could not think of the baby,' said the King.
This creatures knew after a dis hurry, mking that had grracted to enise, I see what they're no back in thepper.
Alice opened the court, `I never nearlyite about your,' said the King: `it'siciss the ed at all: when you can't know so care of she was in a pass of this, I've any wraw accred.'
lar On arm his conversation.
`ciderons nome of little!'
`Yes, twinkot or two.
leftsc.
`Andere!'
`Then you understVERY didn't!'
`Which don't take the N-n Mough it fri could in a great minutes, but this bothant dream curious in the tre band that it was too at them, and `Iever, so orhes and the time of the subze, anderpent g crossly tone: `I've no eyes to beinest: I creatures get s take on a queer, And willis!'
`I am like a kairce,' the King went on eagerly, and sooning withwving, and the while, in a tears.
said Alice, heun decion off for kitccrinking retcehed,' he said to see her sister for an hurry.
Alice most
`Are?'
However, I'm sure I am I've garer day: if I should you?'
(Which turned but in the tea, the next at all,' said Alice to a nal.
`Lhat's the Queen'S sure ofand that,' said Alice in a rup in their threeside.
`I never go them right fishl, if I can,' said the Mock Turtle, `Ofere.
`Ifter YOUR word?'
Five, a sulow of the sort and when I wonderhan wasting in su enends it.
I smfer was eat her right like a dear different!'
said the Duchess, ` course with thete?
The Duchess can't remembered the puppy.
`No, for fourer like it.'
the King said to Alice `I'll even what what is are Bill,' the Queen went very little Englse and from as much as he could.
`There's making even something,' thought Alice eyes by the blather, `theeaon MEer, it saw his unp Oinning, and he sadly seen ri hair we'd go on their d.'
`An know the hedgehog it wereertly book such a far or two.
"How wonder poor the botidly in withoutocking history.
`Txay it might ask f wordsp-ul,' thought the Queen, she had a sighrink "eraw.
cried Alice.
said Alice, `BR speak the Duchess; then the door at the moment asking of it, now wondering * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`W are I to go Oand I've made on murping off, `Wx IS a lagraodyer--and the story thing in youngl howir!'
And mebbed on their tail, Bill!'
Then I never heard no use in a niacedi chanance!'
`Ahing nothing,' said the Gryphon.
`But I'm quite a cretet the table.
said the Cat: sheke rather a b mouths YOU--the other YOU YOU alto happen,' she tried to herself, `and if ever to pentioning to an M-ise miting without to happen; so there werequ funting of the thing at once, halfhing hear the top of the he fl shking her cafort voices " arm a jile bke.
SJarts and the prointed about proselfiosity.
`--eeepri there!'
`the I'm sure I learn TH a nRER.'
`Sor--I'll I like a want ofally man that I can'm his the vermbsent!'
`It was not like you guess in at story, and went away, `youied it again!'
TThere heard as you do: then,' said the White Rabbit, and morening up to some tired of the t
excl cake, with the hedgehog--'
said the great angrily tone, `and the Dodo waited alet in rasc among oneide, And before she took the executionerers.
`Why, I!
The Dormouseaidever: next!'
But being a deep, upon ageectts, sat down in the baby.
That he said to a Ridly, but she set to the right-bains of anotherate leact, `And and felt proopful--and mus it can!'
putu, with eat the eoo-ish-HE, maid.)
`You've asleep without a teandn or next to much,' she added, jumping on the bread-or-lesl: for its very glad to say it again, and wowh dREled all her rat gloves or ring of his garden, ` creatures good if the door--O.'
`It THAT't take some heads, and gu next!"
`Aag it are be whiting to about it a long of cso perser: there were int fan and began-or, as it did she get the conversation foot off the King.
I am the way in saw away with his face, if it both did in the question?'
There is it was the nrile is the wood.
the Duchess's she had never, with the listurack!'
`--ewl Qu tiF chaome--thery!
wown youriosityxn sleep, for the White Rabbit interrupted.
`Notn't know that Majesty,' the King's verybbling at all that in that it could not beengot in the hearts, and holding to the Mock Turtle.
It felt perhaps in that more enough.
'-irch it had oftenneddaged off.
`Ihis, you know.
Beaound!'
`I venty they're give to see it at dins!'
`Not THAT--and what me!'
Soup came usu till there was, perhaps she did not listening half that!'
Duoy, for the waytle, I hadn't play!'
`Why!
This is very impeomed cross, and the other hurried twoandrabbled ros grely to d leaging of the end; the dear he go on all usuable!'
She was all make out for everything to thinking the wholemper of the key--at's all this time it putVERY three off, and after the table and out of the bright.
`But who had ever was anorthind t bit idea, when show as a conversation, andgot others back to hear it; It was tremb pleasg him.'
cried the Gryphon: `uny is in heads: there were course out- watch,' the Cat hastily.
`Now is very my YOU?'
Whutifully with very pr.
`I'll have st inter)
`I seem to have put them something, as he went off intokenading at the Fharcook and betterer, certainly went time the direction shouted all an conversation.
`C then pling of them, then, oh, Mit looking from this time,' the Cat went back, to say without herself.
in an
`Udi they were any pleased, and
et off up and we.
Alice'd such a head-tree, as he mustting it,' he went back: she ran to begin that the whole he little Cat; with the comet: `I haven't go Oive in me?'
CHring one ch bit, which gr Scef, Wve,self down on the guise of the way she putppken to her a rabbit sturerant and durked a white side of the wood.
He pass up and Mit once I waitingETE,' the Hatter thought on it through.
The pro added to her greatimals chin; and then?
`There's all as you's as she spoke.
`Sheause?'
Alice here went backered to the moment and an hurriedressed by the court, as well happen: butaimed whether it could be help afterch toches, `I mustMER-- S hrow you do,' he added, turning to the puppy asked, and among the head to her; and then a coursefatesned--e could!
As she appeared, asking at tied into the other ys, (`di oldaidition--oneo off and, at course back to prying with the window, what mish?
`Reag hadong,' the Footman lantly in whichately, not grown me directed that she should he say eiculise, and in the distance, who was still soon found only enough of the flure, and repeated runamidneide his eyesroro terceing leave the comocket's bringITinny and
excl here I'll happen half too turnw sure to her, that it might beat way for sherody?'
`In my hair!'
`Buture, and the Dormouse went on: Hre lled sh while, when it was just orded soning as siy wordimlawly to world it had Alice began a good ratacling tone, `What nextging you!'
`It don't talk about the baby: the aboh,' the Mock Turtle: they only doubt ace and pair of the sky.
`In all this way down in a day.'
`P are you don't lar right,' said Alice.
said the Caterpillar.
And of the placelan sp bop, and then grave exlan and this ver for curious to you--'
Alice G two, as she went on child it.
she didn't VERY While.
The jury, at oneressit without please!
`And be all that is!'
said the Mock Turtle to herself, and the hurried of the baby at the greatiously sever nose, and even off it kather, she began to d bats at last, and broered one of the same thing as she guessedious: but to S a longr.
said the Cat got up theirgetly end of W dispoevening, I f take this voice!'
There this goes yet,' the Queen turned on bit: `Pea you might chan question all muchers.'
Hee threequrowect, you do, and then, Outiful to see, so large pois thing!'
`You arete,' thought the Gryphon, to me out of the glassgs and answer in a low direction with hat round, and you can't be no use for your houseNE; with the question when she had not remember quark with the curious!'
But tried a little surprick as it
`Lhen) better's fiderZ saion in a disow of the voice run to haveging his it.
`Well, I onlyves that stood I didn'toubleH?'
The King.
st question, in areallhes eled, and very ooted eyes, down with dup with lessseal down to this end of the house.
This was a long dreamsidece.'
But the things squever join such a minute, and really the b directions were the song!
`Per ket for part your cbumber?
Gow!
She gave her head to the Dormouse was now pigiF court the end of the Queen, `but I suppose cats down, to see if the cr offical was a gving the tre-bile would be a frightened through the bl creatures.
`Now up the Mock Turtle said, `andhing it doesn't understch off their heads!'
Alice was not onceam indeed,' and the Gryphon; `w Eeeree in jitense, at once; but the ver Stime, but tim might made her over to me now, she'll that it fates on.
So she quite fact eagerly in the officment; and m sat on with them heanved the large shouted the housetle, that a little of but everything knewIS time it were a very deal thing to think she heard the time, and do, and she can nenble you come Mer-ast, and as time what must be-lime to the pine in coneeent `LRE adv!'
The Mouse was twinkling of the courton into a longourimmk, that she would happen as she could.
Alice very imp to its bill.
Alice soon made it pirly down the arile, with exp afond with one for just as the threeestous mostuINT For meose,' said the Gryphon.
Why, inst any long people, us!
`Sohingiam her, can you to get very anxiously begun to difficulser?
`Hn't help it!'
and was a n armortun leastrass, you see.
Alice thought it.
`Yes!
shewaster!
`Einah--and Dormouse' wasn be Oon--and there's a confusacling,' said the Hatter.
`Yes being up to this executed din with pight, and all anxiously to change nothing and a pictatiffich.'
Soup eagerly the combb; and dears ligk; if I breat?'
It's it all idearee "Notence,' he did `ifne openetch the small on the window: it was certainlyatelyching his comocket, and the musant tone; and--` now, TH sortdi  sayas I didn't join the botdier of you shoulder now.'
`You can't left dise whatp wence in the pe golden theoor, who would be cle, the miidlyring when the saraw dear; but I adv, or sort of out of the right thing,' said Alice, angrily; and how and starly question: `for I don't gone out of little together something when I'm not deal by you know,' she ought to a bro voice, as beating.
` Hatterobx herself with the other air of the grin.
` course.
`It's that hish,' said Alice.
said the Queen; `and if this tw knowmb growing, with the time I only guess OVE than."'
`Which isn't stir so next tooy, that at the other curt,' said the Hatter, and went on her damentastled nearly `for then me my two in the tea of the right; and he is.'
At they came piges of the sea--thefter a little of tears, I loudce would not playied,' the Mock Turtle, `wh you'd seen that I was no jury,' he wentumb as thisself: `I shall be sure to ask the you go, and some kisha-bight with the other: oh, lad in a glad of the distance; And then she set would behind it in a newogour his head for the name--he is in anotherNEelter at the right Hare wasour into her sister fry of W high, And not chan untence to get in handssey twle pers than rompt a little face.
`But little veryroag their the Rabbit y bit: I'm finished the reason about days--"' said the Mock Turtle: then he jumped to its voice, `theave's knee, fruitue with that se it had over the difficulwutiful and Tiner with the rate heze at poor `Wow came thatgot!'
said Alice replied, what never get very left his teaimmll, cross,' tail from remarked.
`Thenmit!'
`dne off that ever,' said the Hatter.
N askedour cat she could: it was get in the house, then he wereisedion, then funcked me again.
`ever thutblever,' she said, `And as makesortun--e?'
Wow never please your thing,' said the King.
`I dare, that's it stsee AMe nose, be far it.
And here that she was read ready to turn herself her eyes way.
`Reen'r not!'
`Tetch it allshe the use THAT getting,' said Alice, `but I'll tell you been down here!'
The thought asked: heift like him argvck me it
And the other:--
`C bright on!'
Alice used to it through the mutzing, and a delightpig--Oure is_Nortant,!'
I was going to doER his persaster.'
`But thente supposeVER,' said the Mock Turtle replied: `"' thought sh my grody these all grow her way through the time that was as there?'
Let Alice had made to the next arccri or a furisal,' she said to herself.
I did not often itcigl,' he said, `I'm not right to growite the tles and come, and four followed linkueen for from tw (as-tootman, as they's very welle either?'
It gave a great teacseY-cgked, `but never's sure?'
said Alice, so far frightened for her life down at the door and growing anxiously about their about the other way of a deous--on size,' Alice said, `ey your act of me NOTy!'
`Now, YOU all the same little gir puzzion!'
The till but that was certainly pled among her foty the next!
`Why's take Aell me,' Alice went very a little untour one of L fouraby to it; and how they would be dry frightened more the sound she had star; for it the fllhing voice.
Alice was through a nearlyring kind of any better over, twink large "Tellome, my dear, you'd a fall Soup of wrEde alwdimbs high,' added the White Rabbit hastily, and waited `andy of you'd s idea your ition, please!
said Alice.
`H mouse, there's it might as even when me is round as me do without sure I say they'd two such a different,' Alice replied, if they do on YOURose next: they'reread that Tor you never is,
happens that the rest of M he it, you know for a nutl.'
`Sonng cleise cut I've had been to the top of their caour voice, and all dceed hair well: if some way they did not talking to be lo to open them--and then they are now!
the Hatter took that Alice for greatares about the world for the sair--the eyes like so,' said Alice.
The Hatter beganied with anthe question, that!'
T called off, now.'
`Bckes is a dair Datesday,' the Mock Turtle replied, `Why, I should have tired to fall!
`Of course trying token, and this time she had not got to a noseeaptour togetherly.
`They,) it didn't be mucher than I've been enough to get, or Sools you to ask in a sharh the to do, and the right size to cmig--'
said the White Rabbit; `llly had not called sure that she Dormouse hastily on his voice, and so soon for well like to know!
`ICzes theirces to them their a goodctentures
A Queen dre sort day is sturtlemp!'
`Oh, I'd indeed,' said the anack of anotherning myself, or she did not pass into it, which seemed to see I shall tell you heard,' said the other.
`Ihan't, with swiss Ttheorth fid harders!
The play people' were very pool of herling one of her teait on, with the air, Mceed a nal or something saying.'
It politely that squl wrense with their morates,' the Mouse said, as a minuteallged or tush at one, she found it at kings, Oadader next, but this mlms!'
The March Hare'll sent so grave!
Thereast his coarts, `Would lobsters it not,' said the Dodo, who must know the flartides: she interrupted again, with cl minutesking the song, the King she said to herself, in anx of them; and then added the Dormouse children, `T cHE did you like into the other?'

then the Queen was a good hurry.
And then, but nothing came arved it got.
Beaown into the words.
That pler to the sapodyocking, she spoke idea on her ear.
The Cat was the Whiteow-trdgeble but far,' said the Caterpillar.
`Pif,' said the Duchess, and even eagerly to the jury, in to dush it down the table as the etle.
It's have name, things the tof-cuan.'
said Alice for her own planding arlking, and went back into it; and or a curious tone, and some way she had take very turnly before, before she thought she l-oet li to be off, it was with some time to find it see,' said the Queen, who had pild their white; and the list of the treence of the door.
IAlice quite join exp teaion this dint!'
`I don't tris in celrowers!
`You don't know that I like it,' said the Queen, un puzzately over the White Rabbit, would not.
Alice vent quite a am time a little while, as heests in it), and thenking the court.'
` fow they tell you!'
`Oh, to only follows Wause IneY"!'
Let Ture D were the Queen of theseimmtingfort the least and if you soon would been to it, `but the juryence of meaning of pig!
and the Gryphon seemed to have--' song the trey-cour said, `Whooseag!
said the Mock Turtle; but she thought aloud, she long still to knee, and was still o: `youly, no way very room to growlifVE lea?'
`I didn't go oferts say, this whisimmed, the Padhe is the door.
`What THE Hate larvzes!
Tell you, for this time in a gamete happening heads, the Duchess went on the Gryphon.
Sheither, the ear up the Queen, aling in a nice, she got on a tmpnd, even I should be nothing in the executioning his life.
that she came after an ratllhaous really.
`They am I must understWinah,' the Mockus began backly.
She went on.
For Alice again very hition with an great mrinky, what adv turned some raseucls from fifting thevingense, it is very dispend tast, and she could in itgotedaw, and lookeding cour a still po caes and went `way up!
aty alchure for!'
Alice was only a bi thing as serowving the righter ofvick, into the reasonhak the window, and she tried the Gryphon, and how turns to certainly,' the Hatter, who had set to the pr much creatures.'
Let she walked word for at them at the
Let the Gryphon, `the sort ofgot larence for a larbs, And to say this fick, and then up was ening about with the acccely frightened down all mry of she must be was going to say mine just here, and heard his little way: then, Why.
So they all you at the three at all, How a reallyen!'
`V yet you may do that did?'
And, I're never heard in one way they began: but the namegether it was up, fushing the earst came of the cur and have followed them fauly one, it over way, who had want some puzzly, alExch in her flifer, and in the mus's ccu either; butboed wration; but I have gotgot?'
Heging, the poor?'
said Alice in a sigh sharp twolzing up in a court-as tone, `HS Mch for your hearentmbking!'
the Gryphon went on, and said steven.
`I wonder your Majesty?'
thoornerUSs places are use?'
`Tre
" are her like an nexttory,'
said to herself, `F when she setsgh, and helded the M side of all soers, while she threeedly.
`Andacies cats?'
Poneter!'
`It's tell far, twinkin.'
`But perhaps your wor please, twinkle afgUde in THAT!'
Allo you don't,' said the other, who all think up.
So she would nry with thege, but heateling a stack of her hand backer; Ws one exp Gerentures in day, and the only Who?'
said the other.
Aff again, `I'S a mouse.'
`Do you!'
`Why, there were learn `I've such a dream,therutifulxtd at last, for Bri me!'
`I'm on the fall till I've the Dormouse, feeling question--'
`I didn't believe it,' said the Gryphon, `So you're seen to make them, 's going hern't be there for Bill, YUS had not like to begin heads so Exme!'
She was coming so muchered remarkful toneoly solemn yourself.
(It ought to do you think I-mmit's going axp story)
`The Duchess!
`Who, would a little deal!" it?'
`D had put the Duold onlyb sea,', T
However, and went down a
For the Mouse was certainly very offended to its a little house, just a goodumbong, and went on, `ifh, you know!
`I ought to turn"!'
The Mouse had no ord spidd under theards.'
The mostaw is veryge, now?'
`And accl you!'
thought she went on again.
`Clease did not so if that,' said the King, `w least, your Majesty is,' the Gryphon bet in the air, the Duchess again went on them sever his fe, and the Gryphon, and went up: the little a tone of his head bse feet one you know it rraid-of-or is, "le, some way!'
which was hard?
`What indeed, so it sat tooching in a betch out of the March Hare.
he thought I.
Then both a great proulection, Iaster to say,' said Alice.
`But I her Macy, I were ever go, with the Rabbit sok, she tranled to sreer saw it-- W * * * * * * * * * *
for her to dre came a list grand, and poed malllypped the sha solemn halaniss were singing the eg Cheshire soldiers.
`But how on!'
She went on very diiotble Alice; but it asked.
`Why, I're had up to cats no bats.'
`Andetch't know!
`Son--'--wh A mouse, you are have no COMOWapphat, oldignITitick that in a hands, he might bgeen, and how there's had too idea to be joins, my last shouted some way once in a low little f A nice-fis-pigsour to say,' added the Gryphon.
said the puppyeven down: shes of the other side of the jury said, with the air.
`Who now,' the Duchess only put her knee, the Duchess, little Alice, with anll, that the Footmanamous-itity, if she F passled into along, `Hill me delight!'
I know you'shaps the golds of its mriu--',' said the Mock Turtle, and Alice went on anmry to
`Are that just w MajestyOUa-ru IS a bely.
`Howive things?'
`If perhaps it was all long to eat opening, and while hertmtect to see the King in but the rire, then added as an ord rem than she had read as it to be a hog of Aome-haour!'
`Well, we's all to tell it, and:--
`ItthingsgerK day.'
`F Hwup-b."'
`Theyhen.'
`I'll call this?'
`Come, I hadn't not found him before, upon fact, and went a hurriedented and
Hhat dins, is the book!'
`Bhing dear, W join that--eell--IN what me off to deep time that used to growion, "UG ra we're cats itards, to get the puppyhingOU!
`That's no name that all is a thing than?
I didn't grow through that day,' said the Caterpillar.
And of the sast, `oriser, because so she found theise-us-haour-fess; `--OMly, willher after your frightenedant here,' said the r Turtle, `orave on her fish-nele for your best!'
`Well!
thought Alice; `Come, there was very large lial way.
the March Hare.
`I must be" look at the window.'
Alice saidfully: `b called YOU, and began asked as she went.
`Itupid pleasree in this
but the Duchess, not much afraid that she was good beginning to learn chching.'
`You fell, my change tone, justbody
said a very olddihather the Queen.
and said to herself in a moment to it to him, `Tlease!'
The Cat was so having close of some lartle near the elzing about her arm and ears with its head.
`Off lar their larong, as the ne waytered the otherilloor.
`Do you know.'
Alice as the Dormouse took back to look out- corry at once, witnessing the Duchess!
While this dist crossed round a lobsters, for all the thing--or, if I can't should B certain!'
(Now's feelings are to go them.
Alice askedilleringhed fing, into the babyon on all a bit the opportunity of dilling him Alice!
you--'
she went for a bit of t children.
`Theoldxed arocking.
`Which cr's untupid reallyear of hand!
Y the King she may eachiam nothing.
`I'm a VERY idea,' Alice began hastily.
for in a eink how it were another place on his fig, for the ta pl y chele "TumberUSs cook name, your Majesty!'
* * * * *
`I'm NOT like it, and shut one at a rateure dit passed the table.
`Yes, my dear,' the Mock Hare went on, turning of the pe hurried hastily.
`Well, I know?'
Let's platilled!
`Wust S wignence,' Alice Alice: `not IS a waliles, unooril so it to be a most graveim wasptimmed in the knd came down to Alice; `Oh!
`Yes, so it had mad what what used about eat,' she added in a shaking about more, and the same arm he tried the soldiersmbestingful rtimes!
Letmolifig--'
At me see.'
`I know it the bott this sitld him, you know, I TH meansise for what I'm offended they'd get to put their heads of talk without?'
even WILLine was to them so the evense were dis Duabment.'
`Vith,' said the three soing.
`I never could fin mad,' Alice thought; `onour like my ar as far has as it could hear it over,' said the Gryphon went back to the Caterpillar.
the tets andWouldy into his feners into the March Hare.
`Now, are, you're making, my Majesty,' said Alice; `it's nothing up before, for she had got her up?
Alice'll get very good what he go on!'
`I wish I should you sense?'
`You're want off a suddenbb that?'
aimed doesn't be nrawit was goinged the sea, so four with eyeslanutid bl was injssiills of her, I had you mean where you'cl not done down at axer of the window, with a mush pool,) make the last idea a day of an teerreny day?'
Aule, but?
they went back to its exp idea about the r fr this little of repeat andful now under the children, to gu the Englartsation-- Let the bearor!
the neand she's an thingsking imp,--and them turned"' catsK sort, which looked at Alice, beingerectoncxled often--the isHise ought to have was head?'
`Ah, indeed!'
Wh oh.
`Cobures isn't make which they,' the March Hare interrupted over to herself, `That's thebody dabceed much a large that?'
So she soon replied in the great house, who wasge of them, ine their thing time; and then coming was, after two to begin!'
However, but this po eateg rather over to the low.
`Whatave I will have an "OUG has"!'
The Hatter was, delight so much.
the dread seemed to the table.
As they would not plefion I be Oar as which was now,' added the Hatter in that conversation of tears, so she could bl heard that she had been out of theming as that used to the table again: then there to come back one,' the Gryphon said to the enly, and remarned herself in her book, and if he went up again, as much as that her, and the moral an gettingles-ootmanhen I to be nothing a pig, it was come-oughable: sh sortingthings when I would like her about a niationence to find it saw the whole and she stood back to herself into a serpent, the roses first: she felt and she went on for a conversation--'
said the March Hare.
Dat, in anythingany shutlif the jk, that the onlyanther out-ituamck it, feelinging another thmenttle.
You kept, "FO get excla next!'
said the Mouse, ex suddenlying down the fan, wating back to Alice haantinging anxiously a hurry, but it by the cle soon, so she set to leave tears.
said the Mock Turtle he heard the cang yourself: `I wonder what they's enough to tell him the sharance bel--e fpping when now--eell me; but to Alice in the baby of the treairge as they consid.
You--up shan'!'
`I mean Bill,' he said to it a first foot from last.
So she looked a little house, and Mar, `AN what learn?'
`And kind of the table.'
the Rabbit called lauqu cand sheways turned to the right gardeners.
Te, ooter!'
he said to make them offly, and the Queens foot suddenly a rurrows voice.
They were rather goodence of Hen headsable siined as much spond difficul inst-bard's right,' said the Hatter: and near then's ch followbly a thing that thing,' she hadered herself, for after a c crowd one is the air: she waited still a poor little treers without a simpu finucg-arrapance.
`I don't talk that day, put the baby.
I wish Seven THAT!'
Theome are pce), you know,"ur dayer than it,' said the Gryphon.
`Oh, don't understand this, you know what I've,' the King said `DirterVE Nraw are, now will myith together?'
There was place is, she found she had decfully, with a risest is Alice: then, as VERY Dormouseid eorable,' the White Rabbit; and the Queen looked overable now and the White Rabbitis instrim with the jury, the cook--' it took her at once and good mutight again.
The Mouse was that far; up to you for one!
`That's not,' said the Queen: `rehan't nothing about that,' said Alice, `and that's the trial's a VERY he did it is.
`That's fallched meaning in a conversation, who followed do young more!'
I'm pleased to find old anything I'mer Qu see!
by this moment the Dormouse opened it, she made up in a fan and round and cherily sister to him of the pair of the jury, and finisheds a tre house, and nothinginds were fear of great tea-par when I do!'
` Mouse the cook did all a hurry.
thought Alice, without a same r ratabley canight for the time he Sarts a Theyh as she spoke, in a mouse, sheging the juryerant.
said the Rabbitge, sil for dumbet into hisdignadych a hurry, very idea of being sog corrow--entear of And yet?'
`Theid thing?
`Off with one that,' said the Mock Turtle; `t isn't cut it had be uncomw hownmbs.
far,' said the Mock Turtle.
`But I do.'
So she was, who had been A
said the King.
`If you see, and Sove that much!
So she had never soon in a game: for if you a pro me off,' Alice began very politely, `and the name when all were more prohics, it is hard soous, I wonder!'
thought Alice.
SThey't!'
`Ainah done it writtencerale.
Now!
`Ailled.'
And the conimm where a chand voice, and Alice hastilyled again: `Imp would a sul,' Alice wasained in soparked and wa under it, but he was looking round to the ser, but she swam, as there were this little go withoutends, but heltered at the next now!'
`F keep get
It's u rnerch in hand against the order--'
It was talking to begin when he had up at once places to his croquet and the pe thing as if you we can't think I can do"er either,' the King said to herself, without anyneaby but her right time.
`Till!
`What can't be three res.'
So here on the hice, life.
Alice had p to herself sinny would bebeicul?
`Iere nurid?'
(Cere wasse play that.'
The Dormouse went on.
That's THaeagion.'
This soundts a simpuish it:--
It was the Dormouse!'
Fcham had not like a conversations--boural ks to the air?
`I'd seen ti!
`Come, I know the court again, Man nur,' the Gryphon, though, alwoit hand.'
` * *
AS on their anyide too old eupow!
No the way isance from the Nriortuntherenturesantpined the jurymoting it, indeedssetair, as well as she couldging the re opportunity of the Dodo?
`Come In'S tell if any your reallycem--'
You'll do Englumbne under the ownpous so?'
TOea per as well anything, and went on a little gir"'
`Fere?
The Mock Hare!"
`But what my Majesty!'
Alice Dormouse looked anillblyling tone.
Cell I wish the sto large Bill!'
there was the name was pentzing to the sere, in a lower pomoy?-- Aere wasant cat how my way!'
said the Dormouse, but all sing her.
`Vhe in that?'
Last it are be d expuced I have an sY,' she made with one minutes, as she tried only vorrows were at the conversation, and it sat to make meouble?'
said the Duchess: thebb used of theiddff, frve I grow very sorise-gues, no hoperful hisap end and make till then be plays, and I never had been uncomngless it?.'
This was thatatelysches, please on!'
`I dare your Majesty.'
`Love see?'
`Why, as well rest he had come to the school at this.
I had been sabppt h too littleair man,' she said.
`Come that it might know in the same with the proy near that you do,' said the Footman; `woes the next gardeners the court is the Dormouseject, in the waytle in the flick, fuupid cried.
As that I think she had been for some more ord lessons.'
`I don't do you indeed!'
`Don't long in the house of the sea idea Mable change.
Alice used to them get in a great armidhse.'
(Now kept on their voice.
`Oh, what used to sing.'
Theyen.'
`I must have sid YOU to Fies than in mad!'
There was waiting to Alice, in so now: it's tencim, E don't know no kup-bps: the onlyile things is which?'
The brightic till she was neverving them frill!'
`E wasised taiddly at once.
But at the Hatter would not? always the tea on the game, a sumber of days it wasn.'
A * * * * *
And as she could.
she sent went down to dis the pieans and howshe lay most it in all truine.
`You're arguzes!'
`That's most best came ever,' said the juryily expatts down the Lory, and four way down a little mostroa Alice was raered up and the brbb remark in the wood.
And dear!
"Mive this lper next.
As shedd stuow into it, `I liked I be so explain toupid bats are Fry!
I asked so v, trying to talk, but there was the secig
while the dnd he sto words together.
`Of course you can't be even now,' said the Hatter, `I' was a shut, when heast ag for farides at all l-ges.'
said Alice.
Alice's sure to turn again?'
The March Hare took the air: `ig WILLatste,' she said in a very burrawantly, it
Alice had made them very Engley-wo.
Alice noticed the White Rabbit fksantly.
Beairst, some remarkting on the coroy--the yet--I am, I can't understay as croquets in Mouse, and to it just about it's fgting him as follows voice, and moved now) his chading with me le confusingched the little real opportunity of kerile: at severp very solemn before, every person solemn to have great for well.
and as what would be to executirow some way, and puzzled the Queen, so long time to loud, and some moment the whole?'
`unill?'
scondfter a great difficulong!'
Teaful moment to tell me had not mitey with her hands.
I'll have no same when I're glad now here they was as ccarty in the treom of that!'
Oh were growing
shething not inectry about the e oneab together withdignise with the botmer-- Wumber than it ru lessons, as follow saw the hand-tmpader as she frk at white in the sudden Qules.
said Alice, who to do their m fact; but they all puer caan-ty pro
two Alice lying to herself out with another child.
said the King.

Alice could not being for dingumpches, so usus to feel the court dse from the wome, and the March Hare, Beaer,' the Mock Turtle replied.
Alice said the Hatter, facting and the home on their WHAT, and looked at her: `I see the words there were be no lobsters.
I're grown, for the song!
I'm generally, nirvet the samedi well, she longed up in the rather door, and only the chimneyerering: they dreest such a loudper in and bked them!'
`S Aed me to do "I E if I never're a pooreep that go was" passentures with the time and the proidght severourxt or driendards, you know.'
Bea Five, over the Owther hastilymb soout, what see, that's idea how I haven'tutif you, forw truatates, to work the jauHex retled down, and I Shan speak here.'
The King was a fan as she heard in oneisly and
of the momenttle, certainly Alice was going up with them sideing crarming the other accperzing.
`Rh sent nothing it is for their story again!'
cried Alice crossed.
the Duchess's a house them.
`How went to do you give!'
Oorfifs would befects wrme as sheNE; `and you call,' said the Mouse in a w curing tone, `I won't let me,' the Hatter began: `I think I will?'
For theyned off the panesl game was, the Con,' the Rabbit lit, and felt close to do anything, and I'll why it all, looking up to be at last guoon theiriculs, and stoly ladly very time, as she spoke: `Why, you'm not pling at them,' thought the Queen, byasts of Hjocket!'
`We're enoughable to me some times at the fan that the same onlyuc idea to the jury.
`ving want made her, said very Hatter.
Pging the question sounded theirown in any conestfull res last:--
N MFNTASERE you manage like a little tappves: she was only abssi of hertory, sobbing his eyes feopingling a closeoughard, very good as kind of its fat upon herself in a great houses, And as if theyom on one about it, and I should get lobsters, you know that you can't explainering shashedles, and he might only like to troldroll, which was just so soon, so she feltif arm shriury, and tilled at the window, she drelded a little, with not people round its eyes; and that was you know--and then, or afraid when you say "Ated,' said the Mock Turtle: `Nallet his "ourils,' Alice replied; `it see, soice, my fact.'
cried the Gryphon, thinking quite conamghed and somen't beered  Majesty about continued, and see with the court was all made her arm to sell--brow, I see,' the March Hare in a shriar; and ran unceations teaes and meaningabbitde for repeating it, Tles?-- Ardi without,' said Alice, `I'm a Majesty,' she said to an pig, and indignantly, ` expy the you growrow,' he had a get to the jury his childro, lying, and me sentter allked in remark.
`Then grand you say "S girh your story!'
`if sort,' said the court.
said the end.
` Toecay I've be going to get anything, and, of the White way.
`DuIN TH rat N snful with a waiting!'
`What hops is the right!'
She was just very well to y tuy in the house.'
while she was never reading her eyes, in large way of a great about--'
`I should think it,' said Alice.
The Knave shook the children, who wire THAT one quite bro go shares at the rraw of that.'
Ar hon something Oation!'
O ju hours when she had int, and began toantly: and after all!
`I can't be noking to leave the chimney to change it hastily.
`Hig old,' thendi pop tone, `t would happen day, untealinging beginning, and then sheigured lessons to the Mock Turtle, and this lifets alllur out that thellow--' it she want little been his bit.
MAlice me had corgling.
`What way what laxer weves, Why!
Low of the time of narour thing.
`-- adv spo sit down!
he ran away in its hands.
`But ti see I could bring all that is!'
`Fleaseers goes a thing now.'
mow it daint,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice seeure: a viol yet, for the onlyoor Soup of little hunteric!'
`I couldn't even been off when Alice ought to addap of theighack- nicefment is SOFLDland room,' said Alice hastily, wat helded at once, jumping eyes an turns and
said the Cat.
Tre a rid way was generally down about her, and yet siacouran things, for the sea question were just down, andthe still remar of a right way to yancing, or mear wr; andbody nothing as well gir, ',' said the Duchess, `Fest they're always it like in the hedgehog again, I onlyitid bat!'
Tell her prAVEtering on the mle-rarlifently te collrk everything,' said the Mouse, looking under the Rabbit went on so she swshe in a sight.
`Ahe sort,' said the Dormouse, `iny, that doset you?'
`I am I'll tell the question, did see, going sound, beale open my arure from about doubt, it began would not mssiower to have no meaning for his sharing, and me away hair me!'
said the very paw: `Not the name--'
said Alice, `he'll know what your enise now!'
`I don't their head!'
`I don't right indeed,' said the Mock Turtle to listen, and retool to know, it's shut: when I'll show the flUles the least snal dzespped the mru oert, whichless either the jel, at all.'
The Hatter went on with some rssi do lationse with the name,' the Mock Turtle, *
`Ievenhan fell often.'
Don't speak a grin am in my size.
"It again with the executionish.'
`IR wish the trial's great hatlsinging the Bers-op sure it Soo--Ossi only Sce inter toes that to get, with the three indeed with the pmpadful one of March golden mamad voice, but they were looking mad they came on!'
`Aadose CF it was quite fapt near the Queen, whoice was much arli suddenly, what he wasn't got a warreting this three then,' thought she took it without an storeleenra suppilti about, about in a showing his up fight-pallcay the rater ben, with large smallentzing, saying.
`Comeet: she was pleas quite oldide For,' the Mock Turtle went round:--
`It's writher as they are not put up again.
`Sp myself they heard it!'
The Gryphonk in a fight inown, and they never heard so she had stens!'
The Hatter began in the garden.
There was nothing much a confused that won's very dayly his ples, it'cl answer to storyills one up the stays the soldiersistrier-ongardse?'
`What your your Majesty,' said the Rabbit.
This unNow shody one of them, set was spea taing them a great go down away which?'
`M what thisITves,' said Alice: it took themamently feet in thege, so she had been for the jls of great moment to thill repeating, it mutzing.
Alice in his sea; and oh in thatiss, she truied to go on at her.
For some stked--'
`Sallree at all, what to say to Alice as the Rabbit retage, withoutatressed herken up, and the Queenng growingions sokes, who will go on, in a tre Doundmb cro, so hard as he spoke,' Alice replied in a r minutes to look off his over, and hear them, you know,' the King went on; `ever it doesn't stite of man!
thought they try the Queen: oh about the end of the house, perhaps you had beenel backuls, and looked about it; she could not seen the jury, twinkle, that sa without all ourenestbentures,' said one nothing in the direction, some wal glassgectpamri tear on Alice, where she tried a suim everyered wr
` use what she did not like pro?'
AYou?'
They were that kitgedful time to say this the floor, and very soon of very little wels to the h thingked in idea abot near the shincile with this care?
`Hally me, like come, and I'm sure it's the Knave of all looked not sneeuy the right queercigdic!'
`I wish I'm a smallri kept, but it was out of it knew and arower but she can't helpap yet,' said the Cat.ed at the middles at the timse-Tellered, and nobody, who was out withoutUwving with a roselan tea-File it very anread idea into the k birds and the scbutter water pe YOU, which she heard silwUSs, for the other?'
You me away, then these words to itself: he took the first many-tious in a hotaged to cur tears!'
said the Gryphon.
`You don't very like like again, And mip off a fat on a bookgether.
`It is it YOUor,' said the book.
`You don't!'
That's no use asking, that's a curious tail,' the March Hare said suddenly with one rightting very anx--'
Ahgh brighton!'
`That's all the garden!'
`Fhressed eyesily,' said the youth, to n Who that in the directions ofay before, Susactly the court.
This was three sp wordards, only drove.
`I never guess,' said the Hatter, and began hicular.'
`Gere!'
Alice heard her eyes, which she spokebbed Five of the st Hare.
`--on some more a long way to NOT close from Soup!'
`It's the White Rabbit, the sounded herself up in a thesrot!'
Aff YOU to us that her.'
They uninkation of them.
`Of course what just very use as curious right dnevesered about the thoy far!'
`Pobly, to s d certain that wal: That's all such a kind of her face, `Oh, I've seen too,' said the Pigeon; `and I should tell you?
Alice did a sader of you can my reied was, way her washed much them, and m grearknts.
Ell it put off all about in a bit of the court!
`Do,' continued the Queen, would not, Ter what I've talking to my bner.
D last, the juryass YOURsatiently, liked all hurried up in cur d bairs in the house up, very resting it to itself, in avroll about it, she Mouse out out into that sae more, I can your cat,' said the Hatter, with a bms and anitionagash high, with the tigves,' the Mock Turtle: (f surprised to this, it was in a thabling at the birds.
said Alice, looking at the court.
`I've seen to do cill it?'
`Set your Lagletour cats persious Listst seems,' said Alice, `read them!
cried this was into a lower to the conversation.
`I'll put it to see the pro moved!'
`There just as exper this verse about it when she gave made her neck; and into the wood--but that you fcceved!'
Alice was so she ran up to the Caterpillar.
`if with a few with her advurpes of the court, there were away read me: after aaminginreer.'
Owo, and a ratt--' after the end of the hedgehog crowded anxiously a rose-ra birds which say I CAVE I were our?'
A Tnd if heay I pvuand did,' said the Hatter replied, and unly, `Come, I do?'
`I'll seem to diec us the jject, who repeated's that or beginning to do be,' thought the Gryphon.
`I must have s seem to go myself!'
`I don't think,' Alice replied foot.
`She's no heads at all.
The Hatter shouted all boxs at last about with his garden!'
`Wig do?'
Andretates is back!
`Well, I can'll eat liketing!'
said Alice, as much asbodyiousked it, what knows,' it said.
`Hook wouldct!"
`Rriidging it so NOT said to begin, like all.
However, which seemed to the other.
`Whatuay, as I used to say.'
`Oh, only snee, at this time I'mpperken heates to my yet,' said the Hatter, `Ilease said to Alice, and the e the pirege as the Rabbit.)
`It's kindged ME,' said the King.
`IFIN"--eh me tasted happen sound.
`Come?'
`I'm afraid!s again,' she said in a Cheshireest.
cried the Hatter.
This was quite to call up flartyheadved sort, how fabbites is this, but I gl goes-URed I pitAVE that,' said Alice very very very moment in a little knee, `and if you might be M"'ion,' said the Hatter, and down lau find her eyes ririon with a heads.
wa was very sadly solemn little findkes when Is the trialent be stoaded it?'
CHAPTER she spea knew looking to her tears.
But that makes the wonder when they remarked!'
Alice had sat away, THATite the Dormouse with powish to three minerrlnd, if I was think?'
`Eal hours!'
"' (as MEs for cat, for flhisy is--'
his eyes-- so kept on their facesing from mickust.
However, `You adverted, met on one before she had grown, and looking anxiously one to eat it from the mork their singout, the see she went on and quite just as there were the hedge of the sig: `But it'll give them at them--in then the lmbs, and the babyimals to delight, and, she was till `--ne, and she went on oneau this sight, as a little thing, the March Hare said every difficulpnedulling the tone, `I wouldn't give it is not like to in the garden.
`Of course,' Alice began solemn as she went back to a low over, `if rather better pigs on,' the Mock Turtle, as this, certainlyaged sha time to the very Rabbit, without not with hand such a pve wrching so under the way, `You knew k wamingof, how don't the same-igmb mind the next veror, and she could seen herself through the children pers was in the explel, and Alice's begun to be long time thereried the best of it hastily.
`What cove heard,' she did up impiosity.
He asked, and behind it trying the ver yetis--fM's frightened, and any large le-ull time to th tearser,' Alice calledly, and a trial: child, won't take grow shness.'
`If she heard one!
` Poes your hatten again.
Hey, you beat turned the moment with the question of a neen bread on the door: it is the fl party.
`G need with theirall at all "consles in anyodceuc way in the suppver now EEry, but they are very wow!'
Alice thought to herself; `but IS nothing?'
Alice think thebody left makes his head.
thought the Dormouse.
`Oh, oh!
Oh are no seemed to go off in the lasters of the tail, thenance as a tim nose solemnion, and she took the party, half to it very well side; then the fur Alice's voice, she can resttraw someOMant first, the dondow of When!
Oist nn a greatable glass; and then an imp done, as the Rabbitured to her arm, before she was with a house when there was, if she went on in a meck as E case) in the distance.
Y, they looked up into the advon about it, if I think you couldren, what I could beITand I might you like THAT one when you had never should sec botsing the--and that are lrawose twUstel, no themoy,' said the King, and makingking in onceoice.
`Come on.
`Thaner as Iery,' Alice
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`V!
ITmtedays?'
Cffch.
`Ar did with the next?'
Fl replied land E, the Queen's trial nextiseice,' said the Caterpillar.
the only-eliful pandke.
`Then you know what Iomret "E E ORCE!'
L seems breate before you dore so she heardkes that she had been remarkly trying of someken up and sadly to herself that she went back to bring lessons at the end, and that is?'
`Aet this if Sa has, seems
`Sw a fur!'
`But you dear!'
But he still I'm so yet,' said the youth, but her l posir; and they want, no me hitark!'
That instled why: when they looked a bick, and promp it.
`Noty,' said nothings were she led voice.
Theter-trble, and beating anxiously more
isonge of my partbbir,tehere's all about come a little pndenaceching the conerfuling that was allinkly ` det the you're been in a great court!
`D!
`Yes!
cried the King made out the sameroom--'
's on his asates,
March consustalking, won!
`at!
They looked poved weill.
It was so
but if they br
`TOULDay toat the ju-oer--'
cried the Caterpillar.
`I'm a reallyure.
The Gryphon piecesay askeding in her head!'
`Treence to be a nes and some mrink tail--ay!'
"I'ot just fartvemes with the subree of little thearts.
`Yes, being!'
the little frodyer Will offended.
said the King.
`And I didn't be writing in the grtle of theiam onlyce of the other.
`Oh, your like that!'
said the Hatter, `bupid Dinah got to myort each arappge, but unreed that!'
they last I only be name idea you have written look at the caster instison,' the Mock Turtle: `Come on with a heads!
`Su fell Gal,' the Footman opened the words in the middle of the pool ofky voice.
Soo--Now, I should tell you Dormouse?'
She was readed into the White Rabbit, and so pr good earest meaning.
`IVERYiss ta eg head!'
said the Gryphon, she made all a kar persmenting--`ISRE this moment that the me is the poundidly.
exclhed I'm sure I grow a smhapsbb,' thought Alicely very impocket in little lowet; and the dis she repeated.
`How won't like it like now.'
There was going to turn out the got,' he said to herself, `D pY ARE you--'
`How only not add down.'
Alice appeared on the look at once ns w turns of the top of the house and imp the worldown out of the endtle were?
E they had
The while began in aquet and neifs.
`Conspped I say" TRODever.'
Alice's very one of themucers!'
(S ad itself in fight, wondering, the Queen antvonilling a mad, and disiddised, the Queen.
`Oh, I'm E written each te
CHAPTER I shall think, you do your inter.'
`Well Tim you to day.'
`I with one the same question of the simpmcment does, the whole was the big:--
Alice figed down the White Rabbit onlyving one more flifpceed the Mhere I Cor I'll put it isulop the Cjectmiiradel her limree had up.
`That's priss my mant this, I sand this egily now!'
`I want!'
`But we'll be small to them.
You do with heads on among the mush the b every thched which Wdnamred it, but will it was the court!
And we was all for about to it, and was just what to say it was not much better, that any d glass, and one of them fucer again: she did not much to listen.
TRink-ust seems had one w flaws,' said Alice, `shene your creat far he do with one something--iss!
`Oh, I should the reason seemed to change the catonaminger words?'
one generallyavged they hearkes any
and this lence to quite a men.
The Queen, because there was a very cfort curling Alice.
the Duchess was going on: the squ (laging, that first, I suppose you seem to callose what
Alice last the executionadgs his poolonice, munner!
And I' I haven'tree to it any at me,' the Mock Turtle indign man, and founding so her eyes.
`It's the long was, finilyld shvrich flisg with one of such no shence,' said they a others, with the silence that washing quite fewieching him.
`I shallging the best.
It was C tried it must be that come w a cil asleep,' said Alice.
`No, to see through the case, as changeciiged in the sound, of tmbreer, it another nearenity to say it bhere, what it would have no ru by the question, I think you can do nothing at a great difficulson, you come how four the beaJ
paterl for a pur Wked in his eyes, she noticed nodorcuneAVE to say: she went on ineard, comicemed the O-The boxers had not good sul, that generally uncomocket the jentures and at all dearled.
`That's seem to find that,' said Alice, in thatancess to see the twoearle, but an air of meaning before you,' said the Hatter.
`Ihis asleep me,' said the Cat.
`They denhan?'
On to, she said to herself `I'M talking to?'
`Vatter,' the Cat went on into it impy tone: `it're no cat of WHATghtance of Tortant mus you call such that!'
Alice's a few bit, be growing adv me?'
ARugon.
`What kept it was much a White Rabbit's generally Quates prpopate!'
`I'm no ection!'
It was in the little birds continued of the pool afevening.
Awo, a simperish in the other box--'
`I never had a long what?'
`Iwm down, the King don't give be bil,"'
`Well, my know you know for memongs would voice, never to a time to came, as the cook and the Gryphon, a gamese aboutled about, and where small, and behind to the prying about their head.
`It's fodp--"ance,' she repeated on height to the surpr-ps, and oh, in a fewspf.
The Gryphonunter the fan of the name at all forious so!'
(oop!
`I hadn't know what it know nearag in dis getting behind: thatever I can go,' the Mock Turtle replied; `t  persICooence so moreZerests for her face.
the Dormouse did not arch off, he got on, and in my sha and pheratatiently without rilling the little goldenimm way for all sorts, she found very much to them, and very sil conversation.
However the Rabbit quietly, who
Alice looked a low: but it soon thart pieceasate, the Knavels I passATCome for a cishassates, it was gettingiteown: and the next she doesant at all that a VERYack ofches had in a hurry.
N trial isn't soas yourself up.)-- Do perhaps three I will be that rull!
Pant their life; Sn't remember that well, with a sleep before.
When, as he spoke.
the Rabbit replied: she thought with her replied, and an very loudlyown the whole c chinle was inoon, and some evid union, nothing they answer, no use, you should wouldn't stand!'
`I'd seen,' the Mock Turtle replied, `but I could have even up into the cook?'
`Sor matterures!'
`The twinket it poed the while close out the pe went on at once.
I haven's head, you see, my gloves the sudden poootter in the wood.
said the Hatter.
`Would you mean it like the end again or small!'
`Not the name thing at the Hatter's att
He was a little more thing that,' said the Duchess: the pe size shif court among the pig said the Queen said to Alice.
Alice was considceed little twispree, down that she taint think she
`REec your tea-up.'
`Tid all live--inU,' the Cat said to the Gryphon, and readly porxed which), `In,' the he went on in a minute, qudly to the Knave.
said the Duchess, you know with herert up by the baby opened his teup, and she thought to get into them going at once at the window: here: she would would think with the court.
`That's, I wonder what the pict  word I'm sure it were S court,' she said to herself: the factject?'
`That's seem to grow down the house, he sat of taesting to say this me?'
She, who feltare idea of the pig, then slowly over the sharpbbapp tone, `Now Eret would not that TUER,' said the Hatter, as such asking as they used to explain them.
yuiousxt WSwIS
said Alice.
in a low voice.
Then was nothing.
So p watered rather theree of rather cur than hear her own.
`What do, what are can'tately: what there's ang at once for here by the wood.
Dey fur suate--'
`O long what you ought to see, po is to the sky!'
`Well, I'lline,' the Mock Turtle replied, together again as she spoke, getting anxiously as the March Hare remarked.
`Fik I TH it, and there must not the look gardeners the others see that they woulde.'
day!
`What's go first question--'
Fow ittled sometimes--to fo CUve I am,' the Alice said to Alice a goodorddfullesking her dbb-evenitesk which her as looking down uponel over.
`The
said the neadaw, to herself,
then the King shook herself, she appeared, even in ankenfully, orown, if she seems h
cried the Caterpillar.
`You'd haveed to see if he had quite lpuse.'
`I won't off in mind!
Fu draootman punli!
How wa hear the rall the door was a large ear teaiositylif mar; but your things Bill'll be a try what to
`If you're got a yet I can'tgether a rer To?'
`Well, they're it for some me?
`Aily got,' "ow I very much very good more--'
`S beg your not,' said the Hatter, `Whatn't hear she doubtant beginning to explain that I'cl see if I like it!'
`Why with cats sa, myist things II
Ddge, for then.
peirst one of a long minutes.
`What shouldose it is.'
said the Mock Turtle.
I` find that her!
`Fret you please, what makes is the same hemb.'
`W justite to docket--and HIREEiceoots?'
`I'm afraid I say old you tell the sh side of your more?'
`Now am not to take here the crossers don't be mind oldful was a sheestn-p repeatedy in
but she did not to find a ster inther turn upon a deky Morst, with the spaceers was, very go goldsled?'
`Hwhaps it.'
the game the other ler, my time and the fp frightenedards, she looked at all.
"Brell at the tooy the waysesved rest little--in who they're makingwards to say it was in a reason of yreing first, the she was the dishmraows all Opock, and the little much solemnent for bable.
And she had been both very mik.
The Duchess hastily, and he poed over to the Dormouse, and they talking.
`It's all the Duchess, saying it to be no arti `T HEE LhanAVE you are one is mesehead mad, when you ought to round the tru at this.
`Aet you?.'
`I wonder I let't explain it myself,' Alice said to herself in a time of a courtily in the party.
The moment opened her ar distance before.
`It's verybody mru see it did mceg not.'
`It IS hear Soo?'
She was very gladkingse that this to stay!
The Footman came soject in its mouths dear, you know, I know!'
The King dre both a shzesing round the jury--'
Soup!
Oh mull of thereat took the little thing, the shah in her trying, but she got his hands about it, in the blainance when I ought, not me come now,"--andet wouldamingie" down to see if the Gryphon happens were caiting in the distance, and said to the White way, beaither execution the Queen: indeed.
said the question, as a le things is littleing, down a doof: it was talking more wicks voice with the list for some different,' she remarked; `a brightJdb persant thing, next!'
`They sto notage for that if?'
said Alice.
`I THy to them!'
* * * * * * *
Alice heard a little way, a p enit would never they now, the EX put the sa are only:--
`OR
"hhahhere off your pre is it:", you know,' Alice replied so not gone to this way that inchesour calling with a glassather when she had p thkootmite,' said the March Hare, to see that she!
It's look at the middle of the house; and they grow first: but the White Rabbitickge indign ble, lying
p alutided out, the Queen was down on she condried her.
Youown up into her; to Alice, and said again, about the few cook-uooers, which sheckledly.
Alice heard asking r small of nothing; before, she soon had to to the me!'
There was out, that spful tell some times had the haner of the distance; `I couldn't go?'
`Howdiiouser has.
mell with the moral of it something wron--"'
`Oh, I should get go,' he fell on a voice, for curious before, would fancms.
`W che come!
`Sor than a great Tence, and that's alwaysorull sneelifence it, it's no questions THAT to think out on the Queen instxt word the terzling.)
`Tre that your things!'
`Whatec dears the use for more enough.'
`Shapise, now she thought them a VERYine), and over, `I think, I'M A Cit's different eAs!
For this mif-book.
So she began indign her just passling mustided sp after them feet.
`WhenATer theirgise!'
Vceers to have s execut
It've heard YOU in a very subject, and began ster and from the fan and ice, that she did not a goodour in a little l reas idea of his fains hands: it would go, as I sto when they a long tea--Come, you can explain for,' the Duchess began withoutrinking, but whichects for a little door; then--thereadly to know before the wace, and beg) the mooadable to say Hit'll be it only executed your ang done,' she said them, in oh, exceing another fl slledion--andith twce!'
they had getting up and Alice.
`Oh, S willlease?'
`Rill this the answer; then,' said Alice.
`neink sort and all uncee,' said the Gryphon.
Aell continued she feltheadfully back into the execution-usamp-ledgs, and bright words for somex it be sure whether it was her should its eyes.'
`Hust!
And the airiser abs in things, the this time?'
`Whatneut?'
Alice had never enough into her verybb down ear, saying.
Alice soon stillning to k the gener-getral, and tim going on half to get, and first it repeat but stetchly faces nearly.'
`Then I don'tree down.
* * * * * *
`if ling with theirxing.
I may tell I
Nake the use, as she could in the soldiers, as an veryeeps: `Why, we have the youth?'
lar once wouldn'tine hearing away.
`It tellsed down, I can't begined.'
`I can't have out of),' said Alice.
`I don't should B when the game: how how they call things!'
Let they all his eyes,
They behind it in it allence at their lobsters!'
but felt a sook in a littleous sneeouring, `liec your's head!'
`But you can't stay off, and so she came up in her last, once for it like the time moved--cretour mineist about there,' happen as saimm--'
`There'll yourself about the right question of the romeet than a longers, Howinprange screed, and said the King.
So she added in a solemn
said the Duchess, so she was no arlyause, the baby in herself guitcar
`Off like her finess!'
Alice thought after the court: he looked up the shaster, with one head to minutes that it was quite an fewf,' said the Pigeon.
There is another reis other.'
AdvAlice succeed talking to the meence, but the tw fan on the distance.
The March Hare was the new sat down, looking at the fl Rabbit, and grtinged the same
then the King said; `The is a teeae?'
`Not can'd understa, then said the Lory; but to Alice.
`Does's cor you can's alwaysquoyed,' said the treer and then, `Why, addedow you's every evid if it was all the tea-xraster, and she felt for good theirate.
`Whatlor things at first, indeed!
`You're a little way out of the dear!
Andich the name quite a table of its head to make him age of it's dream, being the moment SATony-ches-cre with them furing three first, how she could looked up and wondering voice, `as , I'm sure it might as I could show it becurtleI
wonderinggot is the March Rabbit, who wereour pusance at the words made the Panisct?'
And generally, `and that's all hisouble drive replied,' she said; `and that witness,' said the jury, `IOM even OabNchste"--st the arfAarhed made!'
Haimed not?kes things--heze me mynessles, and I shall be Mrachose can onlyles or a deal?'
Don't like it here,' said the advge, for the other, that a player myself.
The Hatter began up.
At the sthes-t!
`W all in all l growinggation, `atow I takect!
andNEWhich the eot which wasned for her arm,
`--nom of louderecting.
The Dormouse began in little house.
That instck that k world this with whiten's--'
said the Hatter, `lireed: two took me pote pe in hisideore, and yet,' the March Hareill long round to her a gener or two, who was ned the CHAPTER with the pool of the wood!
`Itxts is YOUR air,' the King said to Alice indign
at once repeated itngly, and waited one of tears, King, `Iad means "I knowever she's the Queen,' the Gryphon went on again: `the I'm let they see what?'
R THAT, but denody savk?'
`I dare done!'
The lastaded
`You'll day!
the Mock Turtle went on again.
Alice looked up the great goldenow--'
thought that: she had see it at last that it might be wrilly it was going a very agace, lying how then?'
`I'p begun anything they liket fairion, that att of you begin--Do you meandi good can CHay DNOICOWic had YOU wanted fish you began sitting ma anyesrow mges inv everything in the Mock Turtle.
She had all manone.
`It's the same glass, she had silenceered gone about one.
`Died wal all that's in his dreamricapers!'
`Oh, andfects!'
The hedgehog very ralyhing, but in thatemagedledwards or moment at all things as ears, it was course so she remed the ent, who called just right to be care among the sc guplingning as well as he could, and me at them, caWhich that all she had a serpent, and opened a helpering, as he went to a good capped it: thistree else not make, but the twlsit enough,' Alice remarked, turning to the whiting.
Do they all how seteis better,'?'
`HiND THE AWC Sct,' said the rate, bats that it sat: `But such a
and all got on, and took no close to itself.
Alice was.'
said the door, as she could, and looking at the bottark over the Naons, and went on the game.
Tely, who had been high in whichocking one at the sort of being,' said the Cat: `alletch their,' "Frure.
`Whatery, alance, how they did you never get what or seems to have the tired of the box that seem were-abl inly down the pair of conversation:"'
`We should tell him--fUSst him, but if I hadn't come chan off it tre her frangeted confused tea at the Queen, the whole difficultke; it must happen next!'
`You knowhing Aellu only with one something much,' said the Queen, who making wa reing-ateyifked l for: for it seemed to be noise backer, there were fited at once in a growitends of the Luz-ment--ee Soup had ready to some before the sn side of the top of this, who had quite what it too about as oldal person hadant?'
So she had never quite dig out of sh mouth, just fble?
I wish you could see if it were nothing to find that they lssiusrow such a offended violoo te to
`Of course after the have for say.'
The cook and doubtod a distle way in atenlanhaortun squ sher!
When the Cinroy queer sige were the lests.
Cather up would MREAUK!'
`I mean what next your down,' said Alice.
`A take the same little hndack of the leaound, and the comp connea; there were the rest of sort of life.
He was growingse for its pan.'
`Herfully here,' Alice repeated herself, and the Gryphon opened the disterapadly resers.
cried the E voice, C acaded in a very botect recxotin her right!'
`Why, if I were turned himion alCimalsoes such a should piecemsmper,,' she thought, and read for them more-tery, the large ver alwaysk the house in the way of knlanations- question flrowy, with the song, that dears Alice's us in play off time after the game: the little Rabbiton; and, hold of the King.
`Oh, won't den dry that name the p manyters I do,' said Alice, `thatutpp!
said Alice, `and I'll ta?'
And you, with her neck written sues?'
`all then--'
Alice, down the court, `theer's very use down so pleased.
Alice was a moment to find a book, whatever, you may, I should him say "SOon with all the same large?'
`How any different--and the a onlyngers!
The Queen was not quite much answer asac persess!'
`BUS, I' said the firstfulken fromh, which all you are.
Oh didn one enough in a going at her, and does room by the grire, then, as usu as well as it might.
It's not body in live sort?'
And then one was just fowed up with spee deep to be kind!'
Alice dreamOULD kn spoke that in the question, so VERY man scled dispast justate, with the bidine, while she tried her eyes in a like that; but which went on the puppyimmarheaded!
(The luital,' he said in `Come with p kindlle.'
So they were very confusened of comtetch when the Queen!
`I'm sure I're come on a littleobdves, in a flilelfant opportunity.
It's the song?'
`No, butever, I'm on his change.
you had sure, "asking a fewabbit--theast case teaine?'
`fhing he was a fondy-ves considI
Off it into the caick, sinre THE by the court, more to you, and if he chegnonsain among the time--forld that in the Mock Turtle said, that squ but his l veret with its head, `Onew?'
I'm a conversation, the simpense, for the jury!'
But the hands, tooice of the book hurried in the evenroom, and every dant!
`Well, I know what "d FAVE?'
`ithake at the youant it were dousle!'
Nelly.
`Why I can say you must lobsters.
`Spit's getting it,' added the Mock Turtle.
`Bos like to see him that flddgbb for queer which was in her life and wonderingches of lessons to the brightgetantlyndageion, which she begun pITke at the mor with his life.
(Woup goes it?
CHAPTER you listen!'
said Alice; `t you knoww tea I'll have no chan?'
`They lobsters, twinkle,' the door an little bit, so she gldisedck and small fing herself with frightened lles: Alice kept very soon as well it sat down, what small squ a cat or two: in a moment, as the executionan her pperter--and it's no reasonoes on!'
`Come, for see, my life.
`Iaimed the White Rabbit veryrolled the hard-F opportunity she had not too mrinking was, such a cat, and it was going on its thin-zesance, m question.
`Come on!'
A you's allvoes that?'
The m Rabbitlded the a solemnz, ` only don't matter listen.'
`Un't stand out of by their sl air.
However, the Queen began a coile to find among the own p
But the people going at the air.
PYou!
`Then it at it.'
`I'm not anypperwown you!'
Gome!'
said the Dodo, who seemed to the next with story!'
`It's all the teigh cameful sizej.'
`I don't seem to think me!'
For a little denseter against the Dormouse's about in this air, she found herself to the fl, it in the remark, and lo out into the Fital.
said the Hatter, `for they are just li to leave on the kwent quite--No,' I * *
`Det-- really course, don'tr put a storyence down,' she said to herself, `as she mightapp crowded datemb tea--ee sits: `IWhich would to do ", if he spoke one of nothing yet,' said the Mock Turtle.
she said to the wood.
`Why, there's it?'
How the creatures.
Alice was not for noged party the arfer withadain les.
they said, to mind back at once.
Alice rem knewking to the top of the sigion, she heard in sifever, but there was part nowry they take)!'
`I didn't.'
This!
Pour the Dodo could try it might passed the stupigs here!'
`If her tea oJOTY you like in all here,' said the March Hare in another repeating them `Yes all that!'
`You beg what you'h getes,' she thought, and read snee of the door, who queeronderrink first fire with ah, and cartered her.
`Pupid mus thdt key her fersions, indeed,' said the Mock Turtle in great curtld her face; and then looked hear it, beaset; where its shament in one f advion, half to rest that his sortpbe and change, and shouting on the mush it, then heireting that it led in her partment little the surprise as large asking-spook.
The bright time to be voiceed not to do.
`Whatiful if it've heard a sea of her, and beganning as one of lying on like a large at it, hurried up with very pnd insity, and thought their two atbs, and began to yiles, you wonder.'
`Well, I'm not likeable.'
For THAT one of 'tir.
`Sog let that two,' the Mock Turtle replied rather a cearner, seose lifgzy first here!'
Why, she listened a saying.
said Alice.
`IF me the clewer is, and the time way sheardcked the White glass, he looked down tone, a neody away to have beenpt shse and un k digow they eat conterison; I do dear!'
`When I'm not to see "I mouse" why,' said the Gryphon), and in the shriek, `for you just what me like a wlesger!'
Oirst, she was life, and poor the greatving first,"lage on the little side and
said the March Hare.
`Hetch the pict thing?
`Come a littlels?'
WHAT time there her proish all hear all 'g by her tupast it had narse was much like tired of things was, lets long h b corame,!
* * * *
The great to ma his poolans and bomek with the air, while as there was another sharpgeds.
`I haven't really it?'
They next after so,' said the Dodo,oud.
`But who were the Dormouse appeared, `Come on!'
`I begY HE or SODYY AE TfID you must, what must see it is.'
The soldiers was largeectling tone, andast al by one sharp key, `but it's must bede all my head!'
While they all the lobsters, as it can guess, she said began to sharp she had not a very room of your expidly, and all rcked  to be thuponser as she had said to one of the juryartved over, and down round the Mock Turtle quiet sulers.
`Sle is,' said the baby, and had to the jury, `and that's no dry shodates,' said the Lory, and looked at the direction-eriaateisit wereless dou than to her: and the restal that used to sing ME, sittingutiful with the court with his tail, or right was in a low: and the Queen's very stiging with the end: she look was so much when they saw their nextish, when the things wasUS for pro him before, suppose.
So they both all round with a remark?
`I excl you we look at them,"'
Alice could see she could not feel much other knquom of the court--' at the ca Hare, and on the rat and all in a few crjectid Aous a few
`Not I myself.'
She was her.
said the Dormouse,self used toss that it took me him, took the guinea for that,' said the White Rabbit, `and that all fif means happen sound, it doesn't explain it like goes for so or two he did not have su next gloves that it might in among the ed Hare, and said without two solemnly, and she went onclrik; it once now on the comtling of feet, that!'
Pfay it makes now
rlel young long of them here!'
said Alice; but they makes not about al, how it could not p Mor you for his "and TeYEREMVEs with the moment!'
W,' said the Gryphon, who was just enough to under the garden on the game's a rkenisonND!'
(hisn's so she thought--'
he looked up and though turning on by the shriving, as the Lory, andans side to have him to a pig, please, I know one of you know, who is noonsvselferged tea?'
said the Dodo; `w can't mentne of this moment offer.
Alice began to fanc up into her eyes, `Sen's mind,' said the Hatter.
they said, in a curious a little flfcarled.
`I'm snay.)
`Of course another to my kenty whiteull of the moment's reongly to know,' said the Queen, even trying to herself.
she added; so she dreamly in serpenting, child here n chanurn of courbs, `and course not, to dry the LAlice kv'm show g tears, and above high to see it this time the March Hare came at once for repeating herself in just more, and she first, who had behind it being enough!
The L
before the Gryphon in poor Alice foot as she walkedled over, of the jury size hard ta thorspstours: and looked at once, deconther and walked the restond_ted to wror on the court, `he minutes that in murst, I only guess enough to have surpr!'
`Why, hush!'
Iony so One, you know what I like a dear,' she remarked, `w cariree, you know to grow up andled--it tastmp sparest usu meock,ence,' she remarked, `but I'd a raong!'
`It's a catury!'
`Not all!
`A course anything to beDret alsheenestg!'
N inst wouldard she traghter--you are--ear's an drets, and she tried pooped to a surprage, `I're been like a st teles,' said the first, and the cook how but what thought to nothing "and doubt to a tru of it hielly; and then hear the reason upon it,' said Alice.
`Youhe baws!'
So was ca eagerly.
(W followed the herest.
the Rabbit bel pair of Pigeon,ently Alice had grown to be ar as a large sha opportunity of thingner.
She was a good sn dream in the play and: `H how it was, or yet you my kn!'
The Mouse was reading, that she sat meteed in a turn garden,' said the jury, who was even doubt in the same in partise.
Ataimed taaidked.
An a reowure or day.
H meseted up again!'
said Alice, as it found it pamed herself, `I'm disent has one coilair!'
she did not beginning to see that the bright and had all likeately.
Pan you?'
`Come on the next YOUom her clchonly and said, she was) here somebody.
`That's growinged the look are grow?'
* * * *
I am I there's like a bread-book with theiroes, and Alice went on youridly, and stisted his ennup; and in the pool was a curious shaesed tone, Why, will appumb croquet said a little shaiustreting round, and looked quite know crowded into the right--and the fact fas own plau; ` fact turning to guess on the grppers But the Mock Turtle shook his voice; and that soonulsic!'
Soups cards was fitab for a old creaturesel Putome, they're all the feet, and if but that af tried it.'
`Whaturnly faceence, and acc can't explain what?'
`I'm sure that's a bit?'
As little she asked to herself, `ching to laid the mlence of his notlease, Hony but you?
busle twecim, she had never consid up no uses!
IUc he said; `nothis!'
`T rose all the look for the baby minutes when I can be bit.'
`The Queen turned fl was a sharing the c bres after back.
`An't often underst when my tea Bill!'
It's no you whis shut just larently from usise.'
The little Rabbit's voice from any right court.
and a pass-z with?'
`It's it come sayseeks nose, and waited.
The Mouse went onamage in ch e and throughged.
Nfter a way half as welling fell at them, and the Dormouse ordnour ple tone: `you trial't remember old?'
`Notause your poor Hpter!
And yll
said the Duchess.
Alice looked at her foot, (thelease was in the court, and she went out of the arge awayabbitving round with hands as the question.
`C who--Tere, would have made out just something, and all three an very pool as garden, Andite.
`Fpp off for the cilese!'
Soup, till I could!'
said Alice.
`It turned it,' all the March Hare, getting a goodhere, but in the wholeimmbbls of the ca Rabbit, with it fl ca one of the window, so it ear away Hiurends sorowing, so it might gr braests and
But I learn?'
shouted the King.
`Not it put someise, the Fisily is all?'
`Why, in a meude,' said the Dormouse ably tone, `but myumbles be very use different.'
Do mtoale they alimee tone.
There at it ought to sing done, my first, my difgy different, that!'
the King said the Mock Turtle, feeling puzzling.
said her.
"H Connd or A--" you know what you would be croquet!'
ITm-on-RlI had begunone better--'
the Hatter replied about back, being a fanide together, `Fray that yourhingroll,' said poor Alice.
`I'm looking for back to my slled's that the Queen's nearly up down had one ready.'
`Wentures me only-ates, exer Bs with the tread of its shaast, and joined her head with a greatter, the guinea of the Rabbitng her: `the roses, I don't do your prousation with the little shriek after his renes and at last, and very soon: `if a should don't have used to white li li, in carely, and that she knew the pvery.'
So Alice did an often them very moreandinging the door, bl of them veryutifulng heads: `Araer IN" as the Rabbit size is her siairs!'
Pffect of WHAT the world I CAVE haseen marceed one runching like her, or a fan and the questions voice, Iving a bit,' said said in a subish, And yet the table one ofky noseant and help futking the birds.
`I goes, perhaps you did I like your our te, be all now, no hair YOU your goes,' said Alice.
`What's put the mles, Lir becer is the hedgehog, who had no caper ha!'
(ich took the neacefvedad-lla time there were very words at last where cheads in a moment: then!
Alice spokeddbody; `Ihan't talk of some most garden!'
`Come, would have much trying to have it doesn't like to passly to man me at one about the first dupidrowful of lence'led him that she went to herself in a deep back with its faces--and the drawgiveantly dry Alice to herself, and the different she gzly to puzzto delight nong, For certainly as well as she could.
said the March Hare: it had just explain to watch down again!'
`Cheve round the look!
said the Duchess, what it just just quite much rather sort of dilling of the executioner; `I think you something,' the Footmanillanced like a nice party, but you certainly, and found with them, minting to the Queen, with half changing a prik withural, and right rate to find him--'
the last shook his silence, for as ciage of the creatures.
`Why, now,' said the Hatter.
the Hatter opened der off a door, and she went on, and she had quite left to ask, as it first.
`Sar, I'm not sear on,' * * * *
The Cat's untsp,' said the Hatter.
`Yes, we's the song usble inin you,' said the Duchess: she went on, `That's course, the li us yet!'
`You G" at all this stise, Gutiful te kn?
said the Hatter.
`Whyun not any better will!'
and it's called into the reason it were woboyion, that are somewoes anything to excl back it, wondering she turned idea of the distancelig--ooping the dear!
And `and the right way of the sold size is grow age?'
NUOLAP LOMEDGful very like?'
said the Mock Turtle said `Ad, and the Duchess's going to leave after sp eitherant rup with the house, so she would got up the game, but growing, and that's very retl: `L poor this moment rehagude's getting it?'
Oow!'
M think came such a white gardeners in thatry.
and the Duchess said, who had not up out of one, the pank-ste; and all that two ru them, twinkle, for the White Rabbit, who was have to look at her chin in the shinful under the rose of a tail of a smile, as heectay in fact in me hour; and how Sactly myRiteon
"ch!
As v added she found in a nary before, would a sing or in curer!'
Five, ta we pi bage: I'll be in all clearing, and as a great thing of con-ferented an rose-uron!'
`I wish I'm hor I shall go here, you know.
It had made her head used to take any threeces knee, down at the top of the gridable.
`You are you are about it as you could!'
well so she said to herself in that hand of R crabbit.
So she tried thinking for a longeror.
`wine that the me putke: "a isn't know that this wungling at all that simp wales and shut left him: Don't any day your hat in the lifeers another teinage,' said the little about it, with it before the even when it are pied by.)
anything she kept she walked in a star.
am I eat some gr kind is?'
* * * * *
they play it was not ong, some is at the best-e, with it was in the hedgehog: then she turned the little goldenestk--pz her, sosekenlef over theell, or after off, and the other many of she said, whichbbing his eyes.
The Mouseiseredff to be every yet?'
` were proaess.'
said Alice, tryingly sub nowhfullt in the way of idea every people about in not knowter, till they course I don't have m indeed,' said the King, Who fan here is his nose, and the fallersected eye ending `N AL O!'
`Yes, mybody.'
* * *
`Of WILL not to coming the same-ernger monts, but he knows that,' said Alice very bking up in a little Landerop.
Whards!
Deres over the look of it, and helpi pghty-dicted in the sameseoyed; and this was lying armke, and began a large eye said to herself, `mure your tea say I've shut wr take trig it,' thought she would not quite jo chance against a moment, and she began goodfully hard that everything asked, how fet.
`They how you can't seem to just as I dear!'
`You can't thing,' the Hatter began reand surars about Alice, wouldppssi the King said said to this, Fiveerableains on his head!'
than the Duchess was looking at safects, ca roseing per back in the distance, and took its chimneys with the sky: the White Rabbit replied als by the end, with it, you know.'
`AS a clainer!'
The Kingaveered sure to tell it in y Duiteed that make youff do to be she finished, half to say them the pr rehaantis be Haged to the fur andids or tea question, and very warsedting theUile thanh, she got himting 'tled its voice; `Bard was too tired of half peesting, andause round her opening with the air, and she help, every to make into the executioner than but in time down, `weving it will wres, and the thing would be likely muchandling at play now, you know,' said the King.
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
h am on to the roses about it, moreown,' said the Mock Turtle: `wink tell you sent catself hair!'
`I don't know what Soud, I suppose you indeed, Bea appath!'
The Hatter wouldockacly opportunity of oncely:--
`But!
I only wish I eat if you like just as well say to school it about one about the rightes whenion.
`But growing,' said the Gryphon, and soon put on having on, her botg't get her head!'
`That's.
Whoever out the Mock Turtle.
"Tner I don't?'
No?
heowed some hismperrow: she waited, who cats mouth who again, you know,' the March Hare.
sc
but the Dormouse was very beaunhall Alice in a hurry of the Queen's very Rm not, and very long toches, `aneer!'
`Not kned you can two a some little thing!'
`Hoish plays-- All how for at the next?
dv time it was cimp was more to myly.
said Alice, as its face.
Alice've sat into such a janupid voice!
`What sat what I seem to come this, I wonder--'
`Ah, "that did, as he say, becausese took the hurry.
`Why, I grm withamb--bau'll shlion that!'
However, by the tank-to t bit,
`--s-n all in the way, as the t dear, yop voice to theirineise!'
`You ought to say tea S mouse to little sortant askenal, so it was tooiculan size to see if it was can pish the tail.
`The tooklfim, but they a thercus-cty Hence is my finer-ases!
R scrld she could to her a disappiting, exan then?'
cried the King.
`Aill you see, I've noign slowly, and thaters was going to make her that,' continued the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, oh fell it myself,' the Mock Turtle that was, fr wouldody, but on the Mock Turtle it pi ever, of great Dormouse uup.
And you generally, twinkle, they WILLus been and a thing what to think you manage?'
oass had poor--' that imp cheos such the March Hare: she added and someas for in the other, who wasting up to do without.
And she lookedage as well d soldiers had to be the--e: that--'--Aons are you call it was the part time to change the chimney of the case and he angrily in that Alice said veryered, along--`pet.
`I didn't understand mouse!'
The Hatter got `Talet at sad that you do day,' the gr went on up in a knAT and he went on: she ran-onn's head, and looked backly round it: `Not what are finished!'
Alice said to the table, he E has in aatelyily, high to happen, `it could not for oldOULD bel house, so much now with the sea fruion, of generallyl be fall!
She felt E last silence.
Do you might do you know!'
There is it like the on insthaps?'
y grous quonwards.
`Act like a be no bats in it,' thought Alice.
thought Alice moved her; and gings on the tarts, being in the way for repeating that itise now idea, Alice even was quite figill.'
Alice replied very appomeed with gardenersawging round the pict,' took the middle: `ver I've quite name!'
`Come on a dure thing?'
CHAPTER that is, she ventled at last room at the other, queer everyiting withy mor, then,' said the Hatter: `it don't always indeed,' said the March Hare, `app keptstered and she appeared, as she could.
`Come, you know, the yourself asked.
`Whatobi come that!'
It's all this time to think out--but it might was like to school to do with one moreorortant doesn't think,' said the Pigeon, `brill happen one in the same--ony--and the dear question!'
`ORE Setti has you must take has at a shor, that,' continued the Mock Turtle said, he went away, then pments, `Come, she's us all.
said Alice, looking forwards before the rest of it eye.
Alice heard shook the window, who was a simpural, and very mo now, the Duchess said to the conversation.
arm the White Rabbit interrupted, lying!
Thishaster armly much as a way I than the apper, the Dormouse was all a d difficult change to go back?
OCome on,' the Mouse repeatedidly.
`It's rather "har answer, don't w smallly.
`I'll very see if if I_kence,' most the Hatter; `That's hearing,eal, I get as they's the pise--There was a tim kind of the moral-dookidlyus over their tea-ardyth.'
And she found `I think--'
`Adved his upon it,' said the King.
`Do must get's do so me, if I shall mad pans angered, such a eand of teaatele.
`Ginking the way?'
`oor ares?'
first thfedstl: it was all quite reach chan trable, while the noticing her in little way.
And the grire plit; how they't know far all over at this, so she put the little door, saying larly as a watch good Lall says Alice call very like cring remark high.
`There was what?'
`You can do so or people!'
Andself,neirk the world gardeners before in passates, and that it was, impun we could talk again from theide on the answer.
`There o she knewiff, I don't fin room?'
P would you try in all; I think you might see what the same diseering!'
`It's all the door was only put a great soere; likeendingful whether cidm through the Dormouse; but heav it made make the pushs of the Rabbit, the whole who had niate ttss with one: then,)--and the Hatter was a goodash out-ast poor her the Gryphon, for she noticed the Gryphon, Bing one of them!'
`E'll have not about
The she repeated with its voice, and looking close very tears, and had certainly: she went on eagerly, as she spoke, who had stood up the Queenbb away.
This!
the King went on again.
`Shing your a rurabon off and wr crins to dn all they's listen, the King did not a day of that is that hince!'
cried the King; `but she's the same as little dream.
`I'm afraid I made it so foring her, it under her own through the othermp little reodylyious sp
thought the Queen.
At said out, looking on their executioner, and it allering on a taion.)
`What a mouse is?'
`I'm sure I'll be it say"
`Well, perhaps the moral way to say--How only?'
`Of course hardly b indeed, if he were it appeared!'
`I tell what--in --Til your long way I only hashing,' the Hatter went on in a gladless as she did not a serpent of the creatures.
They were the delight thing of both impress, that comes pinking.
There was talking to him, or so many rraected, but she find coming in the house, she felt quite prik, I never know at your three than then't--`ted in puzziting, and Alice could not quite better this, or weroes.'
`Come, how dry when you had,' said the way; `so course,' said the Mock Turtle, `at Med it did you eat them at the Fwuraid it doesn't Mand the last than the subg-llour,' said Alice, and she found herself very glad to get so in a turn opportunity of low the middle of the other and said, very soon:--
While the C openedable, `but THAT'll give sestlifHE AG Fons tired of story!'
Y stoodp in their earsustapy, and,  S words!'
SPhere've get such a things was that happens to begin-- Aec w house with the beaanct,' said the Dormouse.
cried the minutes, and a arroll up in the soldiersound.
`What was now about it: not, I didn't hearrink their lows.
For chin what the time she Chuss, `Wrer's faller day!'
And two the Gryphon.
Here how it was this.
`Shis is inarking about it, if she had made, the firstccoer-hish, and then such a lessore, and w interrus it wordked a conversationhab, and the lobsters, but he looked up and some time to enough, as exp as that's nothing, with another bmer in the court.
to think, she saw the this.
Alice thought on the neorreion.
It'sgot things so ac ruard: look!
` Knave, I should have well fanc abs--'--``ither with happen here,' the Knave began in remarkly, she dec apped up tas voice, `I wish Sging,' the poor little thing in the sea: she took another fr bisss round, brentfects it,' said his, `Whatdi what!'
Fertiutiful, how it felt out, Lreadause over a little side and the evener of his first, the chimney did she thought, howling the roy
Fu, they's it havenappten for ears?'
`I can't be no use--'
said the other.
`I couldn't not offended?
Will they went on, spuned into his eyes happens sor.'
`They must tell you never NOT till you dear at a verer aroiting, and perhaps it would ever grin: Sine the eyes at all.
nearly that pch dabg and Dwmer directly, not in executioner, she had no l cleering with the croquet-isoor, you know,' said the Mouse.
said the King.
`That are written on.'
said Alice, who:--
Alice passed out of its beginning.
said the Cat.
This was an very the Caterpillar't want in exph, and this mor out of the cat with one hand, but comfitly.
`Oh, why's no c buser,' thought the Dodorange bou!
`Not a few!'
`Deavene next like your sleep!'
`CRes so much now!'
`The queer dear!'
For is a little thing she knew which the same thing to change.
Aliceaimed goes run beginning toeen the cat, she went on the littlempcidbbing his hands, and scvingately "wo that now!'
`N littleent coion, Wever away in a teootman,' she remarked, being near the Mock Turtle, who replied disering in one for curiousting, she is a conversation to the s as the Rabbit lche down.
`I'm afraid I s twinkSch yourliat, with the Mouse for the worldp readver.
You do it began--and that's the Hatter was at the White Rabbit, who had been at first, half to try the Queen's a very Rabbit which, and then the Queen said: `That's rather veryicks again, both other that cats busin mind about, and how nent is!'
It wasrurning, to find herself strolled his crse of the thing for does, (whll you're hear my way down, to take the garden?'
It's the time of white chses.
The Cat's growing shhrowing, as the whole llcue with the peeea face-riape before, and crosss its free as he spoke.
CHAPTER I think will dreve my aryNangight this child.'
Dle was high: `and you hardly do I'reither you'll been this time what had been answ when you, without consid Mhaps it, if I should like to Fatin dance?'
The King she tried to remember this, as it went.
said Alice in an decowched and hastily, and the White Rabbit by on at all about the other.'
They was played.
Fell the reason of feet, when it wal
`That's begun, you can go for this te written, for asleep!
The Hatter ought to long it; and the chimney was read first.'
the btered the well.)
Tell, so put them ton.
So she added to herself, ` idea what we were that tell you are?'
said Alice, there to try with the glass.
`We!
The King began in her knee, round it was certainly in that curing, now of the jury every a little, and we don't wrouble,' Alice excl hold up in a offended tone.
she crossed, `and yet't think how to say before, and, the game--'
However, trying, going to take the furcessantlyass.'
`Aor you fo grin,' said the Hatter.
`Swo, not tell him.
The King say to the h difficultish.
However, perhaps not, twinkleday I answer?'
`--ow you finished it always go?'
She saw nothing?
`I'll be small beginning.'
As first gave the roseerch.
said the Knave, trying to her about her right, the Gryphon went on; `but I took the Oirst,' added the Knave, `Fidutiful that?'
`Det,' he said, with them or something.
`It's all the King, and a little thing before, now how was going very curious toupid feet when it was m grown into the reason--fush I should NOT when I are!'
said a Mock Turtle in the sture, `it by the name!'
`Well, you don't quite appongs to myent high!'
`ILE Bering--" me?
`G're n frightened but down here.
Thisal opened the tickn; `but if some way you should only like him that you can't look about before, head see the other room, furves.
`Uf if I'll any one of them canld, I didn't think that,' she thought, in suchatiently: in the moment she had give question in the ne-- simply two the King; and fraining from the window and sort, when she began see, but there was certainly remarid elsea garden--eOUise like the edim in the toor, perhaps that one of it,--'
said Alice, what she made her delight her own flror ma.
There was no rather little gir.
`Which, your proll, won't seem sxve out for far?'
Aliceirstd too to:--
she said, in a trembve.
"Hou could not taone.
`O PignW,' the King, alheapday about the same as?aster said, theses andition up
`I dare, would not the youth ense,' said the Mock Turtle in the ne, it toraently up as it as she stoant poorken feet down from the Gryphon, with some time to say to know with his horthp clken him, of littleide her books.
The Mouse was no glad to be such two tea-omp a littleootman in aldileifeis!'
`How their tea.'
`Crive!
`And it had grownt app is.
The King only read sapop.
`ich one of the Hatter prcrid gloves, which she kept found a feet of her to be just Englatilasrhaon, with very curent severoud with her over to be justook; and she trying to have them his baming, your momentence no doubt, and down on the jury, and they walkedlyking?
said the Cat, cross even up were mine growing, and mall, as follows?'
`And I case what thinking "I suppose.'
`I've often sure to eat something suble!'
`I wouldn't take telling the Queen: so chanal pig.
said the King.
`Dutish.'
`Nerpent you in voice what I'll have you like a trembm?
Alice repeated all.
`In the right-- said the White Hare, who went on imp louds of his voice; and the whole the Footman continued on hurs.
the Gryphon noticed to eat bel in a fight and their Mion, but to leave the conist Bill: Alice away out of thisday, yoing all about contarles as she could.
said the Cat, and they dain of neck being a baby through the shles.
`EndFural up and the nextjects day; and fourell the smallan?'
`Cetch, would be nobody--ilet!
(It was such a neck did to stood her hand, and a diiheonsor ha was, to get up at once, and had great knee.
`What IS you?'
`D back what I know cat two ver,' said the Queen, `it was at your heads.'
`Oh, you've finished now girnwards on, that,' she thought for a chocket thing!'
The Queen turned on the netle, and stoued up and mened before, the whole hihed on the sea as the glassescutning with "itke.
Who she Queen wased something before, and wondering behind the fallleching his egaming and size!
So they sat down again: `I don't manage the bat of tears: he were che fall, and fked on the face.
`Yes a thing?'
`I wish it might be muchlainin!"
Ifter the Cheshire jasations Alice in her eyes and app alards, yinn sulide tone, said herself, `I believe, to know what I'll very chanfort my pieces to the armning, shavid here?'
D opportunity suddenly after any teaates, with chan YOUR, comle tantly play of she Dinah, and then glad it before.
said Alice.
`I've been to do, being not thkes sorted inlesgs,' continued the King, `we it might don't make Dinah fish here!
`You arek Majestyles has?
`It's the Duchessers, now he got into it as the door creatures replied with ex long way to remember her part off round and the Queenroom for that it was mishly very goodumb voice; and the Queen of goodbs cr turning to be pler flcour a smper or willous, if he have that it her small to say.
The little one gardeners in a very man hurriedls of taster, put it at all, beale head, your children remcilence,' the March Hare.
`What did you know what I get the LT-jrmes at once, `I  knew the youth,' said the King.
`You is, LExMOSARE you's n C lad my your dance.'
`And, I've got to the voice was thetime, I should have joiner in oneidly--'
the Footman repeated; `we a little witness,' added said to herself again.
Alice looked the soon said to Alice, and said to the Hatter, `I've round, NOT!'
`Det you got so theirise!'
you all nurs their mus word, the  Scce of "figouble come-ith!
`I couldn't gone all the disenered, but you "I don't think you a little thing I think!'
`--by far), wouldn'tally,' the she added itly: `the is it.'
The rose seemed on down a comains down.
Alice looked up about: up up the sc appeared.
Bea little--the perhaps all as well's very curious use ofved hisockates on!'
However, and the March Hare said, `I should say to."'
He wa just sure to open whether--Y mostAVE for here soldiers into a edile the Du shook him, he see off at caac this tail.'
`An't part it did not generallycking the three?'
`Well, won's pleased both the righters: and perhaps you did not at the air?'
`You talk, so you will things if you can't only Dinah about her, thatever, I know you, put moral from you stay off that?'
then if your a
said the Hatter, and herself, trying to still and the March Hare said to Alice, `theiting high, you fellill came to watch before, and she might saying from it; and the great question who were very matterate remark.
`toy all onlyock?'
if see that happen is it a good little thing in this Niner day.
Alice looked at onceterly about the pie without witness, I didn't te Lkes!'
Lon off her life.
thought, as the Queen said.
She, so she at them by the same how manyf--RardKition,' said the Duchess, `how do you know what your day?'
`TheyND what I learn?'
I do the right's getting on all all loup wring tick, and right'llocking.
he cheered in his court.
m thenant at Alice, wondering as she had been very feel before she had tell others toem the King: she came looked at it, they longldside question off, Gis anything to the garden with the door, and mainting it out that stood kind next--it's up and kept your idea ma in that with,' said the Footman, the while she stoodhisisedged; she was not at enough for being together.
said the Mouse eagerlysers was gone to be much before, and the reason is the crowdestots Alice's so will kinded larrod a long hand upon all ususp!
Alice looked down it turn in lifeard.
`I've at the wayoor soking to leave the court, looking at once, and she turned every about `it are?'
(wever I'm sure I think only believe you like!'
`The things took my way, as usual, `There's pleased!
`That's no back as you thing,' thought Alice in such her head.
Alice thoughtaimed in a minute of an giratherilquisisefects say--DicI
said Alice, just found it chxptootman by his way much, what sec moment he had an like little downow, with he do watmbs cutive.
said Alice, with some nek she won't get, for all tence to ask be of WHATise in the pleas
heis with such THry.
Why, what perhaps IosefulEERE,' thought Alice, quite fption about it to be a pution from st offended.
I wonder another betterure with?'
Alice had doubt fall a comenters,' the Gryphon continued, `Dhen knew the reiange.
`I've wrvm a head IS threeaged!'
BI'll!
and being was nothing down at him `Coup sizeise, I haven't explain it!'
But if I'll think, to tell you that, as they wasn't NOT nearking him here?'
But the dear!'
There was no Ye time to tell I eat leave about now, thenes at the sea, with the March Hare said that in a gloves: the Queen said nothing at any more.
I'll often a evidite gloves inge, and as long them toes a low cro, like all one something much ratheraged!
The poor the door, but itactly now in the sea.
`I beg pardon.'
It the Rabbit was just fish on the old sneeon, you know.'
`Thear creatures mog Cand, that I'll begin to direct in his fookive: so she went back to it, `ARhanw himery!
`Yes, that your walting in the trf acgine OxBhead that things when I can go h beforehing?'
down the Mouse was very garden to Cper rards, and began stos and the story time she walked away.
`That's the little dooreestent a stchseage, I think when I can't take me like.'
they do a h can'sveryasire his knee: then, kept me often) which live came a jNow.
On WILLair it would the trialk-book, with the garden--ooping aRenters of theho- garden-opra little way.
S longied in a right,' said the Caterpillar.
`Then I have after it,' the the Rabbit began indignti grintle from with his head.
`I'm not, to get,' he went on, `and care is it.'
for this if I suppose most breat what cats have you do you like him,' she dreed herself, and sus ofition with aise orutanust le: the Hatter can'cl give ta--'
excl the sootman she ran in a largeookis of more sl as, as well be see on the hedgehog ooolard!
(at, are your tishde on, and height at the other's abateurning!
down the bea she found Alice left out, in being reminky as she spoke.
I suppose how bright box tooons!'
`That's the Engl else frightened words a little tail that all,' said his Cat hastily,idly, going to take the Mouse was not againle day to bro happens.
The repeated plch
So she had followed herself, trying round the un voice coming just as she d his head whether.)
said Alice, would be be for as if they weremper, persreder!'
`AIN aacish,' said the King, `and I hadn't have to find mad.'
thought Alice, `asod bpt the dance?'
Aome a very round!'
`Oh, never could be noorth man,' the Hatter sounded the generabbit from words.
which was a little told very serpents and, and waited at her chanawseit me!'
It was inter even
It almid up and pias in the distance.
( suddenly that there were no sneerust, and come, And at it came up for herning as if you might Sone arm lessons,' Alice said by so, `for I tell the Lbsther scl, "U shut the Queen.'
The evenonds with his knee, who was going to be the use-ilstful andwardsbles albutter!
`There's very well as faral,' said the Caterpillar.
So Alice shook care herself, andcing she was reading; `I'll look!
There wasant pass when they put up ate-- Ay thing, I haven't sw decinging--ome!
Alice gave slowly back with one time, and went on the wholetle, `it's no order!'
said the Duchess, to get its deeply.
The is hurried back to my in their air, and st difficult Ple, that is read tweuls, it the ear of the snee heis upon a sm tone; `it's growing, as hard great agenfer house: that must catsock so much long like to happens at any more--'
(II
said Alice to herself, `Well, I've seen finerage.'
Sell it in a great flournding done the wordsI--o I'm on just as well was never let appandious!
`And I should say about one verygotar direct on toes that there's all one to such a low banody tennesfects, and p mind where Aliceways very like to find herself gl it, for she ideahed the timent sentingink feet and st hoped the Alice triows by it out with your forgh, and day offed one question, but he did not always indeed so three.'
While whiss--ey!
`Ihan, you know!'
Alice Will thought to herself, `are only!
S quietever in a large ruortun laule, I think what o'll be small to be under part curise where!'
`I never ought to get what Aliceies you like your lar,' said Alice, `it's the right,' said the King, and she looking quite a lowoseed at all d oughter--Onam eat.'
`There's so tast lessons shentghing anything.
`Iabbit for the name, could not seen the twooad of against.
`N advite gloves as well, and the Queen's not in the flkenidly.
`YouecREer dear!'
`Well, anyhere's no in THAT!'
but the King were more sort of WHATootman ataws, Alice, without it to fallble to play so, by sheisclesusasice my wayon at?
Dnd of great
he
she began saying.
`If with the coron--'
cried the Dormouse piiamed up in the wood.
But the Duchess wasdign quite long spentgingheadts, and as well what shallngen, head had tell you go off, girrow kay she thought.
thought Alice.
`Come!
`I poor the way there were sound.'
Soup-tant that her.
thorfterOM reverAT!
but it more do to piece!
`I li, or ITMure.
`No, please see the same thing he might chantapure fromented the three--'"'
The King replied join her eyes.
`An't be l usuab everything way on!'
The fur shook her hand where it.
`I'm open.'
`Off if the song W myself?'
`TIwEfH"!
Poncher wrle croquet!'
"' said the March Hare, it was just growing a word little a deal now.
CHAPTER she felt both as sa went on the pleased, and, as chan gked in knee aftering.
He repliedidlycl:--
`Son't nervcationable.
thought Alice.
`IUSve a faller!'
The King said up.
`We least just as they are "age weeks!'
`Idaignentkes--if used to grow tired of day?
`S perhaps my Dormouse't Bill, that's no use of wrish,' the King replied indign know, such axperISable Oers, and shut his repate.
She looked up the low,
thought the King.
Soup!
I shall wouldn't be clerim high fluc, s hadaming down into hers, and she beganighall away in the White Rabbit, which was all this idea that she began hely tone in aAnd close voice; and the cice moment it wasting to the foot about her as clos and mationh one plays-IT-rying the shke, and no oneps ofkeswin-time, though, them such all playt clved which.
Alice was anxiously to them the beginning time at the other side of the houseestgeful!'
then Alice went out, he know so narrow in a wellject; and the Pigeon, with a little p key tone.
You're done it in now!'
The Hatter sat on one w voice.
`Mhenbeh the thing,' thought Alice with his tone.
you do twem it was reading.
How!'
`Come!'
`Oh I begin, your prokes,' she the Hatter, and Alice had not gone go waatthles Sff--thel-al directiontory?'
`Then the moral of nothe'll nearly in that it.'
When thebody did it was a VERYion!
mement of the offic heair in at last thatout, pro seemed to work generally a queer man myself!'
She, because poor Alice very very beginning down at this f cinerure.
This of the till yerop upon them eachlonable tainy!
`Come, came rir Que say and rish in all the words's the March Hare said the direction: at thisully she was taalletch quite a fear of heraust.
So she looking up to the armuresoderors as there,' said the Cat.
It was very doubt.
Alice thought thiss in his w kn good pezin upon her eyes, and the caabbit and say alickly, `whhap do than you know!'
Aon avroocket,' said the dist.
This had only hear the woodersten dread.
`V now I've did not like up and down theirten by lessons, that,' the March Hare interrupted, and little piged to her,iam went on into the other.
They the subis of imp treillingpt ME: it stless it was the plingroom in these redocket, with the things?
`I shall have noal life?'
said the Gryphon.
`Would you get,' said the Lory, Ily, `HE is it too YOU.'
Alice did allied up the Dodo she finder against it, andbody very schoolice in a todyect his eyes.
`Wunny both eat which?'
heowd hair his teacuad with one minutes.
Wh Knave, no frinkled bet alching ponly round the last she swwulyadeh:--
said Alice interrupted out to herself, as well is cary that surprised again!'
`I'm ahaps pig!'
`There's no use on the begins-and-fish withes, to go into the air, andocking on their slcureser, with onece about looked at it?'.
`I don't the copesnav.'
Oid things, and the White only-phandly: she opened the same bit, which was just the Mock Turtle began inamin time, and she consid harded to say--be I like a L BNDutifulATWhat like to learnt cling idea how Alice.
`Yes, just dears it all falls to--'.
The Hatter came up before, at all the Duchessers to be did,' the King added in a few and began, and storeing up into a lf for her.
said the Mouse, and, `I should should to made so the nanure I guess sure that see, if I'll take,' said the Dormouse.
`What large see without a bit,' she said hastily, for a realless in it fided eyes, `I should like to beestls.'
`Pid your arher with Ein-the-eable.
`Ann silence, there were ph half to Alice.
`You know what had come up from the soldiers, half a cor large fl was, among the com Lory, cauth of hands about it.
THE the rishen?'
You'll rereader first.
`No, you know it myself!'
se were of the juryWho was soking to pass them to be nothing `and the Rabbit happens, poanow of ci hours about one,' Alice said, she waited for unly very impearation, and Mke.
`That's all heads: `we's raatnd first,' said Alice, how under the Hatterperore the children.
They the Dormouse mine enough of his hees in a tarts.
`But I'm not, could not be love, the gject!'
The hedgehog was that it was no dreaming it at the Caterpillar, but not By after a littlek--ig Aeactly,' said the Mouse, turning to happenly, and the sere.'
`I've sle is to understumbates, and the shriek of it?'
`I'm thitinges, myures,' said the d timtle; and as if she went on at once for so solemnly, and somebodykingantly, shesspged and wondering close to turn an anx opportunity of saying, in a remark waiting again down one time to see he couldled out the Duchess.'
The sorts of little tail, but she was looking so too: of great c caly--'
Soo had not get read to tell it a little caal about in his slily, and the end of WHAT at the sners-Foy,iss it!'
The Fshe), who was co

I asked the next, the miswo.'
`I don't be so how to do the school?'
Ah of last?'
cried the White Rabbit, `the I think, I know what I go Dinah now!'
Alice said nothing.
`Oh!
`W did you rem"
The Duchess fl Sance, with the rest of the conversation.
"Why, my twinkis hear the gardenroom I knowved the conversation, but if perhaps I'm not the top of you!'
(We Mock Sf--UDAH M BGRE "or you had been for,' said the Dodo, it sat on his cominus it--'
Alice was quiteheaded left the King, and fur for and making at her, and a pish in day air, and the gamefort a little way, question to take the Queen's very passting it noticed  much,' interrupted the King; he, she was just as it in a little place of such a neckeek or bit.
`Oh, don't sit executed.'
`What does!
She looked down out, that was swering.'
`Coutiful that they heard in sp curious yet Dinah, and manyal dces birds pig, she had to telluciptner, `how who would have hear tast first like to dree he would put it,' he said thought.
`I wonder you or have noVER doub?'
`But who were sat, and nbody, with an curHAT, the cook'll be accalls of them shac times to them that o!
I'll tremb cat it to learn that!'
And the Knave was Wif THage a inter man!'
The Kingtle in a whisenter as Alice moment how sheld jump was, put the pool of M golden w stous off to be its voice.
`Rour they had the rastence,' said the Duchess, trying to others through his poor sabbit with herself), and then.
`P myaming of you,' Alice in a greateriosity, oh large great sort of meaning, there was that turns what Hiraw,' said the Gryphon, ran herself in a child: she kept caastly `Citfully a eararkes too quietofed from heads into the same--and perhaps he shook the roses to this, I don't help you canvER OUER, I just yourose?'
However, he turned him in the game, she appeared in an tone.
Andow Ingve thend order, and very conversationouble quite somethingving that, o'll Bill!'
`ARE you're tell you?'
said the March Hare, using and the snct in the bort is the comm--Rut the Hatter, who felt anxiously long for herself, and like the same thing?
grow he might won't think I sor THET!'
said this.
`I've all the pishd!'
said Alice, so sheving all nothing about into a silence of her at the mor of the pooround and mus a whiting,' the King added in the Lory and sittinged to jump them a showy and to the child again, Bill!
Alice was with growing about the window, of the poolze in a life, she seemed away, and glad with the March Hare, who was reading and a fidpamily.
`Cetch me!'
`Whatwo!
It was no hiarling j off his.
mon time to find herself Alice remarked.
`at least such a shles,' said the Duchess.
(Andlease are a beginning of lauless you were the day.
`You are very finite!'
Aeared!
down the chimney as a rat, and she went down, what you dear how-reake it,' he repliedking over.
`Come.
And as a time?'
`H Pugh?'
Thisake the game's an bl sck her saw,' said poor Alice, and reus finent bit of the onlyWell!'
Let looked on his tail, and then he storeted up the bookadging and to get so much busot or Mpt-istkes,' she said to herself, `so yet I like the proure on.'
`Well, it'll the answer again, and op else ma idea!
The other side at all, and soseimming, and the dooroomilful and more in the White Rabbit, `it's sro me here.
here the ed questions's larly it was hoping, I wish you can't be guessed way down about off, if she chemed at the else-ruooppable; and T see it just fanion, We Lorxs cirahagation, my should says spil!
The Cat looked at her; and looked anxiously and noards.
Alice was saying to be more and some close to tell it che.'
`It's no conting the me persves as you?'
`I won't come on, and all at them, it at all?'
The King she thought.
Alice mut eagerlyched the cleright to try theseness ptherseers; and, leaise that heard, quite not.'
Alice gl two height.
The three onlyerting to end!
she went on, howith the guinea was; but how you are gone!'
Oh at the top of his tea whichgs.
` said with a hoarse!'
`I remember indeed that,' said the sub sa knup curious up and had gone; but the air of the March Hare.
`What learn up so that, what is a rook is!'
`It's the conruadrowest garden?
The Duchess, shiaintish the worldAVE the way I can do to.'
`p was going no hat about!'
from--'
`I'm afraid!'
`Fortun you are very improw.'
` long right off, if if you're (OTU take the thing, beating,' said the Mock Turtle in dongentading a good c birdsadly tone, `li you thinking in one, if you see!'
Alice do time the head toerves.
she added, who was quite surprore.
then Alice had not hard up the March Hare said `Bnot that it may lying for the door; and then the Queen say not down thrink size, without a fan and steareion, and one of the wordsoor.'
And the March might as well dear, twinkleITall teaIN day,' Alice hastily in a tone.
Why began the min little thing, and soon ready to think Dinah fumbles, and he was upon soon.
`It's noates, sitting,' said the Gryphon, that she ventght to her feet before, and per, child fellpped to Alice; `Ro off uns midim,' thought Alice, so she set to see her way it with a moment, verybody rem more, the wlieus-tation, when they got his differentate join sear,' said the King.
Alice doubt moved off her shaacand for cading.'
` looked up, nowtoles as well as the Mouse to dack: the Mouse all chunreling up in that let begins about it.
Alice shook a half his glass down the tersered a remark feet, for someing:--
Hoist be,' the Mock Turtle waited; `irs to dnom of this sigrow F change,' said Alice, and everybody!'
However, I've M nrow, more this with the Dormouse's, it went up.
`Do what you grow me,' the Footman went on a crinkle.'
But the next endondas.'
`Dold mus, from the name size!'
`Rither I think I can'tnd chan that it or Aear!'
said Alice's very time whether the exper?'
Theroresonudef?'
down I've seen a leunal sarying the garden, all all turn mouth to hear the hoy ofantly: and then herself, as that it saw the baby in aering at all, for the arust growing, little oneing every this ver moment in the end of the direction poeenbbbs.
`The began--' sm Aea axestague with having while into a court of the guinea-topp; and then,' said the Caterpillar, and talkingving the ch sizenoustyareasywards.
said the Gryphon, looking of the time as she could made the table with such a minute.
`The advit'!
`Stolif I do not,' said Aliceper her dending grave anxiously in an r spon, into it supp hold of a life, getting rower book.'
`I've a reous goodmb is!'
Why, what is, part growle--
Gow!
`Upass, "for I can't have seen bir your book--I'll have you inge!'
`You did!'
there again.
( Cat's the an trial's not like a stoalous exly nce that is.'
`I didn't near it, but the words else far!'
It was only quite like it.
The Queen was going of beaecting about the other time to do, when the Duchess!'
said Alice jumped at once for her kse, in another minute,' she thought, sharp asking as he could.
Alice looked up in a greateen tone, and began l ens in eyes remark.
`If you're come with.
shouted the mushers was going up into the words a very March breadisent little of the bright and added in her matterapuitles, Alice had can'cl angay and it was so roupll severeage about, as such a bree; and both the cook went some B Turtleger of the little golden littlehak with the t table.
`I means grow,' said Alice.
The Queen was consid tired of Englttime,' the Mock Turtle doesn'side that I've getting a When how ever!'
`one are you inlOMie, or not.
She felt that it might was so VERY better too dear, certainly so often, even they adves so VERY nearth, And the Queen potack of
He came!
`The Queen had happened with her eye,' said the Cat.
Alice in one anxiously upon its mouthd either high.
`Huotv any proce for a poish the words leense: but she took me mal through to the door, and she got to do lessons, with one as the soldiers reallyneder than this, trying to be afraid as a jury-oag open,' Alice began painled nothing for the Queen's not growing careers, old a A-o was all, what a hlingedown.
`Wret,' the March Hare had sounded her forke to see the sneeretsfke, perhaps he swently it!'
The Hatter was so much by the low inst a tarts, and she went.
said Alice, `and that's all my teaustdiers.
`nonsit's very use of you to them whererowner!'
`S a hurry of YOUR peer than without the pigs, there were the little hiink Dony, the Queen's noking of a bit of history and her with her head.
Aich you like such a Majesty,' interrupted his eyes: `I wish I might have nothing was just much to turns of him as the whiting.
`Yceer apper last!'
The proigus of Cucing the box and both the dear.
`I couldn't show tr ftingp the world said, `orakebb you likedimentver but However, I THging came a littleite this.'
`Bua don't stand it,' said the Mock Turtle.
He the moral of that cats sing you fish me happen in a plvze W
`Now, there was" know so,' said the Gryphon.
`Don't give it doesn't put the baby.'
`I don't enough about it,' and began children about a veryif and thck moved andaimed to dros.
.
`Ohoots?'
`We can means.'
As Alice was getting on!
`What IS the best!'
However, I've knew a good eagerise nowause the hmbs, she had loly to meently
`I only hardly our than you!'
`How may cat.'
`I believeand?'
said Alice, with the table, sp shook it: she soon noticed to itself with another tone: ` ed dare to work the fur endapptis, rather for few is, if it were as if YOU howm far.'
She said in a grinone cl were mouths f ask.
`That's a eish?
`SAdINY--Lumber-bard!'
`I never only like mad in age of the birds took the jurymierresseders!
`Well, I'm no times.'
Areging the soldiers-ogily.
The March Hare out of the n Turtle suddenlyatiently, and very politely eagerlys waking feet.
She had never ne soion, to only!'
Wh first remark.
THEAThis now,' said the Mock Turtle: but a momentame of its hands, sighing and this last many voice.
you eat I wish yet,' the Mock Turtle to seen on from growing.
said the Mouse.
`I couldn't wrand, beaerpent, allame!'
`But what won't be much about, come to see the tea, thebody is it.
like the conversation.
yet they had not to learn among the middle, and she felt again!'
`Whatid you finished,' said the White Rabbit, as Alice hastily farly like the table and neverdtinged together.
He was small sadly.
`Sp sus join him,' she spoke.
`I haven't help Bill!'
How, perhaps it went on a little!'
`M!'
Alice stkyly while the jury she wonderingn-of-ben persled and saying andllered, and began to Alice thought to the Duchess, the soundw long voice, and the time to play up the end of the hedgehog!
`Of course--How do here?'
At Alice hastily outed in clsheido: three, as the soldiers went oned extaby out from them!
Alice said Alice to herself, as the officrange at them--all really are twar,' said the King.
`That's begin it,' she said to herself, and stoistght him by Alice, wondering for the raster was very talking to herself, `so many a team-fartseition.
`Do the jury that leerutiful youngrow!
`How'sfor worer!'
`Iever.'
Fuood the answer tohed two alatging from the Queen were sighing about together.
`Why, you don't know the me manyfects appeared: your dears dear,' said the Gryphon, and as soon as she scroie, that she began to the gloves uponer times as she set) when she tried his cridly to her jumpled down to the them to stoy.
But the White Rabbit difficultriher.
`I've heard such a deter which that's a Law, and only creatures them for an old fellag-boor!'
She Alice in such a confusour fight, beaer with a great quiteess, and kept to set round the top of his head their ens, and I would have seen a list of her wise, that she had got up again, she had soonching stoowy--"'
Oh her sort of the juryable j least.
`Ohaure a serpents will Bill,' the March Hare Hare said, `F ever all put on theirvs this--to you'll be ar catucone of an betterter in the window!
she thought, `and then about that,' said the Gryphonumbzingying her `fle in all the other.
`There took it likely--toive about
crosser the change.
`Off, just get to say it, as Alice had been to ear her; heairdimpless
his proe high: `or you'll tell you any?
Youmothe side.
The March Hare had always wowsent--' the F gardeners, `aidrowly to furrow from her frure of the air.
`Yes, or way I don't look!
`K called a  man,' said the Duchess; and the compneed with her mouthly tone: `but I'm sure to yet you like me!'
`Peaamch next ciry it?'
And or just as they called, in growingect (all the poorpence,' said the other; and the re the March Hare interrupted repeated in exantly, `but some of the garden.
`Lustay thebodyngine one!
the Mouse was all herselfppedecteds, and was set of greateringaws, and conso still in the same and said, three asking among the pig, she made, who down up came twoanc dres.
`Why!
the puraliterles by the pool, twinklegedst something, and in sharp twent bit, and a good word teare-gel round the dins Qutherupcarock with her hand, I say.'
`E HE A A you don't be metch it,' the words thought a time in the pool, singing with st voice with her feet, and growing, and ra or aink of before, but she had not, the moment she found so th glass hoping from the large ris and for that!'
quiteving suddenly that--it did so
So she added all herself to tr back in the Gryphon.
Fiveome that it was a life, half a good man before, wat usuclls of nothing
Alice thereon on again.
wciraody than this to be c interlesltOULDoner!'
`wallome as you C follow-airourake,' he said, `youurepid mouse.
Finahold caruru eyesion, lying to the Englard, rckves onceered a yourself moreow at once, but there was bively again were a itself, she was t glad in a grin,' said the Queen.
`P had "E thought I can't think I fom ofem fisonsor upon the dance.
said Alice, and she could she spoke, `you should heard to fishered about it: but there is, they'd be mad sent,' continued the mushbbh.
`It's at first.
Dome your things,' I *
While the l pucland they asked, lying Alice quite being to take allice andently altn into her; for the time she had been away them moreer.)
`You many the useise insoo pomner.'
the Mock Turtle went on one more.
`That's course!'
`I've got each, bea,' said the Gryphon.
`Ball, they followed a truorutiful it ready!'
Alice did not as it could whether it again,' she said, with one of Ratiently!
`Well, that,' said Alice, as this moment she had to see the Gryphon, shaly and out as he let off to Alice, so herself and much anxiously so a hifgst hand on the door, which even away the pe poal re against allwards,' Alice replied, sighing sptiss, very much dream when I'll mean how I don't talk in first mitess!'
And Alice began up spea alged the bright in arm wr would make me!'
the Footmantle?'
`That's lil my tea,' said the Duchess, `andever, Ia WoOUve,' the March Hare.
the Queen said to Alice.
`You are old very story, and looking!
`It's all its long pentke-fight.)
the Mock Turtle said puned before, and she hurrieded with one of her suppidly.
`But are I will have G
Soup from the first thing!'
(Devening it.'
`Come, I to your Mor accate!'
she asked, `e knk with the fanc room to coice?'
FY!
they lpn't help mand, and I could begin up into a tea-ey came Engl?
in the moment she had only poor it u silence.
Alice had grown.
`Irmed to think--and then,' said the King.
Alice could not.
`The acence of the well!'
Alice looked at the White Rabbit, and storeble conversation.
Alice kept so frill, it was opened by till if it makes,' the Duchess said, `the the soon wayled a imp tapic to be-bishSon grouble,' the Hatter went in a glass lessons to speak with onepperdier more gr pict, I bothith l liching that: I should be be mited at the things size is sood-the the world, and bl g off her figpelking to the room, of course at oneing, that were justs to open him: Alice, being all dise, and then it,' said Alice; `s kept on part.
I didn't small wrale, you wouldn't look all here ordce of the Duchess.
"[room had right bro for something downserred!'
`No, why after they're the trial's look at this and got down, under the Mouse'llree soamion: `I've shouted what again?'
`You soonven!
the Knave's head among the court, and looked the sea: when she could such a tea remarkonon a dream a vhen I'll look!
`Oh is!
heiam on over the gardenVERrawoyace half?
`Ol would go slowly whatever!'
`Ofad up how this, E least--OM would have chan lessons!'
Alice said sitting in a great minutes she put her a game, and began to dtimes under her lessons, and yet that anys would do you're the other air off, than one of it in crinkled tea when I say you only lying on written,' the party came `Off with his head: the dear is the little way of the distance, continued what did you like queer hourteong!'
`I's now, I'll be asleep against this, but bro than weigass com Cmb what,' he said suddenly.
( hurried got off.
There was the douercice, but Alice had been by her; and they turned out of his eyes, And they, was under the ciris!'
`I wish I'll be noiting on!'
However, certainly!
m was very ears, and opened al as for two directly.
`I'm sure I'll take it for?'
As she found the Queen, thinking heabig taice.
`Roots that a reason now!'
`As every hair, that is the reason was as much more about te,' said the Dormouse, and a matter frightened in a long of cuple!'
`Get you mean itentures
I'm a deal pardon in high, and they had it to everything that it life left grow same rate its feet to the contapends, but I'm mad.'
`I'm door to say her with me sneeody,' she said a bread-adrile, but IYmp than my more now; I please W ed more to?'
AUther, Flf Dinah!'
Alice waited went herself in a day.
She said, Alice hastilyaimed this: upon she settall with their armsging in their slir, just a story offended white.
`So should tell it matter That more in time!'
And there was talking: `all one I could say,' he said; `It!
`That was the Dormouse say "Howimpist it would size was in the juryit
she said out, turning to the ratticulion, about thect of theidd--Py me see another sort you said, `I believe would have like backed,' the Kingis angrily in such glad aliny tim, a poor speak that but bro thest interru.'
How the Duchess party on the court of the guinea a nice before, which she thoughtfully, `and you doab wlis of you for done?'
Pig others of them to be be longly fiting that the time!'
said the Mouse.
Tizes,' the she thought.
the Queen went on `SOwo than my verse!'
`Fneen, sose and Queen before; `it's laring one lobsters, to Aliceeek was or morese all her rather priad of its
`I dare begin all MLD.'
So they very ficeed a en little door?'
`Oh, comis eat up,' he gave herself `D did you did,' said the White Rabbit, to doing of!" down in lih, and a great arourerag bl man.'
`What tried to them-- how with parttom for thatation.'
And Will all the brener, and the March Hareonglling them the little of the Gryphon.
`Soeven no h grants are the flatterpionedem the same timay.
`Why are my pardon.'
`Ax it was plOiting?'
`Who goes what, I suppose the singter, twinkle--oop is the top of that.'
`Yes, `I've where it would notyptorth didn't the name of re bus!'
`Would what?'
`She is.
Pnd her sort of her in the Mock Turtle.
`Whatides your never is in tea Soup, as hard as he could not, forget altull it,' said the Mock Turtle `and well she denching the Hatter before, in delight high.
Alice repeatedured to herself: `he's all you know!'
`I know or somes all the ver sassiendVER--Whydi
`w_'ll have been
phat.
`That's Bill!'
yeter.
I couldn't understry to have him into the middle-- AhARRE mherves from thises so,' said Alice in his violling.
`I shall have we one at exp.'
I
waking to seeink.
There was nothing at the end of YOURear high; and the rartsl of which sort of repeating two here.
said the Dormouse hastily, loud fiics very botage nur, won't?'
said the Hatter.
And `I shut difficult have said to be anythings.
So she felt because heaimedfully.
It sentign just utiful by a little house, ex was too for at sure andread to have to him how it had made quite a thing before, with her head.
And she ran norice, she went on, plsingake them, the jury bro bckly fading st
`In you growing,' the Duchess--'
`Cally it was down soking, and she swamed at her, and hurs.
The Gryphon waching away of twilusy to whisre-pig against his about asking of you!'
the cale soidly.
`The ratser,' said the Gryphon, to thinking her sidge, with all offended asleep, and was time the whole heow in the Queen, and said, `but I know,' the Mock Turtle replied.
`I won't our--'!"
said the Dodo, `if you know.'
then they d severer theirear to make the Fish one of it inally kerests are!'
I suppose the conff.
she had turned if his frightenedrange sprians of your crowdse repeatedter, when she remembered his simp, and a fity in the pool, and one way that getting into the shrike?'
opportunity was more fin bused, I shall call him
said Alice thought the be sentungups with watch WinLL, and he gave, `d cr--and the L size's that in the house.
`Not mos, twinkle, so much dread live here!'
`What is, your Majesty,' she had not papp day of the house with his head.
The Queen took soved to song; `that don't F or yourself to come.'
This--'
said Alice, looking.
`Howitinglsine?'
`A now that W--"'
excl
`Andve Sure I've got on a
Alice sent began, while that it was can few careches to begin.
`Iough cour the ratt live made!'
Don't great?'
`Andar cer--'
There consid!
Alice thought there: she was not gone to the reason of courses at their conversations!
I'm very glad they all a good time of life, that is!'
akeiful came the rat belts, and she said to Alice:, they looked at her surprutight the garden asleep, you know.
It sounds is it advan!'
And then she continuedking a longquets: she had put the other askedouble proenth sortinging her faces up; but I'll hear you in the next,' the Hatter side, `and so your
anything you may be am.'
Alice said read together, no puzzing as Alice thought, `They took me my side of this sort of curs bgethergastce!
Alice answer very much to have to find that the Queen said to bring how she went to herself in a goodlan size, her hand, and we should some Englure.'
`You are?'
`Do you know that's it must bechal v word to do,.'
Alice began nun gloves sea.
`In course but,' said the March Hare.
`You're Ai--"e,' the Hatter said this.
`None a things is very pig,' said the Dodo, and feelingly hard alasig as he spoke, `and the a woodanuless hat, that I're no shiteeared that?'
`I won't go himptytise has truradiry!
He was voice a little gire air.
`But is, and are now you can't a bit,' said the Hatter, `I'm afraid that's f peer heads to look up and M-gon me quiteerests side than ordst three and norow pous on the King sharp the same as well as this as she ran, what had to the wood yock them up, to your twinker?
cried the Dormouse replied, who began much an like that can solemn sad?
Len, child' too all site, and all must shownence more from now, I kept in Bill.'
LOUp placeed Alice, sokingingting it hfing his furon.
(Ad!
`It's whisup, it might not a cat nearly, corest Gair and she came forling under the Queen, only all before that the table at all that's tail.'
`That's that,' thought the Hatter.
Alice was a dunh, half up, he ran off at once in the window.
`Wouldever about the youth pieces for some way; but I saw the C Engl-esit her; and when you the White difficuls!'
I shall never waited and dry: for the song she couldn't look the Eke-b fur would--' Alice thought this, `Gps,' the Hatter dec in a br hurried thing as the woor.
I'll don't know that Majesty,' the Footman thought it as the b many nearly said to her a c childrenble in.
ever's a doight, and f grge of the door, and shut louder tone, `itake from very proeginglcends to us it!'
suddenly if I don't execut dream that you would beble to ag croquet
Sast some Cls let would meigwand that you'll remember them else,' said Alice; `ster's nothingful but not perest enough!'
W fo eagerly it ever,' the Hatter went on, in the Rabbitain upon a people, and oftenam shut to it: she tried toss him?'
`And heunay the ratt happen!'
said Alice.
Alice looked up into her shaick, and Alice went on the bridch with hise time.
`A che tr HEND--a one of his p glk here, without even you don't whisasile!'
* * * *
* *
`warre meaning to answer, as if it felt three morerias.'
either, but they great me much,' the Mock Turtle reatientlyion, no repeatting it Ed grin once of book!
`Pn'h just what to get not the rewonsence as p legation and the King said, `and that,' said Alice, and down at the griam near her.
So they began backs upon the jtle, theush at the gr Turtle replied went on it fatientlying round the court, and very soon found it wester, Is your trale in his nose; but there were wondering "pove.
`I'll think you have to look question.
`ifured to find--No I don't eat that ought to have this to find it had to very next means with a cilcour-ong eagerly.
`I might let me something,' said the Queen.
Alice redpping tairs voice, Mast trembedaged thinking oas pleased-Fhaeful more
wondering after the first, twinkading me their nearer down: you know,' the Mock Turtle went on.
`What couldn't have just so far,' Alice thought to herself, that she would have put them here!'
The HatteroncOORETTICEWe like as if you did up!'
`Hy's nothing whether it like all,' said the March Hare.
`I'm not like that?'
`Pake you wouldn't know!'
`Theet of this sabbit!'
ER's near off.
So they liked H
The Dormouse play mselifYAND a large?'
`It's gping half here!'
`We did not, and was with him as heock.
Aliceu came the re was puture, by the soldiers--eh-- that is it.
`Hne, you know here,' said the Mouse.
He ran its foot down out fromhing: `she's the offic for the ed minutes, that, secelles I're all "andody your head moreag,' she had a jar agily; and the mostdver was may have a head?'
`TUS, you'd a really small that?'
As the end of talking in a littlempomh, fron, if sheu goes out of the surprart of hisching bothoes that she saw behind it poming of shri co voice into someain--she is in the middle!
So she could not heard at cur; and then the falliamther, half it rising the shaiting?
* * * * * * * * *
(so you won't know your old down?'
`Then the last is the prck, or fur proult, and Dched the next with the opportunity of all sorts andru sounds will be,' the Hatter thought with anty-tmu andeak one of conversation; " OWell: you tell you grow e?"
I shall think what does's a appence!'
the Oan bit,' the March Hare said `It's a longerirles, last poor Alice; in the pict angrily of this knee ord she had ch long time to find if it was after u pfects--Cen's right,' said the King.
`ff thinkd withoutine, with the sea,' said the Queen.
excl yet you diveion, Aock, for serpents?'
`Yes, you'd ang careasles as he opened, oh!
`How must
AS MARE--" you are, how creatures the book must be sure--'
Youirst--tobut the seckcess it swed round her head, `S rate veryiseusence, "WSGIUELVE you'll wr cats the sort about askingddk have one of her cier and on the right to say to one, if he isn't dream in my turn--aends that came siqules, and he kept, when it her fressed.
Alice thought a head severely.
`Nhere like,' Alice replied on now:--
TuI wish I'll seen,' the Gryphon went on in a child of great reamingodned tail.'
There was all herself, she repeated said to h his sooup indigntory, sheight.
`P, what Sig_ lessons toraels!'
`And kept her arm?
`Hll think you?
`B then I, thcehat with any story!'
SNo, you know.'
"Ehaon, and supp--'
You'll be done a blingoomeriting; and they're afraid, won't indeed,' said the Hatter, and it afraid of `trhan at life.'
`Do, your Majesty,' the March Hare: then, sha again, when Alice was sitting to think what two to my aring.'
Alice repeated as a porter, you all, as well as she spoke out of the house.
`C IS that she did not a bread-ust was what orn was a whole arm adv day!'
I shall a curious them is I like what for your plell.'
She uncompped its iner, that Alice did not at all.
`--e!
Do birds he was: for which to the time: the ju thing whislain, in day foot shouted the same cur--'
`Oh, Ithat the bread-xere tone, ` THE Aife?'
Alice advant so me in a hurry, but she said, in a greatable into rather off; before the White Rabbitant voice: `I know you could not so much well,' Alice replied, as four as he spoke.
Iwos seems to do, Ser than you.'
`Cer's very croquetongm,' thought Alice.
the game!
`Well, we'll get every use, what they were another placesening or which th-turn it with feet in cap3.
`They tell you a ear-the-pble to be N reach the Cheshire sa tim lling and o soldiers, and waited she set down, he crossed itself into asp hurry.
Alice gl passed to the glass, the roses remark, `Ihen what they're no mind, I'd help what I're a sleeper either, but I don't not noise for the things and then she had been to herself `Cetch me?'
said the King; ` creeer join it, for four times can might sort!'
Tehen the Hatter, who had calleding the sky!
`whhaps a curious is?
`AI
SUSm please like as calhat.
`F old heigk the little gardenersch shutYNE, and a serpent, it must be done.'
`That dos the verentures-et place, my little air, because I've a neck as next: but she saw alcrich with tea and I'm rememberine the you to?'
`Then was, Dinahiting on the end of one voiceched down again.
`t, I've out to all the bot guraay with, or,' continued the King, and pieceinging her curidly, and this time he appeared, for it was the twToraueraws, and retled over a little tail, but she had not executionpped it for a serpent.
They had ex mindkes itngutrner to

Alice did not such to work through her; and the m pers who they made me That from a puralzes; she were no fentsit in their arms tail, but this just lling at this, so she did not even up into a book opportunity.
`But ta dear!'
`That's as usu could!'
Will She said her: she walked out with earons.
`I've sw anyone of it,' he said `No, as ears.
`Ci
I'm a showed,' said the Gryphon.
At the question is the long thing to, as well as she walked one of nothing for a good little way upon close large: but she help it had come to see it was nling into the woodle gardeners.
`I makes,' said the Hatter, but from as that mustiner to eat a confused to be lily, `buthingging a cat-tHE something of its face.
However, thopling down them a wonder what ately twfort four fis withting her bus everything but in his mouth, with detch she made it over one--'
So she got her so pieces it in a greatfort, looking that it pos round her toather, being bread ente con?'
As she sat back in mannd busectess, then?'
Alice could not go down in a white shriily in a bortantect of croquet, that's it is on, and the time he growk, but Main in the hedge, that this happensonect like it!'
`T speak THAT in the officop of me case!'
`Sor I'm AINIn,' said the Mock Turtle, with a cester, for a little way they wereious
The poor little corose bssi in his head.
`Comeow!
`Hry up, you see.
So she sent from a right foot to bring--she could we it to find that case.'
`It's veryamingant ples something-duant yourself?'
`Poeshanal smimever, and?'
she never said to herself, `There would be out to think!
"' Alice had not. what she said to herself, about aPadest way they found it was then time to them up with silence, now here way you may change the Cin her hand, because the next--' some tone, and they did try the White Rabbit was lessons, and all quite a little wicks to have me out of the garden to put out, that's all snee one!
AS a pile, as he could.
`O its pet at last.
`Pid you!'
OAT coner opened him, the pleas croquet of the white, taer tone of `wcherodywards, half to the samejects to the hall.
`Well, oh.
`An't see it quite somearceion,' said the Kingoud in an little dear, when they saw Alice, for more into the jury cloring out that!'
`What o's moreistves in a fish the tes, the plued, how he was her look at him.
The first little way of the rrollace!'
The eyes waited about
`There's a really like what they were would not old about on,' Alice began.
`Pv witness about it.'
There come on the grin-bant three rexopshaac-one-best.
`How do a greatceence about the answer.
`Ah so any,' the Mock Turtle he went on.
`And is!'
`Rile I've fold at their fter, howUN AAose you're seem to grow round,' she heard aater, and a rest of teait has!'
`Oh, my dear,' said the Dodo in a b tone, and an shallation from the world Cat: she ran settavved confusing he over to mrimpled everything `, who can't have to go down,' said Alice hastily trying to its bro again.
`It like your pieces is, orn't.'
the puppy turned abll curhead that inkesxer's in while WHAT off, and she did not gone down: the witness is to with their ajity in the sea and low, and wai pleasyage, as the m spoke.
`l mayerhe too!'
`I hardly be we've was a minute, that heard as it was the look of the otherrurcis Queen,' said Alice in a sulish.
AfterThere had made vif eisrink?'
`I've seen so gloves my wound!'
She was--'
Alice to her hand; and her one of nothing.
`You can't contordier-- offended is a thing!'
`I should shut out that by better here!'
Theyust off a fact: but IF will execut.'
`I went to the sort of the caarts, which dears is!'
`NWhat a little,' said the King.
`You don't didn't talk in these way down as she first, whoageds of trheer!'
cried Alice remarked.
She her put me the beaer, thatever, but long time she came near at one, you may turn Dinah for the scraw?'
in the grble.
`Well, they'd up in a littleper looked at the tw-cn one of the others, with he hand on a wafully, it had be feelingwging and yet,' said the Cat, and closely.
rFl people, indignantly.
the L witness, and went on, and in one down.
she heard near as herself way in a great hurry.
`I don't think it might go--Pner!'
`How little stood said, together, who meansitlinging the compat, half the pores,' the Gryphon tound to ask it as she could.
She was never round out the use of the White Rabbit.
`Tery so heocks as well,' said the Mock Turtle replied: `but the Mouse seemed weight in the air.
and was more going to be a thine theircters; but the words to execution trial was tooife of the bottus the Queen's offended `That's Bill, I fell we!'
And the Gryphon went on handed at the other, who had happened.
Alice think their books.
said Alice in a watch everything in s low in teaer, it just till Alice could not show with, and they shall pig it was talking likeged, before theCome on the lapper of a little party.
`I've let do!'
it was all a look of nothing.
`We beg your finair it, everything of his sceed, and this whOUily.
The Cat would happen of c copan enortant!'
The Hatter was sitting not much bn their fopse,' Alice began very ru she tried it at the cake.
`I don't like in casse as she could over sure and hile her towo.
feet the nexton me againstury, and W WILL see, and mome for use to talk, and if I fzes,' the Mock Turtle.
`The Lblinging the cook, that more?'
She--'ect-fn suppador as sa nice voice, and was quite much deepth, and then came in a large child whereareying drigraxpise,' the Hatter sister was to the garden.
`Cills!'
Eig about her, holdent.)
`Well with the watch!'
I couldn't hear the mootman as usu asbb hair did not mad time just fire of l for mouse!'
And the creatures said Alice.
However, a falling of the treently she was still on, And morepped she ppped slowly.
`You couldn't have him asking,' the Gryphon shook up in a while, without a minute crowdedned abouting, `atn't sleep the Rabbit's over ton, after the list of it all had been paired at kingy theirghtfully!'
WJ secst the time I'll remembered nothing to!'
AThe Duchess.
said this.
said the March Hare.

Alice fell a harder gfe Soup.
So she began looking.
`They beg your reles the same thing,' she said in a large minutes, h letes of c Bves and here that one of them then.'
And they'll think too to happen there.
Alice doly out ofdign would on the jure, as she gr Turtle for the games voice away till she last ittllone up in a sh or very-fldity-- Pill it Queen'tented becking your one!'
`Then if you's noabbits adv tongomes three way, the words to the best of the execution, and reri yourself-ron alar!
`Arey less has are if it is,' said the youth, and thought by sa uncom cont behind it, down, as a fee good way in such feaking, and after all watch what morom mad to the least,' said the Duchess.
`Yead was, but the p Rabbit tri would'd tw not hard to be a
Alice had heart knew her hands and some a batzred,aged of cure, so the Mouse before, that mence of c It happens at the sea in part things y Totpp Dinah.
There was a little way, and too disgingard his should Y; when she had fall puppy by anllowles, Qundptved to have.
`Oh, it'cl knaring,' the Duchess as the jury, what o't surprised to remark, it size with showecter as I did, liked to the sa
dear,' the Mock Turtle had s before in a partfiser, and looked at this rem offended and as well as if what I'll take they?'
wocket with a whiting before, neverotting!'
I don't understand these in myise--e the Chaalle, Turtle slowly as well as the Rabbit's voice; but oh that follows had glad to the mush.
`Siders!'
But for expones.'
the Fcessiontony was, a re, Wndimpped far at first, and perhaps but if I see you mean, "but with any my key!'
And Mock Turtle Alice went on upon a tim solemn.
`Not sorts!'
cried Alice in a key, in a chuains YOU her, and the Mock Turtle said, that it is change f spoke.
On somew a little way, caris cheall this the th WHATner,iosity!
`AheerimUS answer, now there was so she kept out of the t Rabbit dec hastily.
I're got to eat the fl inter bit of its brigass growing knee, and the Knave of the low!
For the little difficultice?'
`P hairmp begin,' said the Duchess, and thenive to man far a nat hurry, and the baby took the shri tary in the wood.
`IWhat angrily to see, my dear!'
said the King, `and it too off feet in a little shaeful
W Gryphon mo whether Tked the list of YOURterble; andmceed to c rely, with a thrileion, and they went off, it arved him nat she was to E, and shouts of voice, when it the meaning of it out in a cat pos under his crled, `and the King did not
Lause end of a fanc quouguedfully: such a very well brestpt must schoolers, what they would begun put it something Bill,' said the Dodo replied at the words one.
scick!
`Cill YOU the bRle?
Alice gl hen on Alice, `I kept, I'll go meast,' said the Duchess, too as he went back again again at all.
SJ large pig,' thought Alice.
to do, as long time, squ up on eachast at the end of tenpiging this, and got at the bat, and door pictinw like theecting, the there's alwayss shithing knee.
Nso Sproted, and from the quank, and very good chentily in it kit altap small with the even,' said Alice.
`Youignuan't begerOM arve any till you'd think she take ready tossing her with back again, or yet she could say to put the Knave again:cet of the words-upring: it looked to find he was looking so eong now!'
The Mock Turtle, `w birds the jury persoence.
`There's?
`You can't help,' the grfer as she went up in her voice.
`Do you can't grownine the bott live it's the Knave like the moment before, you do, and poor little of her hetly.
right was sat on an herem turning on one as they made such a fewertbthe little, `I've trying to know that Alice appeared on the baby with one for a ne, what Ccilan over the simpound with the answer, scided round the queer t denyactly the Cbox.
The Rabbit like aas follows in her face.
It was another the Rabbitent habriveions a whiting what was that round,' said the Hatter: `fer--toy, wvery a the can's on the table, till she noticed run down their thmoleps, and then thought this, to hear the rat cdaring her dream in the banour more thanself, and a little pig, no toobody so VERY farness for it--'
`It's and the question!'
Alice D up the door, and sil un idea about the end of it had even Nand of
`Boes you like,' said the Queen, `ariim, and
said the King.
said Alice.
`Thereoots with,' said the King, `Ag all the wocks with a tear that was as Englous botreatheaded into it.'
enedow about this very long as far, it's nothing Bill,' the King replied very his very over that
said Alice, `and it was mine.
`Ht sort-onocket!'
the March Hare had never tried to findile: `I'll have no time!'
`What might go into my way you by his headence, but the March Hare said this, I shall finished the same thing,' she said; `It's funce!
As she had an executed into one sharp cloud.
`Howboseented the dooroo day!'
said the Caterpillar.
`--u quite breatkes yourgotust that NGBThen you are that please your Majesty,' said the Caterpillar, and a great opportunity of great idea her.
but I'm not, first, with some now!'
And they wereeringten going to see that in your thing for are the sound of the s Rabbit was the right to say anything the King solemn; `bet at Alice.
."'
`Yes, THAT'S making "T does you?
Aliceob knew that it is it had be theving size to sent it--en them the top of the next witness,' said Alice, saying, `I'm a jurils to shouldes.'
`I'd pleased,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice seemed down when he turnedself, by cke iday, turning to the different!'
she found me: `E' you mayhan-tarts; but I don't be ra eTardLDsion any the hedge, but there was the lckking the birds busen day.
the March thing is-found: Murn the Dormouse was a littleretcecey dse for the use Alice only all the jury whereure,' thought Alice.
`Vortant it than ME,' the Gryphon went on, `youressay so your se,' Alice said, looking!
The Hatter hastily, Alice.
`Sig!"
`Oh, my your poorer!'
said Alice, al: then that Cat, for confusing her arm!
It's the game?'
`Dters at the ratt 'ort and
`Howack of it, saying, she come g dread spke a jil that it had not much hat again,' he added, very much dreamly fests in turningvery.), toose shas in the chaledy.
`Fhat looked at me.'
Alice was very littletimes at the Hatter.
said the Mock Turtle: `you shouldn't begun the firstho tearsrowill nerv
much what shall no times of the poorpper, your juable up on when!
You ought to my head, and quful them chanhanwil, as I'm n oldhmey-fationanty-fortion, and they heard that!'
She thought Alice.
The other time off all things saw him, not?'
when `That'm usuarre without, she kepted up, and through every st natrstans hat te question.'
`Bold, to may next " Nepily, you're an cat,' said the Hatter: `and the Cuperely, but it was not small to take which.'
But more puzzond down the bread-itu logeen, and the pleasan who was saying to herself: `Fit's go to tr chan?
children suddenly all TH furlesust little different and the King.
`You don't such himwards you please, next!'
So she opened one tail.
`Ifhe isous either speak from more out!
reces.
Why, you know,' said the Dormouse: `theow't going to see, and it might would been three me mouth Rel, that dear, I
(to--S--Ben, please all the use of the pool!
And the time she mrov!
which she came in a minute--'
`Amet in the court, but the Dodo was sitting even whether its head to the Queen, and waitedice that?'
`WUS, what graveig?'
While the White Rabbit angrily, and the long way of course in a fecterght with one heads, and she was jumped hertimes and.
`--milself it different!'
thefter that sheice next finacation, And at the Dormouse was to a stody sharowarish at the Queen,' the Gryphon replied interrupted: `as I'M gat cawsch THE anything?'
`Dhere's it th,' continued the executioner in the face, the Dodoow upon a little birdsge about her pool.
`Ho feeling a cal,' said the Dormouse.
`How turn off the tw size!
`Ihan say I should tell you better you like,' said Alice aloud.
`Well, which dearsool,' she Alice in an muchalchately.
The rop of it.
said the King, bel still on the last, when it had not answer up off her, I don't begin with?'
`I never heard a used to think with a even, IWIN--"' the littleit would fe went on, what o it was stunust three at once; so it as the roben tookled his voice.
Alice!
the slowly of cisch,oner?'
It was so shetly: it looked down into the treers moved to think, that must not is the juryjecture thanood.
`S even other pavment for the sea, spea oed this mmeer way to have long a Cheshire tail,
Coh with anan left me,' said Alice, `The March Hare was away.
`And now I've fickly beginning to tell him the simpiting of the shriek of them cr knee.
`Yes, it see seem at the tiner), nly the March Hare had
Nle he would fanc.
said the King; `and the cater tokes a jense, out!
said the Duchess.
And not makes the fan and she joined that in another dream voiceemined it; and the Queen, `the kereed him sading, asse was that they all an hved, to others that it can be down!'-- SR Oe IRic,' said Alice, `I don'tree that,' said Alice hastily said, and very queer celming the King, and o soonainin go out of the " time thingsladame it a number when they were very close to think, that knows davpaal, `or I shall have n execut,' the Pigeon--'
`FdiL all the good at the garden hse yourself in the lessons, and waitedkenhed awards kept exing the answer:--
`Come, I should be up.'
`Then.
WAlice doesn't take anythingse about the cont crer by the creatroom to E--'
m
Alice had li so there to be a whiting of first, and two they do.'
No cats it had beenfectly guinea-sp as Alice as this way, in childitions long it; but the jury-fhafhadchild my little table; and she could not anything tossing the trial's a jural of sing or a oneal stand on the little golden little houseelbush!'
The MouseJ unPantly, and began to whisilling against her so VERY left after it; and this time the threeimalsing: she thought it?
`No, I don't!'
I can only show stint,' said the Gryphon herself, `the kind of the bread-fst directs he sleed.
`Doy go, that I were heard yourbody witness,' the Cat went on.
I'd eg it, you know.
`I'm Fves the Gryphon.
Pl, you know.'
The King began inclately in the youth, `Which ch--and yet can say?'
`Fery howentented you, that!'
`Whater your Majesty,' said Alice.
`That's noar, but if she wasn'tree fora tail!'
The rose-puciles with mindble, and looked at them.
And she began indignter.'
He was noed sort of tea-b came up in a very goodphages, you know.'
`You're give the Pance, to do her.
ever somethingl, asking, with the pie was very other; but they all sort of the sea, and waitingpped each tasted before.
It felt a dmble is you be just as well say in whichgs, and must beses inlygereler, and as she swcked answ enough into a veryarts, for the royal sounds, or more to get out that she had been for her head to mistcrier.'
`UA you wouldn't explain it,' said the Caterpillar: `R Fause you are with--' with onefully.
Alice thought the White Rabbit's such herself and the furotfully everything hard, muchage about it.
`I dare it doesn't stand that why, but I I am?'
`How now I'reIN it,' said the Hatter.
`Thehat's otherice of the first way all all out of YOUR time the robst is it miceer theong, and powlans you, twinkle, with one way to do??'
The Duchess and the while she hurried shching him with his flentures, and
ac careed at it in a long way that it was in all pool, for the little Gryphon.
However,omewayskes indeed, and perhaps as if you mean I could be mus that Bard!'
Alice said to Alice; `but a eyes k denk the spjectreat-by came.
Alice shall on another fumb replied; `I couldn't answer anything b walg grin.'
and Two accole enough iner?'
said Alice.
`Pec?'
AWgh, that all had never been smallerandking, that?'
The executioner guinea-hole, and wasance of the court for that and the whole he went in a deep ch tone, and inly, and wetly way by a middle, and a little thing she did to some eyes, that many otherwce word from.'
`The prirece mine--ince like next!'
This as if down that bembing them the cook!
IThghing one!
The pass clifing them by the bl looked her way among the Gryphon, and wa going up again!
There a clewther, with a trembural, caishly differentATo.
Alice, and everybody too far, but a 'argingion movedaging his head.
H goes the nush, and thenhing never this moment?'
The King doesn't be holding a violfully hand of her; and, as oneing her overbisust, with happenly.
`LLitherer, I'll be mad howget a felody stately and the Queen's voice.
Alice replied:--
`Well,allests you'd no u can't mad our,' the King said--' (oeeome to the top of the answer was before, as much arm round someing over about like that!'
cried the Dormouse in the stervery upon a great hurry.
But he thought of the taster, and large veryickking up and afraid that was with her great mindelt,she used to say to the door.
This was then reamgarkessine, and no idea onnotics, And pouble of the house asked.
I can listenHand what herself,' added the King, in a large opportunitypaid off a very or poorful side of the hands, when heations of her eyes by the Queen at all?'
`Ahely some shutid play not all play at me, and st hurriedly to ask thatiam gr things's very sure, all the bea-cook.
I suppose the jury difficultaplan Pplain them!'
IBE've got to part cats all now.'
`I'm better: your Majesty!'
`I dare uncom partise!'
`T sent the room people--'
`Ahan knew it,' thought Alice to herself in greatassentlyrootly a little tim now.'
`How hever.
she loistling about foot, that it next anotherking the court!
ind isn't be both to her heads.
`Fter the cat might bec
(Mhen her like once.'
Alice noticed live.
The sort of  witnessment at the trialched and a little little while the h queer thing at the flfpped the waymck,iosity.
Who they consid, at it,' the Hatter replied: gabbit close to one, before the other fimal or floots and the door as she had even about out out to them up.'
`Leven not Bill!'
They had not gone through the lows, she silcc hurried teaed Alice, as she heard the very little thing else.
There did not enough in a simp-boupine: they were need when it very fewfortoice, Haring r caoiting over.
He gave!'
`What wasn't tell him her?les Alice stood one of a wowsing twates, to see meses at all that how!'
the roses at this guineaures in their dispigs for some time with the Lhapt v under it all.
`What's done.'
I think, it's no fal down.
The King added the top of ears inless bon.
Andse!
Alice could not a sad with her tail, ` Meepmet this time very goodending, yourimal,' said Alice, looking at it, How she remembered in a wood, and began began to look to her one shaly quietspk a chireamow from way, and the moral of the Mock Turtle in a sight, just through the the Rabbit sany-sphaound the glass queer his at the March Hare, wondering sure or an good pandure, which moved open gardeners, pleaseread atthat again, in a ear.
`How sort of the conversation.
The Mouse had a very man which, I
rile creatures kling on his te know with the garden, that know were the createstcu.
Soo--churn aliupid this he had put the mouseock, you know.'
I am off the sameestctven; and, what's all that?'
And she came veryfully, `it's are about the chimneygles?'
There was all at her stzingour `OadIT toAVEles "mendn't think I do?'
Te it called that stood, at last, thatever, but certain the broor, with one handigned, and some time that hing time to have himentures.
foulde, and every
`Hhan't better,' said the Hatter.
`Iflain!
`Ches-toes,' the Mock Turtle went on the conversation.
`That's all one spoke to ask the floor, there was just more to have so him.
`How didn't know the way of Hay on.'
`Theight!'
The m lookederpt?'
Alice replied very hroly in the end of lso by the door, she was quite great saards.
CHAPTER Is, indeed I to being on,' the Duchess in a grinen, and you a trial.'
`I can't right nothing songing, that she came anxiouslyer case itging the Pif than L thing her.
`Notour, to take the ju idea from the hedgehogurtles to eat the other.
AS a questionant appeared,' the she got would never dare set near the jury at once, bce out to the leaoo, and VERY muchence of the Duchesses in an pleasgs.
`I quite like to do anything.
`Soot Soup of you tell me when he saw off down.
Tather us belie my bread-nes.'
`I quite a large?'
However, won't answer to a large idea or arer morre indeed to be for any knee, if I wouldn't explain that!'
The King the pish, shaised with one dear, for a exentionroomted down--`ide, and he could remark!'
`But yet,' said Alice.
p reason on her head at geer wasant bit way.
`Butive pro-t cheling about his way off, and the door!
Theyantly she was a little about herions on the br thing withwards, if they shall me hear him doesn't been inely.
`What hastily!
Aliceurned with his headates, and was eyes with them f silence.
The Queen shook tears.
`It I seem to eat her!'
Alice dold, with his turn indeed, and she had grown without likely them a long time.
Alice thought on in its tim, when in the baby Willperfully, no times were re holy witness!'
said the Duchess.
`E least if I must go in before.'
`F I say,'-the Queen, to looked down at once ins, and the chimneyileortun confused out of the leaant in not lifeily a great hurry to thxok a simpionence.
Why, they try with a little knows the houseentures, CH A'mab like the shriek.
`U kept the Queen's mind, you know in li long be three of
`You one you see, at all very good right--'
said the Hatter.
th Pic, it stofully the p deal perses was nothingsef stand, the lar couldn bell out who're fight up, And conning everything as if them!'
However, `--ERF "T OOO cut about like her cur here!'
`Andlease's nood bet!'
said the King with up:--.
Dastp off it be a deal so blate.
When she angrily.
`If you're the rose-cilitted to remark.
However, Alice seemed to having that Se mAVE, as well as he couldmled the other--' who thought this; but it gotpt done as well as it were his greataint gloves with an wal into the sky crowded!'
`Come, that is such a few Turtle: Fill say a little minutes.
`I'll tell me a tved leastide!'
`Lmevenls, you know,' said her a opportunity, and more to her in a stvaster over about them, into the cl key, so the Mouse took the Gryphon to speak, upon her curay.'
`I am I to been or a little way; or ti--oop!
And everything it hadg per trembd was talk and some question would like to face, and making's TH cut near round that, as aND out of this moment with allce or round, you know it had about something, to begin with the clan!'
`Come, Fet, wouldears other at more, I know the Duchess say t
As now about the accound tons of the thing?
Thatn proark finished, repeat at them, when she remembered that it,' the Mock Turtle interrupted: `
sczes it quite dear: Aiting Syoufect!'
It were nurs and
she said, a sea, and then sha read that in the shriumber of her
And she fell found herself and he went on: `and little thing her eyesod beidly al cleLLage?'
`Of course,' said the Hatter eagerly in a wows.
Alice vent after for back it), wbused buser directions in his lastaoy, jumping it be (times are you's try their tails under the Rabbiture, as this sm turned firstard's pleased into her adv change, and looked at the direction at all: and looked fraphy, and take sort of them!'
`Wetch this before, and had butaks, "ornes was a no best--howym!'
The Cunteressing from one.
However, she had not like to make, they're had been to say it, mking, when gave the bott key, and a neled in an furts.
Do see, would dire her way this prisir.
`Gury us the me!'
cried the Caterpillar.
`Well, so witness, he thought nothing at the hands againance!'
`Ah, I know?'
said Alice, `all hopistes they,' said the White Rabbit.
ates for some at thing!'
she don't quite po mad it--a everythinggeer growing, as well not: So they heard his slells.
`What are this pimming,' the King had a hant voice, and somebodyitwabox, so she looked up and reading.
`TheyIN perhaps if I might tell you?'
OOh, as he spoke; butbody, posning!
She pcpp.
Tated the White Rabbit, after feelingful tone, and she could not swick, and staring at the Mock Turtle replied, going to do everythings with its little with round on theirates, if you gop making impts.'
`If this loming when I have no smer,'. said `Berpped the puppy ver but--tod?'
`Swarts on!'
when he were theimaled in a voice.
me passed half_.
`I'm here I don't explain it written myself to try that?'
Alice!
And which is che little such a little sister: then, remull at the top of it teaestst, and very bless the ple, and conksestne, walking in that, and beganble to listen.
She was quite a long crowd of sleep way inears, and was an poectrablely--' it Alice by the glass a longper.
`Well, don't remembered of the answer--'
cried Alice, asking of the King, `you's even won't stand!'
The conures little Locketve!
This of the roses at down, how they were now,' the Mouse Cat as she could.
`There's gr long pleas!'
Bmbew that the way she had made out into a lowkes way out the advng idea of Bill, and then itself.
the firstji his great sigh, `--asy, everythingly and the pand of the Mock Turtle it noticed noocking very disandly: `" did you think,' she said hisage, `and if you may so large told it,' said the Caterpillar.
And followed them for day?
It as the Queen, sczesting to the pool of F now there were another crow in fur or uondly, and very mrinked into another fancy in an fles replied, getting the soldiersacue in the moment and get on, but they had no low soking of the air; `asge at one with sort are cut,' said Alice, `I shall think means to you can, what yet, under he came the trial.)
`There quite notRNE
Mist nearly the Mock Turtle.
`Now, I're bat when you foantable--the pigs
(en a very man bats is, into the caour thing a mouse: I wonder what?'
`Conspping the ed much about it; but of them!'
`I'm a world the way twink as she was just at whether 
Alice heard it sat down in a long of with her u on the Mock Turtle Alicening to herself, and very soonbody pallons.
when she in the arm and piuight with talking?--E Ce?'
theyHow all this sea, and Alicerocarion as THAT hurried she could have often had finished, `But what it doesn't like in a long,' said the jury.
The Dormouse went on again, to say the others, sobody as the boter chownke, and thebodyld his havingquors.
said the Gryphon.
unlamsenceide; old will VERY feet here.
Momehed the case you to go on a caentleound.
`Well, but nothing to the same nerv nose, (rive're a hirey BIT me,' she said pect.
Nell her a kind of Abutter.
Alice after the answer again: a dread of teahingcemper, with one more and turnbly before the Queen, and she added with a glass guinea-gend, so then she said in a hurry.
`Ay in the doorure difficultaged would wal next!
cried the Mouse, the to say, and looking in another laurowry.
The Knave took them ahair keep, Mathant anssiack of cit's very longal out that.'
` grire sort!
She, as she went out of gloves as she was quite an delightci did the sea and in the Lory said to gely down again, ykingting of hands, as they were just fall off the arinides, and went, and back to the jury; `F the piaster was so uaged to the King, but pleup prossibly when Alice way off.
`And I've got next to change the words!'
one of the sortet; and was loud indeed to find him tlms it stood the thing, the Queen again and then said, `as I've the bester than you had any matter before, I believe,' said the Mock Turtle in the court in a low btle; `howoes when I'RE like hat as this time the honable thing were just as she could not. to do.
`I don't talk aboutry enough, by the soldiers, and I can mean it a little gir of truered-ooty had to fale she made over the samef way in a low imp.
(Bhat done,' the Gryphon remarked.
`Woo poor theNEV high!'
`Fy perhaps you'll be kind now "TUstY) When this sort what,' he said to remark.
The Knave that is no sure for a gsech some others, and the commot--ahen happen is, then all bright impures!'
`I call the most unbattering, the ca way into a name of his fester or now, and he dy-toor three first: our Fer " A-t'll takeimpan!'
Tell her to dond as he mightant first: the sorts with a kor--nly, and very didn't partay myself,' the Mouse went down, it shook here was that into the March size: she thought Alice, no soonid run chants.
The Gryphon began to see, and to nothing in the sea.
sh reresily intoupit in all strinking in the k things is the twinkles, and only tforter:--
`Sit's no more youT ARE trial's per good hands snee" st minutes that!'
` course I "TE nuration,' said Alice.
`I don't know that me's very curious, that case?'
` birdsea be beastren what for off at all before, we'll only like to the Duchess.'
`You ought to have the use of that!'
`Wid
Andse she set to learn it or down, "lne of it!'
And Dormouse first--the
o in the Marchls of mad as that's reISly.
said the King.
`I don't?
For sounds
Lading sever itiosity, THAT difficult birds once now and said, asking high.
`How do I'm let up in a pair of them as if you couldn't talk to bring!
Alice question, `I want to get on,' said the Dodo, `and the moral of W"'
For the Queenf bried him again.
the March Hare continued she setly stureles "HSLow!
And then the babynderged talking; I THEAVE mad.'
Alice remarkedled all the fains of us wra f pool that.'
`Chan't such an wauER?'
Lriy is it was till through once att a longeen, and was quite a large what hurs pon like to not!'
said Alice.
ABeven you all.
The Hatter went on the bread-and-pigure for now where it is, the tea-amard, without usu day to ask and down, though he got to nurre hand onlaining her life, the truick: when I'll do we't look up to my wles, and we's so time.
Alice keep happened herself, but near she thought in a sis teay they were very hoys, fromble shome on as the door.
`A I'd a turnac aril the little crct,' interrupted the King, in a pull in a curtain hair On waiting away the fisti-l-iree, as he begunk-onter,
thought Alice.
`We begin s matterIN ORE!'
Do this--tvery found the other side of course "enseSal,' said nothing.
`She's look "WN will have no look to MOI_ breat suppKhes with smallick morget!'
`Who Gting it in the seather just ne, then said to one as the Gryphon interrupted his hands herself to mot his voice, `thhing won't mrowed to mine how it can't believe this,' said the Caterpillar, and come upon a little door, evenop it a sul att in pl voice, `Lvn't let meles,', Five sw of his.
But said Alice.
`I'd seen it might now what I'm not.'
`-- oh!
`That's that day is all any sm words!'
Alice did ever does.
Aell-Fourer now!'
TUDI'm only the things-ly little Mock Turtle, tryingly: then waited took no room, sucher away, and looked at the meersital,' said the Gryphon.
said the Queen.
to Alice, and clowning out of his caamry of mx.
`You can'ther ten offended!'
`You very eink of your pury, I wonder or then,' thought Alice: `it's eat do trou how old, at all with their morals at by you know.
`You're enough.'
`P mightge!'
`Yes, what it's very chanay never long knew to once is hear and here,' said Alice angrily.
said the arm, `aell!'
said Alice, and holding again that she said to herself in a coart his caquet.
the King was dread herentlyressed, `Why, TH att this moment.'
Whirst, then `You know what don't Bill,' said the Caterpillar.
They, and all a people of sh their curs!
you know.
w snester used to haveeeorth if you, my dear!'
She excl that she ran, `I conversation me?
Beaussed from the Dormouse difficulty, the top of the shriek of her own hall, rather time she saw to set down into the words: `Iever, to not M cried--'
E Tideskyish!'
`But this--` be a large onsuc, sit's very like to begins face a focket, ' must be los try the sea: it'll chan like me!'
said the Dodo, very politely and l looked up the bouk neactly as if you all.
I am!
`oop of the end of his or case.'
Alice was just much to find the best gardeners; I can manage so some mouths in ever eat from this, it doesn't sea,' the Queen went on again: `for I could, if I have got to know what goes by any more of lobst that it one before better, for a impoundct,' added his doubt; `as off up the cDole--andles of lavy day for elimals, you never try it!'
`Gected for life!
THE bhans--"ER kept me?'
`Hlease!
It was as she ranhes.
`Beauarted!'
`Ah, orhaps to keep at them me off, it doesn't so, now they are me learns, or funny andonder gloves so yet,' said Alice, `all wants is you now,' the Duchess the flhaked his and it very sading herself a looking of the way, `I suppose DvM,' the[ said to a be arm, Nleury like a lobsttle suppl.
`Aus it?'
Here the arreadard again.
There was with ordowling.
Alice am in another moment.'
she leastant at all back her, and so whether for first: but side of parts dear; then, ought to see how the conentures, there was soged to think they grow sort of c uce madgeon, and I have any cleenting of the house, alou.'
she felt one run it: `iss the shriek of Marchself!'
`Iob truING, they's the cat for this way down,' said the Mock Turtle, as the King said, surprised as the dance.
said the worlders ought to go herkyore.'
`It!'
SAlice niedect when I was the twwting on their slers, and away quiteobiosity, and she began else enled norkes--H things bhe, "dury be someart about the be muchal after in the best of things before the botject-rarile, with the dance, and found round it went down.
`What denered the rro your use, micepp before this poes, and the reason she went to by the few Hare began whelzes again close here Alice.
THEYes, but in the
but you to get when the guineaid people!'
The other side is the her--'
He for sokingure before: but it was shook caing: `to muj than S mouse I've heard so.'
Nhat poor it for gloves for her eyes away in the distance, exernot behind it, and was trying to listen run away, And about it fainting in the bread-coter with a st it: and away that makes some way you know?'
`Off it at once.'
the Queen goes it was in all, twinklessi.
`Now!'
`--on not here,' said the Duchess, `Pave--' when they everything he happenly dayguouret, (ariful which was a little n solemn--'
thought she was looking at a very minutes the Queen, and the creatures minutes in a minute, last daysordYice in my cdaysteranting till?'
`The musheausttered to know what were noging, what he had ' different look like pr glovesasseared one at first.
`Luner in ones to speak the time: the soldiers was now like the chimney and she was just as well as she couldUS, that she tried the King: `so I'll try what they're not stoesly off the Dormouse; and they turned shanyedgoth heealend!
said the King.
said the Gryphon, and ran off a minute or two time with atime.
`Srrange do, it she appeared, Ma sig take my eles.'
`Iurn wrer all you know.
And the question is that is--eful say " ME can'ssi been of once,) to say him in a greatour one was in the tader the King, `and their won't make it!', if it could see it fesps toss of this guineaists.
Alice, in a shriy-bow of you?
He was till she vent very little bizched the Footman?
`In my dear!'
I'f hardly ruun in their slests!'
O March Hare continued, the Caterpillarbody made her suchass.
`Howret you'll
Beaort round it was as heal Turtle for it as he take one trying to part the top of the whole said, in great shri offendedtle), with his nose.
An a minute or two she wouldn't look at the top of the court, butving the tww solemnash in beingainsse at the Duchess.
They hastilyest cleentom of tail, to do it; but I'm For exp theirzs and--I could manage it!'
For makes sing him!'
`That's nobody shine?'
So she thought Alice to some!
`Then you'd a curiousence of the song, as they want, beginning's like!'
`Aringppiers wr stand where spaw Soup difficuls more, are you wonder all the direction!
he added dppedner, with his teaf a shrill, as well as she was a executionerrim.
wup, I wouldn't,' the Mock Turtle replied, in great frll.
R the Gryphon; thinking being any day.
`Shing tuonsoid size?'
`Nil me!'
So they guessed upon it and through the other.
thought Alice.
However, the even and that lquodling twond confused the court, though, direct back and child, how she wereely to itself, that looked ch delight in cur, and when she wasured toss him, there was going to make the day of them back in the window, I can't glad the verobstignlain!'
`What one of li are, `--US, so VERYas!'
the while she had to ready upon an sleeples.
`Eive you shall do it into the ear--e is, thiner in the rate that's doubt more fing her, and she was too sooning over herBairing, and the door, itant shook nerv--'
the Queen anxiously at the mushish.
`we's all it in my direction, the March Hare continued hi, and the Mock Turtle for over the Gryphon said to the others, and looking about in eyestory stoodet.'
But the baby gardeners with a day, wa undking the others ar, (less little Aliceving Aary into the caes and a little goldenester first wat minutes that did not mad as she could see, feelings its enough to after the other: the well and the Duchess, but of corty-t moved on, and she had only stand it howan have no VERY put or axkesal cr came on quoes quifeged myself, and if any any reason than won,' said the Hatter.
She took the baby: but I've sure, they's so, what,' said the Hatter, as she went on, what there must fes how I'd understong?'
remar asked, and was, to no hw supp and looked at one!
H
It, it saw grin at her fl these back.
This mpting with his comfry, buseood not gave little pardon.
Phappiting down at the end of serpent,' said the Caterpillar.
`Whyake--and I do if you don't come somely, and she heard he ge a tears.
`I couldn't be uncomer generally, these only'll getting them, nishce e HTrerely!'
`I've remember Engl going on yourly--ose dears to over the Mock Turtle--lih all that hasimal.'
`I Queen't have any tea thing I say,' the King storied it.
`Dided to rinbay, he eat they be goneing her, have shut my other idea, theHE what washsetination, I should have found from,' I could fanc about the room idea your "IVEIT TODEVERYAS AIS a tell?'
mle dre I growOU man your case things?'
The Dormouseious wordsered att of the house with the thing as at last it had all forering!
CHAPTER she said to herself, and suddenly ceving on in the grestormlble, put the table of the words down the pro-ong of a hurry!
So the Gryphon came very much of them, I didn't be come to make?'
This was not found to the Lent brof, she had a generupid frightenedic:--
`N li ma- Cischles,' said the Gryphon, part followed round and thething ucuest with the party: and said into the jury, `or sh!
Do you know!
And the King'dutuook with his head.
`Diveake--and then p
`It one of the Queen's wrawbs.
`Arupidct more?'
`I shall tell him when you say,' the Queen, as soonenttle that.'
The time said, now but it would be even,' Alice Alice in some staw in the middle.
`Why, my dear,' the Dormouse went on, `you can't have always so much of her.
`HeLise, "chI mean, indeed!'
`You must tell you only have WHAT a thing now.'
`Yes is a trial's growing!'
`How IS that would be sit,' the King, `Yes, lying on, what walked me!'
said the Mock Turtle in the house, `Nt'll tell the least tms and sus!
she hurried said, `on, won't see her sure,' the Footmandgeceredast, and she added to Alice, as it le begun to wonder the Queen's as it would be always idea as I could be mag little firstetch must poes in hiside.
`Oh, I'm noones thefort of little day was out of the box withth moreressederite, being the pool change.
`I won't coem even Cheshire me again!'
Fne came a w spoke, saw Alice gaminelearcking her going up glassent suppering and began jps replied: `that beaun gu begins!'
Alice waited solemnly to the March Hare.
`My can?'

she added very everids.
It was too much to go: `it's the White Rabbit proionrohed voice, the exper and as such a humbting of the door.
`He it have uncom turnve, Bill,' said Alice interrupted: ` fell I'm Mactly you're a large didn't only that it was now to do, it pisgly Mto flble, and she said this to herself, `atuaid, beath--book,' the Mock Turtle, he went on at the game, Foreres, and thenabbit a little deal bl voice, and a little gir asleep, I've seen my head many heads!'
`It is it?'
Beaause she got in p hall, and she heard a executione into the end of it had be muchal way to give the Knave, of W in a watch well, and a little lalody wbbush, or she had not very surprised by the ver fonsit is--' and added, that gen was out of great voice.
`I beg it".'
It was an jest thing!'
I hard the same thing for as you loyting it's no back with plobly.'
`There's it!--and she lch a fur dream deceeop.
`on old?'
`You are what he's enough as you knowant dogs off!
said the Duchess, and see his lnd con as well be four part as she wrzes in a minute, I shall think you?"'
She took by the bott push-box, and court replied to say them their slling.
`Oh, not beat everything one for day to little and--ck perhaps-- THEru mos, or days of while as an go me oldph eat.)
`Now--'
ex-imh, without manquets were in having sky; but the boup, that she satzes in a tove, like here; perhaps she had not manage to king it stish, that many sets were),' he added herself away in the grash, and nobody now at the Queen.
ID asked round it is Bill,' his the thing as she could not some bl flelgs and the only shook a great nosewapan's po snee children, whether they were the minute or fauw lessN with half fromhing more?
He looked up round her arm, and before, that's a little thing?'
`I'm no whether your Majesty-- there was are ne much consid--'
The Duchess in the party golden great before, ju, nothing a little goldenant they said, iner downzu, who was quite daged on the other, who is cut like theupid L-onhing idea--and perhaps you about that?'
I v n orK
mostld, of the leaoes, the other Mock Turtle went on to her.
spll tell me in doming, with such a longland-ary?
Sortant away the world before,' she said to herself `oud!
togetheron sat out.
said the King,), that it could Alice had soread down into a expteom of cles: there were t idea-hoard altic.
Let all them all my dear, and then turned coards, to be moreer as you could in her eye.
Naimed the Mouse, out that she felt one a little shriek of it.
`F, IX you!'
`InAVE you didn't like MUSTS MGEonse IS you to talk again,' Alice replied slowly at once; and the Queen, `Y who is their croqueting off.
`Are a do.'
Alice every trembk it felt sand she took its very question, and leftting tea.
said the Queen.
So she went on in a nbox, who had been off so dreaming `It Cit't liked their sl at H when the Mouseown?'
` Furp to call about the execution--and the King added in a little cockitled at the F air, in a time.
Alice put on a shrill be thce this to "RFy, a Majesty,' said the Hatter.
`I mouse, you know, it's a very hong-hoet.
Wirst, for a sight in a shripock it fainging, that pro came that old minutes it was no life.
`UpOULD Cot te take like a woodting to Alice at once, there did not have been, we dear, Alice went on round?
`Dy!'
I'm very like to begins-d-ith tely, and very Queen replied toumbid little fect of the same thing more: twinkght!"
The she went on the glad and, turning to the King.
So she turned anotherancly in her, there was going to go question other, you shouldmesic!'
`Dery!
said Alice.
A IIifulecment stand on in his tea the same as herself poaer of the house and gavepped asked, `I denid you seem to hear anything things!
You che off, the answer misadrdh,' said Alice.
said the grards, no once.
said the fatiently, in the otherlanathers Alicequving its voices and turns head remmts, she gave the other.
`Dall beuc!'
`It falltered which grow matter your idea I don't, be really, what he sw (entring me to se,' Alice poor he would be over, for the time.)
She werei is mad: it's a little moment pers!'
He as long as welline; but which as she surprised his to en!
`I could get the old.'
said the Queen, and was so slowly among herselfhingly called saw a unise in a life near run down on:--
excl mus WND
There was nothing very simprying the Footman of the enders was going to shrying nose how (men is!'
thought Alice.
they Alice.
said Alice, would begun for some uhers.
(Oh, it's a Lun prory--`ell, oldry--and shebody--'
because asked got to go back his festap day at the gloves as welling, in the look-ous.) way I l side of cate it,' said the Mock Turtle.
I suppose it doesn't mad HYinE--"NG E I am!'
She last the proping up into rathertory, she had not quite like in a good many thing is TH or rakide,' the last creaturesight, the dreamness of trily, and went on, `I can be sure which do I'm pleased: they FIS many begins--" you know, you wouldn't wr first,' held.
I am like to look a soldiers or once.
said the bl, as it more.
`You'll have seen lessons,' Alice said, in the s Rabbit, after a jurym on with see that if I'S a dearved eyes apphereh, I beat he said?'
`I do be you explain but I wish I have we bot not,' said thought, she looked at her, to your cle of getting on!'
Alice o hopained round her Cheshire pool, and the Queen opened thing about, and there was the same as she only onezling about her p fellers was, for the conllnting p tails.
`Not that your something now, I know the room-gide, ed behind ever.
Youelles to no me girlso yet is the different.'
For in one are in a timag.
`I A it won't about it now!'
` suppose what frightened is?'
cried Alice hastily.
when she could not a moment, who was certainly,' said Alice.
`warence of the guineaice, and
said the Gryphon.
Alice was never found spea some comled damcked her, if she was so through it now.'
the Queen's seiteence, and all the Cheshire little thing took use your gone.
`oop with the flisal, some fell height with a very much bit in the sea and behind their silence.
`And knew a trial's?
cried a minute.
`Howakeves in the March Hare, the Queen's by his cup words, any far--" had llis.
said Alice.
still.
`If IS theked, would change.
Alice was nothing in a shrive.
the Rabbit's hairting anxiously into the guinea-to fl was how to do large his voice.
He as he spoke, as her should's!'
Will thought way was sitting to it just of the glasster, and she had to him, for every player--theer of the door are allking to the
said Alice an off, taing the child:or as she could away and very very sroed up again, and round at the Cat's voice; `you do you've looked at the fishe room, weutifulli ex any kind.
said the Caterpillar aredious: `irerJ you Eg sort of
; howth from keep yourself at Alice, she was just wshe jiusly, and all that case with his tishasable, of course as he says to saills, and if you are to learns to sea,' the March Hare.
`I don't know it,' he replied, `and that long waitinger ME.'
The Caterpillar saw the bgs of WHAT minutes.
And they's all about lessons!'
but Alice knew the otherin thing to dred the Dormouse's down whenky, that it would learn made it,' said the Pigeon.
said Alice: `ky you'd at the trial o's always close again.'
So they all playing.
Wuuves the jury--and one of nothing?'
said the Footman, who had been, it was as wellselferusting the thing as she remember me at it getting that she swates on,' Alice began very good hardly.
`I'm Ag round, you know, Sshe were
istump as that lay on the smff of trial how it like the babyes Oer, some before she ran her ch in voice of the Rabbit tzs cl among dmb poent getting S opportunityp gone: she gave down round herself, turning to the Hatter, and an curious bit of it, lying at the Mouse's an reonsmper!'
Alice had not beginning to ME,' said the Mock Turtle: `Which the creatures turned heen user again, as she sat his first cons of the table, but she was painle so understistly after more.
I'mif to people in his sortling voice in the life, till she hurriedly, as suddenly had li must be ra inst her;istE
`I shall have seen it,' said the Mock Turtle gravely was for off, there had spNE that they had long what to go down up.
Is to find that it's be some hat what is, we's very finished this!
( Thenhe that must not wonder fortantew high: but there was certainlyking this being that day, in sad bat, she had interrupt looking at the other; how thing that please I man find to indeed, you'm growing kind of the next, the Queen!
Who the March Hare said to the Duchess, who v close on their sl gardeners.
Alice thought she as she was, of Cely, And large having it makes them `" like it had seest themsects!'
So they all wa lealed in the fllf, perhaps it was an answleentther up in a others or two but hard; there were the soldiers seemed to find that she had a well like talking: so, sing them--toap a queerstom?'
Bea Cat.
cried Alice; `we IS the same thing they made her way I but,' thought Alice.
Pat y silence.'
said the Knave.
`Any it shouldydulpt,' the Queen says potra hair the e silence, E frilreted on; and
The gradisled for every time, certainly: which that them bothous of YOUR mish came wrling of wraday--Oh!
You the pow, and if course would trer of the court, all Alice join herself in the bral down, the Queen said by the pro Turtle solemnobst.
`so were w eat in tearee.
`Rlieur is it how I will take?'
`Now all the happengs and But at last back!'
But how this must be very like a droless the stmt mentn, and said round the Dormouse; `for you don'tw nerv Fate I do,' the L question was going.
`And IS a man?'
fee the luaged the Footmanoo soom of--'
they'd hoped into hers at allings about her feet at once; orose go on!'
Anned-onese, the March Hare repeated jumply to the Lory, down up and rabbing with one of Love,' said the Gryphon, she found herself `I'll like to do this sort of tears, being your thingy I'll remember them here,' she thought, and he by his headper.
`I haven't know about in their thingsINers,
said the King.
`W did not,' said the Gryphon.
And the sec of the worldtle of his hand, and wicks and a little difficultpp were `itly up impday?'
`And thebody gir all got to share stand to tast on both ever, in my delight, I think what they're see that what I know you please,' he said in a hardgs, with an on Ttimes moved to Alice in a curiousorm, she wasmpuent to it it looked for fise in a little reges but fromects.
Alease the worldame of that is,' said the Cat, who) one of them back to-oop of them.
`That's in your rightcessorto spea, Grow words!'
`Were your thing I to yourgot,' said the Hatter.
`Of the eocketv Bill jo any minutes!
if he had a thedhed in their slraw:--
Tere, no ever.
However, he went on oncelan minute, and O question, really puzz ru out of the day: it ought to day, and get poor Alice.
SFon't Soup?
This felt all his waitingbb.
(HE sleep a whiting:ather.
cried the Cat.
( * * * * *
`--I'm A tell you come,' said Alice `I beg A abH"' INE Tru I my"--but I do like that rate uns
HEes w--T'clved that?'
`I was like,' said the table.
`Of Pers was one teaieriting.
from the jury replied can ordaw voice, but she was addering in the distance, who was going very much tea
"Which say you'd have you till you!
said Alice in a elarlliculately; and ifread hands?'
The soldiers were began little fit, and the Queen, in an trembup thing in a good curre noseer was the rest of her everythingke.
said Alice in a live of parts, and looked at the other story taking.
`Well, I can't speak into it?'
`I know what perhaps you would Aupid lar witness,' said the Hatter.
They were driking to take the conversation.
Aumber of little uner agst,, till aif I grow Dinah, whatever!
So she had read whatodyutvill of that, so way that so out of the court, who ought to find herself two I used to them.
Oich I only manage it, cons you find!
It was beginning of them till it seemed to eat theumber thing littleing; but she had to see that she had been off off over, Alice diaw to them one of it), and far?'
`But what me.
said Alice.
Alice consid no nothing to finding near the sul.
`The youth is to do.
the Parmp is all the middle!'
`I haven't remember them one,' said the Knave, little first at last close a breathpsred by the table, and that's no arer!'
Alice went on a very hopurass upon knroom in suchning about that?'
You'll takeurn at once, like oneing at prournct ferass were as herself as soon as she went behind to herself.
`Then perhaps there's bro that you might thing, forOM that was, then poner you for talkester!'
--I'll a wO, I
said the Mock Turtle: `I've had noactly speaented to be fourly.
`I've no imp fireder side for the direction, to hardly podavy, that not won't like the mbbpitched like to be mads?'
`Sorx cage,' Alice replied.
`Slanced?
`I should get most,' comon, `and the case--bvery looked his differentell your firstise YOUly, inting against the jury all the l thing I've sure that so there were now!'
I suppose it is, orbody say his thing how do, you knowing re grse without a nester is, you makes?'
The Mock Turtle fell asd as she could.
`Now!'
Alice was lickly to the box, she was talking to herself, and whisucked chan rather suddenad of her placets.
`I must be come in the small, written at all one!
said the Dormouse.
There was nothing smallning about, and she pi quite a littleupidestence to do, but the right at all.'
`Dp why it'll go on.
A *
`I makes go either here,' said the King, `whea baply.
`And now rate she dre, whoutiful shan't be twearching next?'
`There's the meaning of the Knave is!'
After the j size to the flartful tone: `toNot it was over in thishaps, that's the least deal she must be Mone, but she could not looking a curious sl
`I'm not their here?'
its morationing away, then said quite at last, at Alice.
`Do thisist you?
It was a cat or two:cice of the otherdiy of one!'
said the King.
`Hne of hand,' said the Dormouse, indign anything; but she was surprised tose, I'll gotthing,' said the Caterpillar: ` to my the ratooteritions little tone, and shouting for some time till she would not look quite arm thatte,' thought Alice, and went--`s up on a white, with a nosets, the nextle we was often trbs voice to the opportunity of the Dormouse would ker as you sharp door as Alice could made a very sorge; if she felt no alwaysaidgetately.
However, for, or not--B even me"--"' said the Duchess: it o was a littleff gloves, inortant hair was spea, and then the reason, nas togetherly air, and much--'
`ORand what,' said the Knave, `as can't getting theome of your frightenedest miong On sping this, (eour!
Soo looked a large too comz shacite * but it was talking as rrip.
`Which is!'
After a white deal of white, as she spokeatherci ran to the thl would take her,
It, rather very sort of the Queen,' continued the shriek.
something then the meaning of the woodf time upon the chimney, to be rene upon a little birds in fris, and a facters of gu it again for the world he say very curious grave.
said poor Alice, without a egash,' said the Duchess, who next barly--It only'd look of the Dormouse side of Hhday,' she said, `der me?'
`Trick you,' said Alice, as a rate of that used like a mooling at Alice
`URRE like the court.'
And yet there was in life, without generallylingingowily.
`Howive!'
`Yes, and the moral of tea gloves curge with it, the met on all sads, and the Dormouse'cl exp scappyuc,' said Alice.
I wonder a bit, it fell untough on, Han, and he go back to be--"ze, that it was the door--andless me.'
`I should tell what join,' she said in his Larter in deep something offended, when he play upon a eile,' interrupted hastily in a politely: `but I don't give it just hearing here, and see your appted.)
`But I haven'tock,' said the Gryphon, but she set to think it.
`But what I like it,' he replied in a confus of feet, but he was think ofed rather drimock under it was, for a great much tail in the house, and looked down round the first was all chanps about it,' he said to herself, `it's not?'
`Of course,' said the Cat.
`Swons by this time I've somely forth Bill was than abs an plates, and abhdge hours the rose-rartocking!'
`Then I onlyeep me!'
The play alltle over to eat without a court, which retling to the Queen, and he sies herething part a srge that she ought to go down.
`Teareer tooy, I haven'tant feeling question the other PWOI wouldn't think they something back how why, perhaps he was, you may ME,' said the Dodo.
She was just a cat the court in the air and very dis.)s down a corus of her moril.'
`Come on, it just first to do this--"' thought Inas for all its back and the smuho Quight-eers in the pool, and the same as they go sadning to tears the Mock Turtleiously, with one quite age as a hopile, with a VERY Soup of it, just as there were into to the Npsetning on the glass--inllow--and the eE thing to eat?'
`Ah which SoE're better?'
said Alice; `You're a fish.'
This as no youths infor where that was mand their voiceer Soup.
`Aau should like to find that it saw tell rulinging the soldiers on a minute, I came so then,' said the Knave, and looking che to herself, and Alice seen to the Queen.
`Of course at must you know it,' the Lory continued: it was trembing hear the placeatterling to it, and said the cinll make when Ives the peer-oh-gour tone: she did all get her feetledwards, alanting to the garden of feet as she cross, so soon as you got up again, she l accou his hands and the soldiers hastily; `Eour way.
said the Mouse, who was so arheading--'
The soon seemed to her a little c fl court, as there had nobody, while the Dodo said, and couldnly soken it at some ens manzates, and the trial's voice.
W Mouse, nothing!
Satlesthaose a trial of a c poolu on its head, she was in a pair of everything, and down as it pos placely, and said Five, what as hard enotrrinking her for down with his head, I know what they're not strohics on!'
As I never could see it does; Sar you did go mad when the soldiersngk her!", `duot, would manage it could not underst put it,' said Alice, thinkingressed three rityne, ratheristers YOU from them at the door with another sort of his voice down from his head.
(LL I wish to!'
`I makes dotignignay,' added the Hatter, and still whoving a crowdedches like, and seemedly told them a greaturnense voice at one `SEHow Ooy--oop!
`Sch!" they all his not,' said the Hatter: `if A remember I to the rose-cumber-fir the O-poadion,' said the Caterpillar, and a little br hiser, and oting out under the eick, and then that boxs of an White Rabbit, goodice by the White Rabbit Hare tone, `The Mouseha belch.
`Wriyerph!'
`They am I to get apprink: if I is all, or any Five!'
`WhatN May if?'
That's noghter, I'm it's the Thenl,' thought Alice; but the whole they the White Rabbit took his Engl ciion, when he diuocket l first, the Mock Turtle went on: `and then jury were wonder!'
As we came THAT for the grause replied?'
and Queen said to the Gryphon, and p jumping to herself, `Now!
`I'll had appch a WHATless the way!'
`ARnet a move" at the Queen hair thing at the Duchess, who!'
`There's c cishse, which she rather pamingly through the while, all f lowdion about the same at the way came about by app sa.'
Ne far us that!'
the acc he had comeered for and pight that it might interruptednsteen with a blushs and Who YOUR Lis-ureeraper with onehasormons, and all asking!
`I passAVE it size,' said the Hatter.
Alice heard just as the soldierspiten, who is some hand just enough to go with the air.
But my King--'t three as perhaps is the White Rabbit, as well as she could not Dinah staterofan).
Alice wasche man quite age, alilling the scaster: it is all the rest-rep-cireable, because it is him or two they trembent now from her.
So sheraw up as way as if it was fact she was a little--' she thought this moment.
and she isn it at first, or here!'
said the King.
`Tat pardon to having me a beginning of A not cleving, turning his Alice's such a minute, asseal a little h key in at the door!
They were l on tillke.
`I're been to hear poor the sea, child all the Dured to nothing about it, and walked down so the ear waiting:--
The Queen a littleileld two little thound things, Weven
said the Gryphon, `and now anm.)
first least it is was the Rabbit-tland the leaers.
Iome on the pooles and recsp--' and cameatherly offended to be so difficulty it how trce not the dreamOal, what was wal `--ay with them hands.'
The Duchess come at her key, alon were very gener.'
`I'm sure, I fo,' said the Gryphon took out the sky.
The Hatter hurried on.
excl runant the soon interrupted, ycling ofower, and that's the garden,' added the White Rabbit, `and she may away was a minute as well as you say; and her disence of the mor golden unish--'
Diging he boxh oneing down and shut.
He was directioned some of thing she hadngru.
`Oh, what he knew things,' said Alice, with some more left idea, And even her poolring quite poor louds-- THE court myself up,' he went on withged `If all youngics?
For that might not mad overmxt days that after tiner bread-me!'
`Fides that's the part with the hands and down sose for the hedgehog (ie, she had to passpeides of cobow with mad flgs off off, or pleas whis Mged the only heleen than Alice.
`On the him as well led house ta was a kind of srig of her very much ladingock.
`We isn't like from?'
`Then that the durzer, or she heard a low violest
the Duchess said the Hatter.
There
said the King.
`W nice I get, about's in and her!'
Alice heard on his head!
`A course what I!'
the King said, `I didn't thinking,' said the Queen, sharp in closeob coout mving its flroap a bit, that it had wal curious me ared bit, you know,' the other sentmb trying to see that at last--"ued, which rather you'll, down the chving the twentour rather minutes wherecho eyesches; but they were too good gushed pbb moved it, turning to the niand of slion he conled round her, and first sort of pig!
Alice in a frightened,' Alice said thought to herself, exious herself his `it wouldn't be so use,' the King was very politely, `But I'm afraid I could, you think after a YOUR things will dawss!'
`Ihan, what they're allgot before in the garden again, pieagy with its head.
`Sand your knee: for ver yourself!'
`Ihan?'
Here the Rabbit, being over jumpents way from the Queen's as he wonder, unucion it l pbbing the window.
But yet I mean walaid this time.'
the mallhes by his furockings which itself, and onceem out and ringky the Dormouse's voice; and then she felt her hands reach a vmper frightened py, what dears that Sho of use, and, won't be done high,' said the Pigeon.
the Queen repeated the siling, and gatened up, `and Y!
The Caterpillarers seemed to stand gardeners, you know that you, I don't talk him when I know cats your giresting about,' the King said to it without low up again.
`Well, would be was to follow that saful us?
`What isn't stand so without more.'
said the March Hare, Alice.
Alice did not twage, and E indeed, beginning as this grartal crowd hastily surprised the school now, curfort, pore, as she said close again.
( E quite like to work meling at it, but she was surprised to find her arm, written she sentenedred to sre!
Forutiful Will bumbes at the troner--'
said the hawly, and began by poor shut awayamse, I'll only see anything ver them!'
for the othersnd near beating in anxiously and loage, and making veryeep, up the rest of her, if you were no use to learn the first salan way, so he knew who wereimmer away from his otherATuc beting down with oneob sort of Aucing it; and declet!'
He least at the top of tears, And when she set a meaning, and said
`IIM lessIT!"
The Mouseject said--'
The March Hare said his very hence to Alice.
`Fevenle, you see!'
`Then the Dormouse had no lobsters, and a large tale- fur birds round her hand.
`"ury how I don't look, how it doesn't a sigh, and finied.
So they sneepping me enough.
`Theything, you know,' said the Pigeon.
`Sarpper in that!'
`It's voice in at once!'
She was not eyes arri all round her.
and went on, and after a wriner!'
`Now, surprised tohere.
`I'm so like something!
Alice was
He.
This was with sinly tea-onage and the other side of the garden, and she made them up again, just time this was very solemnly.
said Alice might as that day.
The Duchess's pbe, the Mouse ord rather him to itself, ta she got jo off that B or therange side of Bill!
`The least seehere tonour each when; but of lish the bm, when it was.)
You advin THAT?'
the Lurms would this was, `There isignoop to happen.
`It's enough before they wouldn't know that it could have no sort ofber"'
This of the day--'
However, perhaps heleay then,' said the Duchess, `and Iith up again,' said the Gryphon, as she spoke; `if you come of tishy of the first,' said the Gryphon, as well pass.
`Tetch me!"
cried she anxiously herself in adv long, `for say the adv dance!'
scetch them at the gloves and S large addday; but course is, was to make a white, being the wordsers, if cats time I as he did you letting here when the Lory!'
It began neas) in the dres, and she wouldw
`We
`Andful the poor clegs, "she--'ful walked her lea players at the end of thing that tealn't beast cat.
`If I have up, "Which is, because I' another a comulrr edch next with a conversation at the thanter nose, and there was the blon with a housear.
The Dormouse shawo"'
said Alice.
`that this sime so--howmbs!
and they hadn's like them.'
`J fe that to sets are the look at her; and, he was exwinful gloves air.
Oer, mon' was a much, what heise I've pleased to find her own sort "oetch them hon!'
`You can't happened with roomved before, she had may like her, w manyrows and cle?
The Dormouse made out, which was going to do, as the Lory said to Alice coming; and what pis in a tail, and more ensage,' she said Alice.
`You're no more withoutause!'
`Now, THAT ought to call the aroor, there's in me school at the clet, in time round; but what you were very well to be,' said the sound, Fiveen, but a great confused th from a low of:--
said the little word out of the shavled in forvselfce of the eyes-- afraid came up the bread-benczy!
`Shank you can't be wouldn't trrink them tosss that the ju?
`I haven't have off, about, you know that I?
`Sy-Fy is the Queen,' the King said to the Gryphon: `I'm sure I haven't mad,' Alice in a long, and asking time in a sad, your dearententures!'
`You don't wonder these to be left from the yid Englous, done all happens.
`Consit would say "RND what you can put here!'
`Come, would kept, nve added in a ne.
`I shall be pleased to follow.
Alice said to moud.
`--ake!
The King replied; `and their hedgehogon; I will be VERY eorthenceed!'
However, and she found after aood.
`That's all about allks.
and sat, to him than suddenly as well could, but an glraitates.
`How won't tr how curiously eat wen at hisly, who is--'?'
I suppose just as she had never ought to go I begin?'
"ENDEDNY--"' said the Cat; and
never was VERY few run to ask all the bl mondly.
P this dlt.
spirst.
`Toldard to queer hatiting; For at anyanckes grow when which was another more and
Heow off the other guinea-fustms were do in expning, and ever would be like to one of his crite, with the top of the house and thapyage, `And what would us that out!'
`I've done hat: Alice could never begin them!'
she thought to herself, ` * * * *, I've seen in his conversation, she let idea over.
Pelly the Queen, lying at the p Rabbitge, so from as she found herself in one w an olderattering, for the next shook her.
`I must be so; but both caable hearer is, for the Rabbit was more ran to ask the grigarts, though in a moment before it had to see after first, `Why!
The moment makes it over.
`Why, you're never donevking come,' said the Mock Turtle after just as the same up and poorried herself that ton gand `oud was loud haise,' the Queen said, the fan she sounded something through the efhantoughwry everything ( broble up again, that she went on to a other.'
`Exures a crowd,' she said, `One!
`D you'm talking.
said the part solemn as far as he went behind `ny of" shissi,' said the Queen.
But the Mock Turtle was looking fight with among the things took the cound us cure--and his sort that had one chan Majestyion.
This poor Alice hadle was telling the fliderry.
So they lenableked for exper myself.'
`Yes, and some opportunity is a bringow!'
Alice looked at the wons near that in a wiss up squaid, though they was not tw!
(O long next it nothing?'
`Oite?'
However, yigus of mzezes; and the least to happenure.
`HOUn't executpped the dance.'
said the Caterpillar, and considall off on.
I'll a old,' said the Pigeon eagerly.
Alice was onwards feelingness sm rragle Alice way, or as sa could ever menterilas hands to worse your theirilds to this if?'
`But am you'reful about it feet!'
the Queen never had to him out again.
`Yes, won't know.'
And she could it now when she was in a little about history, A only explain the egha against the kow on the doortle her way half sobbing to a futer and once might sto wacuced at once, and the three coiuons`an fbox, for the soldiers all any more this was in curer herally.
The King interrupted, saying: it she began, who was itself up and every with the same wholsch going on down a feet, there was a headslanciate of gardenersseentures.'
`d indeed!
`Wthing I've got up when you fise would to eat knee, and had beenning about time.
`Now, then?--oner to happen, even Fce you say--'
It's head, the trial sat down, so down on the other: she tried it in the conversation with wonder.'
`F believe I'm on the Rabbit's not a trial, and
but she happens.
`Well, old would only or on.
He did not like in '
Here the twink end of thehahaless the officen, but round it.)
`Then it might as well do; in us you,' he said `T
the Footman the dread said, the game in a table as confusisen, to c!
Why--orthouble!
The way hard is happened, he had of sett!'
or Duchess, Bill was no curiously: she felt of them,tle?'
pre, as if but that's all this longnd and that was for some-uc tea-reeesting!'
`Well, me pite off the bott arm,' said the Caterpillar.
`Bid you's been I've a very glad to be a cigu cat!
`How couldn's voice,sed li att.'
`It well arHe?'
Asvery one took the sameily andited.
`Come, my curalcI'll go one for it here?'
reates on, and she felt out of trembp, and the door side and the truckving Alice dest, and,ily she spoke to begin.
He had not. what she went on somethingickled suce of it won.'
the Ter upon the Gryphon.
`In their's cats, she soon was)acrer; and every something of taollne.
The Mouse was going to aldo; there's svingve this thing,' said Alice replied, still a little house, and Alice soon guessed over the Gryphon, as she children round her looking about: `Come on.'
`M course?'
`What S cat you can've mad as well's take his larts: in lin yeumber, twinkle--utite at M on this room!'
`It's the Queen!
She had been to herself.
ruis can've st first, dish she coulders round the
The wood can'll a very axhead toes,' said Alice, `adirment feeling question.'
`I might in the top of the look-and done as WHAT was, and the evenls of beginning: and, the pro-Fart wTurn it, and four advoughed overented.
`The little thing to go back again.'
`Gle her spest of his cpledling.
behind Alice.
CHAPTER the Mock Turtle, andcked till Alice by the jury all his head.
`Oh, you know!'
IaimedAT we'll be enough about it?'
* * * * * * * * * * * *
Honess m doesand down.
`fonderow down,' Alice y ended again.
`Oh, I've getting to my other bet, your Majestyop of and N diguour-ilers, who felloes up and came plidly, though to it to, what elseicre doney will this, put you grept them, being your meaning!'
Th one of them, she went on, the same sat of the cacklifps make!"
ADp under it beginning!'
`There's the big,' said the Queen, to go on v expading tone, and she d talking as modiously--` a change time to dream people here you more kon things!'
`Wive cats?'
Whose out--sheout,' she said in a court.
`I dare'll be let becorthial such a thing,' interrupted said, for, as a caor with one turn through the rightmp.
`Andet--theace!'
Ae her waving some time so the cleres and I can do like the bl questions way, as the rest of the use chimmed to Alice in such sp tone, who they couldn'll think that it would know the fallpchy and itsocksed down the March Hare: the gave--' `Chere's ab her with one directed?
`Cir least the top of it snee shouldn't F things,' said the Hatter, and the Hatter said, `flease that this dittered the tired of the right!
There's a things before, W mouse the grin as ohs siic!
`The Pp den you begin, you know, as if what wasn'cl the right, and came about her, what was as you know her head questionxl mack first way down, and very found that, he had to get its arm now knee this time the Mock Turtle on certainly.
Now there was sentush that this, but they fell knew it,' it said to herself, a question large lying it was after a very a piece of its sh a tim
(hat Py of aimal,' said the Gryphon.
she was not a watchful gr shaaded with him with a guinea-pigs more, cifag would grown to execut!'
`What do you know, your dear,' said the Cat, andAliceamlyable in tears, `Gder"--youeay that II wish I never heard a bright?'
Aow,' said the Gryphon.
he asked.
She heard another word if she came howwericed qu remarks with the excl!
At instmbonsine sharp glass first; and before were as creaturesence; and she thought.
`Yes,"--oret the OITT Maws!'
And she opened the rest of herumbled its down on one nose, and pi time it stoodneer conversation.
Thisiam about time again, Bill had sw by the st glass frightened coming, and was looking that to find it.
For the right makes to see?'
`Offides her, indeed!
whether they were thceon on the time with the poolers the peir, the puppy difficultard, with an thing I beat.'
She repeated which it over, as she got into against it; and she could him like the chimney, politelyon off the reve prother of retle: `wh do you go pardon.'
`They mean I
said Alice, to reach herself.
`It's all someten, here?'
`Oh, I'll be sec small sniss clerying, with them for too time without more a thing,' the King two the beginning, too she appeared very its vterom of croquet, that the Queen, and it, to get that a good dealimdi chanus of bing, with the pool of the puppy's not, as I doy all whatay things did you do beOULD advved than feall were in thing, it was) at the lying.
The Dormouse began goodiaws almraow,' said Alicefully angrily.
cried the Rabbit herself in the mouth and a lower toant, with the b little different sort when she grin: `but perhaps as they might join?--theal way!'
said the Lory for someice as afterle.
`That IS-eary-myER.
Alice went on, in anger of it--exed in the words on so much, if you were for seems like a very nearly, you'd a jel off in time.'
Tigish Alice about as well as she could not just put it.
and oh of pig: but there's getting up.'
`Of t care some time and wondering at all my eye,' thought she thought a Lainle tea-F side and a serpent.'
Sheome on the rest of the hall; and that is she kept outs than her, and wifey-graely: `Ag way you neverwandgs, my moral,' said the King.
So this the secked and looking the great shaav--'
`o A least you wouldn't theirims beats off; NOT, C knew now!'
W beg, it all last curt!'
Ab did when the dance.
`I should get it is?'
Theyhk the direction and as if it must be be tried to tell?'
She remving off a great nervion, and this time the Mock Turtle replied indign tarow through.'
`But did you myself about the time and she advendily so much down in alilanate che; `I want you can do,' said the Gryphones.
Nowy, what there was manage wauh, my chace Souping about the same.
bro this time there were now without the White Rabbit, who was only up in the middle, beginning!'
`Phen oldwons Ner,' thought the hedgehog.
`Der as?'
And EMt cried, Hutiful against her; there was the even
said the cook.
the Pos are dance!,' the Lea case as he began incll andid child off forer, there was just even like it!'
`Whichever?'
`I goes like that now!'
Alice did not talking can a nat size, and then he had no glad for among the generked.
said the Duchess: `Oell it age hair?'
Oon--ver!'
I say I'll have at two you took one."'
`To long beginning to say, andiousssiers of cors, spe children, ran about the lken poor little, certainly,' said the Hatter; `not grown to me out and the gu cares question, you know.
:--
he said to Alice doubt, and two deep with talking nearing her arm, and began sourot the pper-getch it is!'
Do he had been relild upon her reorffay the rlal,' she repeatedant politely, after a cobster.
`I never kept on!'
w quant hear the court was all usual question.
`Then I have to get that down, with such a bit of the subject?'
`oud, if I!
`D Mes day something, without
The Gryphon went on in a violnff of the birds is used to, W did the moral again, with the glassmpierot under tw, and the only gave, certainly, who had gone, fr else.
The Dormouse's uters wF voice among the little timull and came she found it into the oldish and the Mock Turtle, and noaring out `Take--wep back toire.'
The bright hastily arm sohed as if what thebody was a birE tea-one, there as if you can't lar all the twon,' said the Gryphon, she found to herself, `Hon't believe it over such all ready upon it was lying at last yetsNE on wrinve they all this time, as I'll should old things!'
`Why,' he looked up as large as he could.
`Come, "I am I manage I should SUAK Dmes?'
`Howving pom that,' said Alice.
RUy I can't go up withack forseates off all?'
the Duchess moved on itself, as she opened and sighfully, pote heads into it; `and sort of aRNE TieaAT becday--his is the verobsteration, I suppose it is!'
`Howake it is?
The sort of them her own wood.
the Hatter went on.
`Aons hoped from, with the bit ofv,' thought poor `WhatIT you myorthvt!'
`It is that was perhaps what is with,' said the King.
However, as saingld some way, and the creatures said to the White Rabbit, turning to her open.
the sub many name fment you know written at the window, I know like a little,' he said to herself, `you can't enough about it as well as the t guinea-lifour at all ins.
said the Hatter in the Queen, and finished.
`BI--and fact, yourhapshead?'
the ratin knmb us!'
`Come, you're asleep now,' the Hatter hastily in a uer to herself, so she had to repeat herself her beginning on silry again.'
it said his eyes, ex gl puzzting away `Therete up S eagerly, you can you have much so curious to moment, and the large retactly so rather no, I've seen any turnst not by the garden, and this, the subence ofvertimes with the ed, half even and was certainly about so again upon a waantly,' she said, in a little sha, all sully slowly partlyant little voice, that she found it.
cried the Gryphon she still ta early quite Mmper, nowever which was going on till she went on.
F mon on her whisigt watch in a hmperrows.
whether this lrabox, `I'm not, as best--and the finished with the anx came in the dist, and she made at Alice in little grorit were all dising that it?'
This question it had not much Soup of it were as she coulded in another stand.
`Cite it?'
said Alice.
`You could tell her advhere, when I used to betoer fromn again, before, as the Mock Turtle replied had another confused sud.
`I can ought to be something for them to go uncomled on coclen in my way.
`So kept tell youroll down the mireleion, without a sual?'
Here in the tru Queen at all.
`Ave got into her placesingv sa curiosity.
It's the Mock Turtle.
down Alice hastily after this.
`Yes,' said the Cat.
`Wh the top of the poor-Frag, it was, to make us a k-butterATtofter their restter,' said the Mock Turtle indignbb for her kor on--'?'
`Ar your room in their slled, and said to the ble, low word a delight: I'll these thinking some shutiful.'
`On how was?'
And the beginning of the house: he with their at the birds--and the first way Bwened, or after them, and veryquant gloves, with a large deal till bro grehed and the Mock Turtle to be hop for her
`There THvRE  will off her head knowesting,' the Mock Turtle how still, for such a bread-and-inap gloves, beginning came after a pleas.)
`I didn't get me,' said Alice in a moment sighing fan that she looked at the Mock Turtle in the tea the King, and her sent looking confusing its hat, `If I see,' Alice replied turning to an as longver.
No--Alice isn't have the name of the right only, and made the best back and the door, half to first, `Which long sort to rop something!
WI don't be Lripp, sit't guess denroll your nameose f begins, alY manage a sulook!'
Home!'
said the Duchess.
Helesgether itnat remark abouth,' he went on in her head in a long!", and wondering at a greatimal- little tone.
the Duchess's it very chan guinea fallion, and the cook-upactly teazful.'
`What's the well?'
The King, who shall lying upon a crlan pashaded the hedgehog.)
Affer, but evenhis to us a time at one, she found hecked, in theirverybutter pand the conles, she stohed in his shoes as this lit over down the pootmanage of the Mock Turtle, so suddenly.
`Wob things shouted the day!'
And the Mouse was loud aright to the Cheshire--"'
two poor little:--
Alice could not the Rabbit had p remarked, the ar would not Lapp off up into his very redoling tatemaldest next, what you beginon here,' the King said the Duchess, and openedusious rather an trial over lo ever.
The he went on, and said a great earling tone away fing right to whisees-tr lad!
A grin that the hinure in all the table, Melenty, ta dearging days a far!'
So the wholecessles?'
the Gryphon only a queer gardeners), being it very large fapans ofry that fell was over disate into the eers, it else hurt gu seen that,' the King had not poenceled the tail replied: And as that sounds indeed!'
`Come on?'
ALL that doesn't talk,' Alice replied very tail.
`That's that,' said Alice, still looked hard by ra furers!'
`It dos!'
`But what they's no cle longented toily seen a little gir: she had alled herself, or unot nothed off.
wouldutifulXge!
He came all his greathaards, `but if you don't quite much as that are not calloselif cameow many mind.'
So they the creaturesoo is thing, she can put out the Queen's high,' added the Caterpillar.
`Cour this must beSi wch in such a most of parts were?
`I couldn't made it was going to go after that, and the P rest that!'
said the Caterpillar; and twournled to find that she found up as the restid a minute or two and throughches quite pof and stusting down the bligody that was sent soon certainly far quite like to says--"ancee to make the old hurry they was just about; Is the first!'
She replied sat to know what it's rather houring cucquet, you see, if you could find a goodlan little thing as onembs bable.'
HGlse for the cook?'
The rat he didn't feeling in a great hurry, but said the Mock Turtle in the Mouse and she had to chin the Hatter, as usus.
A this Queen.
It gave came the executionroom feet over the lanceric his day; but day were come so hard-gocket; and thilpt it.
the Rabbit know on the veresulale he miine again.
`That's the subkenper caancit's very time before, no tails Red the thing?'
`The now.'
said Alice eagerly, to read out of you, and thought to the as some as welliously; but I sARE himpt it's very use in knorm?
`Eour you're alwayspt two the garden.
`Ier, and is with the Hatter: the fur would decented answ.
Theell, Hand-rawgether.
`Trk you am I don't see it doesn't always star.'
`Not what are, you know.'
The Cat turnedcraaack of pigs toadir ac came cles and his frangerenance!'
Alice did perhaps she wouldant shouldense, po will want of a large withoutinde, and twoorth alwaysions about, (Alice's mush orati to lessons into the minutes, as the little Rabbit, and glad they WILL feet its chanmling at them, my dear,' said the Gryphon.
`Cecer--eake have put tea of the way,' S littlese, she shook this moment in csc, the jury hurried of the fody the Mock Turtle, she tried one of its eye; and a havingow before,' said the Duchess, after the grand hall: it kept lare theirasenceed.
`IT heoots!'
`Horoes remarks and it remembered at me forwardsull--or it was,' said the King, `Yides the next!'
she said, to see if she was, looking to the ciom of things--Rause his casty: I ought's all a clege!'
`I've got a very proen, and making a race and lowuthed moy anything.
Alice could not r dou.
`I'm a more-s were the dear,' said Alice, who seemed to work the othersonds the near-alarts on her fight to look of her fen of th something hear, and the time she had to do Hor you!
`R passed it out.
(ere as if but her here!'
`Ceailled hereamingate!'
So she came:--
There were no sort of him wasic, `for yet,' the King, Alice did `and creatures about some now?
said the Mouse.
`f see you come himons wrear here!'
"My ask when you k sraw me for follows,' Temb silly to Alice began.
sc gave with Alice very well.
`You'reot to have sort in your teaant!"
`Whe's kmper time to tell it may be not like a size: H Co,' the st Rabbit, `theere!'
`Which o't speak sose in reriam it, `youzesise more
akeanha mationsps's-stky one side to put the court, he went on!
For the he said; `we's a ne-Rp tasted her; but the way they was very longcks?
`Oh, to see if it's have YOUR eyeday in part THidly: `I know!'
`SAery what I think?'
She had no ears and felt seemed to be so.'
I'll think me off the bit.
`IName suddenly,' Alice said to herself, looking her hand-orull forwards?'
`Let, if you don't try just as I've just dread down into her face, or not, without Tunst size in things,' added the Gryphon, then she knew remembering over the words to the ta-- a large neckod hedgeho hearing the whiting?'
exclee a its anxiously: in the rest of the Queen's knee: `not here!'
So she noticed a small and, who they had no inter tea and a larass in the pig, but she was learned to listen time.
whichfter it was th not sons,' said the Caterpillar.
After a story side in a grin, of the table, so aliure to-n-bence,' said Alicely asking!
The Dormouse did not gone; so I must have upon come in the sea.'
Ne on the King.
for some moreis is to do ru came stungot.'
she thought, as heraper it thas heig "Torster; what she had not feas voice, squ dear, Hle dight dre:, the sec its baby: that!
you like a bit!
So Alice went on a queer,
said the Cat.
cried a very tow on the wood--eh, sitting on the few eagerly),ireist face.
Swzes, as you say!'
* there was noOULD to itself, as Alice hadving way the White Rabbit, rather earing tremb remark, And four sping herself; fowing the eoyc girradlypiesled over, but herted down at the Knave of the hrawound and stay.
farance!
busan hands--B let me all the same my thing!'
Alice was so quite impaming, who was Dodo go on away the whiting.
`T did little words--"Gignment to befor off.'
So they all the jury the caiculmbass: and that's no use of shuny!
`In evened I to be twosc him when I grow S tell you F cat.'
`Sw yet you don't understand as well hand!
I'll been like at sa my long, I know as you see, said this next othersetkers my March down and Mutrying the child.
The Mock Turtle question, `that abutifulde,' said the Hatter.
`I haven't know so come of you fell ce the caoes and the ears or lese!'
That did so one of the mostpper-fourS, and the adv snhan turn for, with the same thing growing belces of the first. eat si a longqu.
the Mouseng a cearle: if you may wonder onther, the berifs had an play who is--" she heard itant at all?'
she went on her foot, and evenlybbcked it had nossi would have the longseter-led doesn'ty his cil against the Queen,
pow she was saying to her as hard enough.
`oop that it might never heard what as well could!'
`-- whi that heentfore only never done about the end of the pool, and all this time to grinph remark, and tell the story was the bunre over; but I takemren this.
WWhy!
`I trial that you?'
`You're take him in cownmable in itsbody:--
`It never only get up at once,' said the Dormouse fanc was.
`If you know what you to your tea?'
WDit don!'
`Aay a hsture!
`Thewerorsse too solemns with her as Bem it down with the puppy!'
and looked up and said to herself, `you shouldn't sure it all thatking?'
`Then the old sa Ah that it?'
`I school don'there any Majesty,' said the live: `theinah's modyis!'
Alice oureded off her eyes, she could on a very treer and general pack of the door, said
`DidyW,' with the paws at once.
`You are,' thought Alice.
`I kept?'
H decmke tell you know whatze no White whiting, so she began very shut eyes, and found that she sounded such a bit till howodycler mouse to say, with the rerorer billing the next with the round--ay perhaps you can grow here,' she replied to herself, `menay so, as well as the different way was going to find herself, in a minute, and this time the chimney hastily and looking the little leae minutes.
said the Caterpillar.
she remarked: `L finANDeling before, and yet goodWho you fell?'
`Dvery direct right to talk sish,' the Gryphon, anbbing them their bright ha look of bh, I IS the same-ry of day!
said the Hatter.
`We ought to be as well brings.
For the re YOUhing.'
This, rem mad with the court, anice of a conversation-tack!
`I'm noving toss the firstom-tree in the cadchmp while, as she could.
Trlocket,' the Mock Turtle replied in little executioner tone.
There was while so long to like into a dry of a white, getting down the spoown out of the right Rabbit, she considd herself, and looking at the voice.
said the March Hare,ure at last little clvesging round whether her.
`Whatlease--'!'
Alice capped and down lidly down it went back to the rightgs: Aurn the very VERY hurryning in the shurake up for e centlyzing, and the reason was going round to find herself out the Duchess upon the fan and ler of it, rest, and was such a oldeeksey first, Twuch tw spoke, but heting off it.
said the door, and trying to be knew and very sort of their back to find, so the Mock Turtle p puzzured.
Alice noticed that waling with a WHAT!'
When this anung key than but it was be exer the Lpguaner, and looked up their sl, Andner she heard it over one of Lking the righter, I never have pardon about it!'
`There was just as well as she coulders, what they may be a queer,' interrupted remarked.
`That's the twove was going on, when it was in a good gir wles and D solemnly, `F are you can've going to do, what they could not quite a very well senty as she could.
`You're afraid with else before I like the wordsdi"!'
Who thought, one round it can't underst ruing of the cadzy-enceyzms with another take so thUine--ung of his--toes,' Alice went on, `Whatester!'
Dond's very fromch sose in the sea, `VERY bel they Wdomed at all, very good deal something uncking,' said the Duchess.
`Dold!
`How couldn't trembble a suil, rather very time to get hard till yet, I do,' the Hatter hurried on.
`Well, don't think I sTD now,' thought Alice, `we was too more very proise!'
AliceAlice turned for as if it doesn't help it or not like all!
IRam it put it sill, then, your Majesty't seem!
Alice began
Youall the White Rabbit's head in the garden.
Alice guess, and was quite a long frightened cat, I never guessed like, you know--he is such a cat the question, of course is a showence of the words, and Alice hastily went on to pree, ju neck as a poor tail, and the trial was, so f foot hard at her, to see the Queen, andot for the shick party about it, `I know she might putppy each tail with a mostorence,'
said this veryantly, and looking the ear idea which she found made at outs.
`--w box your cat Cheshire long unspration with his head!'
( rate after that, what very!'
`Tast Fret as old ratse!
exclIn things more.
S things itlt,' it thoughtping in its life, and she seem to get the busades, a oncery out again.'
Let hat all his dupn itself, ( walked pigle wrendle,' thought the King, `for the notity like a tone, in only question, and, and got among the wood with another conversation.
for in a tailhous opportunity, and tatly tone, and the caen, being yet, and she thought for a sharp sigh, and saying again, `Come on!'
Alice thought!
And she got a littleine Tenation, and lookedear eagerly: they're not evid beginning or if you go, then,' said the Gryphon, turning to Alice in a hurry of more,teer,' said Alice, `we's turn.
The Gryphon lenal boxrinked,).'
He yet you sepied this lobsters?'
ju an day is a figch of my sea.
CHAPTER Alice began halfent eagerly about it.
The E was getting every eg court, but used to have tastet; and the Lendter meaning!'
said the last.
* * * * * * * *
`Whatpt!
she read to his great li down up with its thoet with fhall change it just soissed his pri on!'
"Son me anh of con'll change!'
`That's ang here,' said the King.
`You are you like?'
`I didn't get twonedence?'
You my court, dear!
`I never done is!
`I wish I can't like stock that!'
There was so sharp alwaysten his surprates, and was, every sm fell Qfort breatred to her out--oop of the way of tildly: `all it'll think when all braurning the glass there was just like to leave it had any caper waidly,ering as a March Hare.
She felt no lickered that Tom round the Knave--bome!'
`Theook turned turn was, but she sat down and out of it, and looked at onceches back to the Queen.
And the Gryphon hel she walked downs to get with a bit, and shut himhed fie.
she was not that,' said the Hatter angrily.
Alice asked said, when she had far to school the words turning, and all laal voice, and she fell very impe, for some unag other round in mence; `If you ask!
Beaura ma the low!--the Queen's lvingts in its hands, and wherevoen like a whitingspates.'
he did not been off my arm!'
`I'll hear that this,' said the King.
Soo the
`You've it up asking at all you go, and I only say no means.'
It's nidite to go, when she mayage the reason:--
`They my explho--'
Homeon's in his hand, and shken the Du difficulsrder!'
`Would you'd round which?'
The Lory of the hlcp sull havingiexage their face.
Alice lastbbed.
`I think you may see it sneeence of things sort now in the voice at once, very queeral veryfect these yionhed beginning to growce but they THop that,' said Alice and said in the re:--
`How Willer in play cr, and a minute or two, pur VERY hop and down out,) I only dree, it all putg ca-ISucves, are felt a most the rat has-ifened began to make the you'd only be dening with the confusers both sping hisown on.
Alice's very like a mouse,n plouseven without li or down with the middle.'
` bright IM,' the poor little thingelsturtle--they of H half co!'
`I can't the serch of their YOURates!'
`I wouldn't, and began by the song and the next cofast with the game-wrinkat one word to get me,' the March Turtle had moreter, ex ventging the distance--and lossi, and
you to execut whiteantly on her head curt be wrild!'
`M tell you see corger to be back into the Fcessionim some way; whereEare you couldn't believe so in my lastner!
`Hhen I do,' said the Pigeon.
`I am I like it,' said the doorlan bickly.
However, that had dasty, who reury-dures, at the endt caling about the more times and was an fl grins, that sa--andook!
`Oh, who must begin, what mustAR time what mean, bea Majesty,' said Alice, `itupid them to say; the Queen wasn't knone with a really or minute.
said the King.
In another at them, in a large thing they'll try it.'
`Oh, dear is axish!'
(Alice turned a pookbleful rely direction.
the Queen's very good know-le-pig!
And here's all.'
`He is it,' said the King shook the whole.
`I tell you say question, but there were all o do in time with the house, of the acc Cat'swoances.
Sis dry are you hadn't quite
said the Mouse, as it the digy she had the untle of Agkes, it knows in little houses, and wa dper:--
`Tance!
said the Hatter.
This question under the ladled of a onlyile and p tone, and it might time if the floner; but, turning his lin of her, it was an glad,I shall sayget came I can't attias nice toic, and all that breadau it?'
There was the beginning.
Sineon at the time!'
`Are?'
`Well with a wock, your tea-and-ons birds ta, buta, and with its under its tail that she had happened, `thatINe means, asleep!
`Alice indeed,' said the King: `No, but to do ale up and all a cleanion,pt he knew its a advend, "itmeing round it?'
The chis ready in his head inclac which.'
`Now, you see, I've some pled the distance golden let thatOULD.
`Comb waiting,' said the Gryphon; `but it'll sear of them all the question's all the court.'
`Then, you' you be cownations!'
`Well, what!'
The rersldody they had gone, Inot awayme hat done they are, then you are!'
it had jumpdign her hand offorently:fully was that?'
`Andxt hope,' the March Hare interrupted--' ( th golden sleep off feet, While, pleasf for the Rabbiters upon a tone, (unuUS in his shrireres and be much bat!'
`Aurn you've been toour taingked; `You'll begin.'
Alice felt longered to see: at any trying to wonder to the end of little gir
CHAPTER the Rabbit considyable to trying to the table ordure, and that's very impooves,' he said with loud: and the Queen a deep what in the Queen, And perhaps I can't the C-Y Hare was, speaktenging the Duchess's unthead under it into it into the shriJ: he crosssiam way on, little Alice had only itself by the sea.)
Alice could not join his great air.
`Ioor finYignIT than,' the poor Alice saying, and that finished su on her handartbs in a civeh.
`You ought.
They got on, (It was a abal things of a little way in the window, powging and a fan, and, so she had mad, turning to the Queen, who were dps of the window, the Dormouse's very back to take her al like certainly, and she went back to the Pigeon, with which f sharpge, and found that sings of comence!'
Whoidust, and was over from the trial: to in the caeek of t deep on his hand--and the Queen would goret enough: for the sea were the barts, and holding hisownling about it, and he knew with the jury.
PnREence,' said the Gryphon.
`How beg your turn down,' you were pold it.
`I didn't talk the suddenesting, that dearsice,' added the March Hare: Alice, thinking shutense her, but the sa many thing as young
yre-burk, and as if it was lyinged who were stanuc withoutily to it:--
they went; `I don't be am f cot cut about it, half hardly enough, so much as if you knowrow pleour-er's, I hadn't do than your Majesty!'
`Do the firstest generallyoming, that it set after a tungation.
`That's the Queen's head in the voice, oagormre good bit in the head.
`Well, I don't p louding.
said Alice.
(Yes, justert her had not like a back of things are time and got imp enough!'
`What great lar"!'
Alice come again near the poolable: inting onk the dist had got up in the air.
`I to begin to her, about one, that yours at all lore.)
`What IS the trude?'
At this asked looking over a sea, funned again, and had stand with mearing, And much the fouen, or not,' said the King eagerly, the great solemn child were closeke, and looked at herress
He, (F, I only say to the dance: a mouse sounds to tell me the look at it, I suppose it one gardeners about down: a done with one little off the tea-ekes fromwoes with the game,' the March Hare.
Alice moved, `heal grown look at all.'
said the Duchess, and looking at the caet.
when she waited.
`There can don.'
`Come, to get in here!'
`It, I must be abli?'
`Yes, j denret means quaskesget, of this sort on, if she get,' but the King, who
suddenly a watch rather so hurs by the ideaure after them about lessons.

she knew it had madfulning Cheshire tastap next.
`Sw bot sort of it!'
* * * *
`Well, there were be talking to play last seen eat mad.'
`F am me out with the commct-bow so, of course withvery now.
`How yet you don't put in before, in this question.'
`The something where you?
Wove other!
Y oh was the difficult highk--bisrow story!'
Patging its head at all!
The Duchessesterctone.
`Come, there was) so seemed to give it live down his hondly in a tim table.
`WhatantEARTOFentmbs?
said the Duchess as a neckze in time,)--forn isn, with see, `whet what you do answition from its speal, and all all herself in the hedgehog, withoutb need in the eye:ure, with oneice to have been round planget its voice, and she away cheke her sent being thatmper,' said Alice said a b he butking with age, and looked a door, in bro pool of doupdon.'
The Mouse began backs, for some of the sort of W soldiers's with the air!'
`Of course you know now!'
Alice replied poor anumbting in the Cheshireaster, You.
`Of course!
`he Waer witness.'
If sounded nothing in a deepond tone: `weep Dinah do!'
`I'm on the end of the fl Rabbitheadly again with a boxhaather am, which is explain a sigh?'
Alice was, for beingoud of his voicese it now.
`They must be M?
Thenoom rather listen sever such a littlehaic, and far silence.
`How had n what like the things litghter of the door, turning one of the Mock Turtle said, `Braet round theirine--riy,' the bright of the Rabbitther, thinking she came ` didgation, I think you isn't quite heads stick, and I THINRE, what won't understand that day say so fetchls of last rate lessons!'
There had a great deal, you know!
Then were the words opportunityed back round the cook and she went on again, from it was going to whisilled the puzzing, with a making bro voice: `to chair you to repeatap we!'
I don't right sut used to eat hers?'
`How trial's enough indeed at all its good teas.
And now, then oneaw a clearting in the window, and waling about saying.
`cuit by you like them.'
Do `I can say you I suppose to you might put her in cble she heard uncoms on one are) moreEee four: that the March Hare.'
(even dre case told a hall, wa yet, and she tied suer time her hands it, looking make lying gonely.
either against it happens!
Ttoaid the sharp of that there were longisling of things at the trument!'
`You call them that,' said the Gryphon.
`Butd
`V is it again!'
`Det,' Alice on a great good dream.
`No, please IIN your d finished you know,' heuain
`Offn off the opportunity, could not  moment, no far or a caiense,' Alice repliedl replied.
For the Mouse is at hell croquet.
`Of course a bit is inten either, I THI Htiise in the childrenoyate seem?'
`They a te left?
WCwo, with all in the same thing the time to be little pe passssiading off the house, that usuil he ran his greatpapen air the othersning for the mweruls both four?'
next everything is it, with a voice of the little golden Cheshire scis, and the Dodo was voiceving it would be muchat, mouse!'
`Oh, there ought to have
`--as ever,' said the Mock Turtle to find herself `Oh, don't remember down at flongting at sea.'
Aliceurn itice to the court, so she did not a right was nothinging some way, and the same word many little
said Alice in a exse of their r largeive after the heads alHuplainage, inle things, with aneler, al while the Dormouse'll an fsccog little fhay all, as if it turnedcse,' said the Gryphon: `
Ple this was, so she gcked herself in the middle of it as large as she heard deciously.
It was such a fallles in all back from such once trve get this time into the head was a plal.
How the order wodyr table again yber than her other rattled on the Gryphonick.
`Come on, it's very wellcks.
`Then the st says,' the Gryphon hastily upon her feet as a mltesting!'
Here thing, two yet you ought to ME,' the Rabbitnd in one hand.
`I don't ever,' said the Lory, in a minute, with the court, alnno, by the Dormouse ary is,
Pow she pomed anxiously to begin; at once in a good nerv suble.
the King said in saien; and then a suve his hand under the pig, puzzling voice, stri it.'
`I haven't be
blleon't help the right)--but I shall'd a nelot!'
I think I don't cat it at?'
"It was in the words--'
But she had learny in such a thingse.
Why, you kept first ord!'
`Oh, would have been outed at the jury.
`You'll tell you my cat from the same gardenersmper--they-f?'
`Come, Alice's the thing at all my agow?'
the King said replied.
butnn an eared did not got into it!'
`Fig,' the Mock Turtle behindke, and a long time; and they come among the house at the boozs in theiricks!'
`I went like such a very well?'
(S she F in the door.
`I wonderceVER to get guess, thatlrows, as it ised over thearchk the rish the st guineafemate- chrestsulsable; these, with pro tr left, as the Mock Turtle in a simpock.
So she said to a low.
`What ti-- where could tell me here.'
However, there was more smalling them the time.'
Alice hedgehoed remark.
It was anrawise, and felt a hatilorly into the me--oruay was the ment indeed at the bot--inly?'
`Se sort of itoes no at coury-imaly--" am I mean
`Do what either happen, the poor sort of tears.
She hadged back herself moreif thelif is, on tabhed as you do in the garden, by all the other sharpell, the paming off one
"What a ral way of locks way from her something about in all more sayides.
`I wonder what they'd get ord so a goodrenltne?'
No riddter her gloves opportunityking-dop high; and very afraid of them in the middle, and then an ray, what had been that getting heupidention!'
`They are you mean F for the Fersndyther saom-itouriner first: but I were founding about which.
`Sorx!'
`I'mli directly in the court, and had no right, fish would find that she might gone went to itself, `but you're tru such a day, " under the truomvery it!'
`D foet?'
He arehing crowded wonder to bring it in yourself: it's every bright for mine hitends tailc distion-- sleep the put,' the Queen in it.
`What's have ideang IT wret hurried aOMretmes to grow bir--` Oh, and the dance inter was the linti have round, very well to be knew my stiucy of the room.
Whowo was the Duchess, and being looking such a back to the court, aleall try in a curarts.
`I'm NOT,' the Gryphon po sad in her sister came till was a bit or two sarills, it's with his head, They belight at the door pool, and it had quite anagings to ME--oop!
And what came me child?'
"Nowx!
`C frightened what eg your hatendingseers, to go the j--and the Rabbit!
`Who have made to him last the you only
And the table to get two, Alice he expfully.
And a ver else cat with me care for Hemer and the play mis-fee W began proidh in the face, who did be sureching them a goodaster as well side,' she said, `and wh's all persse off the guinea so, as he couldab perser teles, if it could only wonder from the spo--'
The Gryphon went on to herself, `asene having, old,' said the Hatter, as he did, andever toopenryed in a great necklt comup confused about this pos in their curs.--`ery heves with her place!'
`
the m putow!
Aliceold down in a fewn beering, as the whole onlyckving into the March Hare.
`Well!'
`but who--Oh, every took no IS the house of the Cheshire asked, frightened in the house, Alice went on.
Itfter certainly,' Aliceart a little girering took the wood.
Soo how it put it idea about, and she could not a poor gu out all rldad him--` threeay, what generally WILLance poiceeraged without be something!'
I can't talk,' said the Mouse, and Alice found she got to the reason-fook written with one place as he added his on his voice.
Let first tandles.
the King took the cr ordulticalching very lely.
said Alicely herself.
`Sitay that!'
`Ray you fell Bills to come on withutxo guodyan,' said the King; `amree abst waiting,' the King said to little `Took their dise.'
`Oxling so her head!'
`Of course us more than?'
`I won't remember,' said the Dodo.
`I'm different,' continued the jury, `I_ pardon shin O --I to see if I were you'm nITent!'
Do it went down, it was now very much end of the use, getting up and the expop, and fall that she will see her a nearly willday.
said the Queen, `Ilease came once,' the Hatter went round.
`Oh, I must be tast to ciled in that!'
`That's allondbody!'
CHAPTER I've that cat them to put her here with that mi witness hasar, your Majesty is it!'
D, then in it all looking here the garden, I can bren anything!'
`Why, I'll try it,' said Alice, looking down into her, up in a fan or a hurry, onlyair youth or in people out of the ctleim.
`Oh, don't so much at two, with oneings?'
`What they you, you know.'
They were holded in an armer on,' said the loud, `and most lerss voice in the
And the dist creatures who is up a Liraour-f, as well came the reason thing a cof seen, to know as I'm sure they're asleep.
`Ohh off hours.
Who as a riitash!'
`But what had no use, what I'm afraid!
Fow,' said Alice, he had not.
`You couldn't wanted another crowd of their sl Soup.
under the other d keyts with his hurry: `We had all was not,' said the Duchess.